Processes are not efficient  Overloading and illogical site assignment due to favouritism  People leave because favourites are promoted
Encouraging digital engagements in all possible way as a tool to communicate with MDs
This is difficult often times as we're so caught up with the work itself that implementing improvement seem to require extra time that we don't often have. I think external help - e.g. from MPS - may help, and also a well thought out plan to implement the change will be necessary.
Compliance introduces every quarter a new set of rules w.r.t. engagement with HCP’s. It’s frustrating and disregarding for the HCP’s and us.
Our Coaches are proactive in ensuring we have enough support so we can do what we need to do
To get decisions form head office is very slow, and paperwork involved with local educational meetings is very timely
Leaders do listen and are generally open to suggestions on how to improve
Additional guidelines and procedures do not support to be agile. I think MSD has too many detailed processes and policies to follow and is too cautious. Especially in the guidances which come from Global Compliance organization
However many of the processes we deal with are out of date ,not joined up and cumbersome
Things are getting better as we transfrom into an agile organisation, but there is still a lot of churn and waste that can be addressed. I expect to really see the impact of this once we start acclimatizing to the new way of working. It is still very new.
Many management layers, lots of red tape.
I feel I am too new to comment at this time
I have multiple levels of superb leadership within the organization that are constantly plugging in to hear our voices.
My managers are the best! They work to make me the best I can be.
At times, there is a lot of churn in making decisions about what to include in oncology submissions which results in re-work or late starts to development.   Also resources are tight meaning people are working over 40 hours a week leaving them open to mistakes
Things are ever-changing in Animal Health and I have found that it is very difficult to learn the processes. Lots of things are unclear and people tell you that they are there to help you but when you ask questions they are not helpful at all.
I believe there is little they can do as the policies appear to be essentially inviolable
Really operational focussed department, totally lacking vision
GRACS/RPE are very transparent and willing to assist anyone with a question or a problem.  They are the most transparent and cohesive team I've worked with.
In field sales there have been a lot of new policies that have had an impact on our ability to meet our business objectives. Primarily the 12 lunches per healthcare provider per 12month time period that is “shared” among field sales divisions. It is unrealistic to be able to detail two portfolios of products (Chronic Care and Vaccines) in a shared setting. Often we have to share because of limited # of opportunities with a provider and now because of the “12” rule.
We are doing a lot on the barriers within our control, but there are many outside of our control.
It can take some time to remove barriers
We need laptops to allow our work to be more efficient. We also need our virtual processes to be more efficient with less rules
MY Department does do a good job at removing barriers, but when it involves certain other dept. area S  (e.g.Ariba is causing most of the slow moving issues currently).
The sales force makes requests that either go unheard or they take a LONG time to get. We are launching a product and there have been MANY mis-steps by HQ that have directly impacted by efforts.
The inability to be customer facing based on the RAT tool does remain as a barrier for me to do my job effectively.  At best, I should be able to work in any area that is green regardless of what color my own county is where I reside.
The field is ruled by compliance.   It’s a joke now the the answer is always NO.
IT is a constant barrier to getting work done.
“Barriers” needs to be defined
The Organon spin-off has stopped opportunities for improvement since much attention was required to keep improvement initiatives ongoing.  The eye to Merck's future was distracted by the Organon spin-off.
we are constantly looking for new ways to accelerate or improve our results
I’m relatively new at the company, so I have not been exposed to many of those situations
This area is improving from last year due to the leadership of Brian Tartar.
took a 2.5 hr harvest process and made it 4 to 5 hrs.
Rat tool and TDDD process have made us very inefficient as customers are starting to return to normal and the competition has returned to normal.
My department (Automation) does a good job removing barriers. But we often get new requirements from other groups that don't get properly streamlined into our workflow before they are implemented. Therefore, we end up adding more barriers than we remove over time. The requirements make sense, but the implementation always fails to streamline work so that we do not get bogged down. And new requirements are always being added. This has caused turnover, and will lead to more turnover soon.
Our department (vaccines) is being led by some individuals without experience of actually working in the field in this market.  Metrics like reach and frequency are not important and show a lack of understanding of our market.  We are wasting so much useful time on field suggestions, target lists, field emails, etc.  Let us use our college educated brains to run our territories the best way, and look at our performance numbers as opposed to metrics that really don’t mean anything.  Allow us to send emails that don’t make use sound like robots and that don’t even fit the needs of our customers.  Let us have discussions that surrounding the needs of our customers as opposed to a field suggestion coming out of headquarters with no knowledge of the customer.
Having access to administrative assistants to complete administrative type tasks would be helpful, ie, filing of expense reports, requesting documents from the Merck library, booking hotels and flights (when we could fly).  I realize now that we are not travelling there is more time now available for me to complete administrative tasks, however when we return to travelling, my time as a professional could be better spent serving our client's needs and developing training material for our sales team.
The challenge I see in this respect is the number of processes we need to follow, in many cases without project management support. If we want to be scientific leaders, we need to spend time on the science and have the appropriate support so that processes can be implemented seamlessly (to ensure we are compliant with processes and regulations), perhaps with more project management support, so that scientists can spend the majority of their time in scientific aspects rather than in administrative ones (which is what is happening now)
Unfortunately, my department relies on support provided from other departments.  We do a good job at removing barriers within our group, but can only make other departments aware of their issues, which in the end impact us.  We, however cannot control how those problems are resolved since they are out of our jurisdiction.  Because of this, those barriers continue to remain in place for reasons unknown to me.
There are so many policies that inhibit my ability to do my job.
Projects through R&D take entirely too long making the products less impactful when/if they finally get to market.
Some of the barriers are outside of the control of my department.
The company could do a better job with aligning customers to the correct geography and getting rid of old addresses.
Sometimes are SAP runs slow which tends to slow us down.
My department could add more transparency to allow access to sites for which I am not the Lead Site Monitor.  There are a lot of reasons this is helpful - I can cover for other monitors if they have an unexpected day out of the office seamlessly as long as I have contact information for their sites, if I could access their sites in our systems such as SPECTRUM, SIP, INFORM, and the different IRT companies.  Also it helps to have access to all the sites on a study within the eCRF (INFORM). If I'm not sure how to instruct my site to enter a page for example, and there is a subject that was enrolled 6 months ago at another site, I can then check what was done and see the audit trail and find out how data management handled it.  I've had that kind of transparency before and found it very helpful.
We are working towards streamlining our tier process & how we measure & track our projects, accomplishments, and deltas.
I have great support from my TA head.
There are continuous road blocks in Oncology which is making our job harder on top of working through Covid and being virtual. It’s impeding business.
Personally, managing the team's capacity monthly and checking on their workload is my priority and the leadership team I'm on does to a degree-- this is not consistent across the organization. There is strong sentiment that more work is being piled on without thought to prioritization or importance because a few leaders want to look good. Everything is perceived as important right now and a bit tone deaf given the pandemic and personal impact that it brings to employees and families. The work load has not slowed down, it has increased exponentially. The employees workday has increased to 10+ hr. days to get things done. How will anyone fit a commute in when we're now expecting this level of delivery?  We're setting unreasonable expectations and creating undue impatience and being disrespectful of peoples time and bandwidth.
slow decision times
My CTL does a great job of removing barriers within his/her respective scope of influence.  However Middle Managers- DCO’s, OKAMS, MARKETING TEAMS, take an inordinate amount of time are really provide very little value which helps me/ my HCP’s.
Since our group deals in the innovation space we consistently have legal and process barriers that slow us down. While we work to remove barriers they are constant
While I agree it’s important to make sure the field is healthy and COVID-free, I believe we are missing opportunities to drive business.
It is difficult to remove most of the barriers as they were set up based on safety incidences, require maintenance assistance or are due outdated record keeping.
I feel there are a lot of  things like next best engagement and duplication of teleconferences that interfere with customer time
Sharing and collaboration within IT is still a work in progress. Duplication of efforts often occurs because there is little awareness to what other colleagues, teams, markets or regions are doing.
There is no understanding of the operational department’s and their need for support.  Most support groups like EHS, HR, procurement, GES, and IT almost view everything is there to support them vs really help operational teams do their work
There is still a lot of wasted time on unnecessary conference calls and admin things. I do have confidence that the new leadership team will help improve this though.
We do our best locally.  Our barriers are nationally
Prioritization at the "troops" level and adequate staffing with employees isn't ideal.
We actively look for and eliminate barriers wherever possible
My manager makes sure that I have all the tools I need for me to efficient.
More complicated every day.
I know that we operate in a highly regulated industry.  But the Medical/Legal process moves extremely slow.  Often times we are placed on the defensive instead of the offensive because we take so long to respond to market changes.   So many decisions are made at the top & pushed down.  Made by people who have no idea what is going on at the customer level.
I feel we are still seeing silos and poor transparency.
Management is inclusive and gives me all support I need to do my best!
The level of possibilities to remove obstacles is severely limited by the complexity of MSD and the company’s urge to control.
My direct boss procrastinates, but my boss's boss is great to work with
Issues that require enterprise solutions are difficult to move forward, resulting often in less than ideal local solutions
I think we do, however the Global teams/support do not. More alignment is needed between sites and more guidance/support from key collegues at global positions (positions of influence)
Heavy on Policy and Procedure
We can always improve on this.
we still have some place for improvement on avoiding duplicate tools/controls and removing bureauracy from some processes
When we try to improve something, we always layer on a new process that adds effort instead of removing "nice to have" steps in our original process. For example, in my opinion the SDLC process could have been reduced to a few critical template documents instead of building a whole new environment that impedes flexibility.
As an oncology field sales representative the restrictions placed on the representatives regarding programs with HCPs, education limitations, exhibit support and number of meals with HCPs has significantly put us at a disadvantage to our competitors. I respect the cautious approach to field sales activities and support Merck’s ethical stance regarding HCP interactions, but the most recent restrictions placed in 1Q of 2021 (on top of COVID restrictions) are not reasonable and inhibit the ability for the sales representative to adequately perform.
We are constantly encouraged to seek new ways of working with more agility and productivity, however, in my opinion there are still bureaucracies in some processes.
Right now the company seems to be putting up barriers not removing them.
We have a lot of limitations on how we can interact with customers.  We understand the need though, but it is tough to compete in this environment when competition isn’t as limited.
Standard work is great but can be cumbersome and excessive in some cases.  We need to find a little better balance.
There are some barriers that are removed from our work, however, there are also some barriers that are added to our work that slow down the overall flow of our work
My department does not remove barriers to create efficiencies.   1.  My division has an aspiration to “become the leading oncology company,” however, my department does not allow me or anyone in our division to identify ourselves as Oncology Specialty Representatives or even mention the word “oncology.”  How can one become the leading oncology company without identifying oneself as affiliated with “Oncology.”  This is a barrier. 2.  We utilize applications like RXVantage to schedule lunches with customers.  My department does not allow the product name to be utilized.  The customer would be better served if they could associate me with the product and not just the indications I cover.  This is a barrier that slows down work.
I hear many say, “how can I help you and/or we are hear for you.” Then, you offer a suggestion or request for help, and the response is, “have you tried to do ‘XY and Z’”. If the question is sincere, the response should be, “let us try this or we can attempt to do this. Let us think how we can do this.”  The proverbial “we/us” needs to be offered in the response.
My department's director does not understand the job values and slows down the executions to drive business results. Morever, I don't feel being empowered.
When the pandemic started, Merck was exceptional at getting new resources to us, beside OCMs. Having the ability to make telephone calls and have virtual FFMs, changed the ability to work remotely. Fantastic response time to suggestions from the field.
There seems to be a "how do we achieve our goal attitude" in our department instead of nonstop reasons why something cannot be done.
As someone that works on an acquired company study, I sometimes find it difficult to get individuals to think outside of the box, as typical Merck standards do not necessarily work for these non-standard studies. Getting alignment slows productivity and the ability to get answers to questions in an appropriate amount of time.
In my case, i have lost 2 months and ongoing of value added work because of my supervisors need for a reasonable compromise on a simple problem
There are too many trainings, calls and live trainings which slow down our work.
We certainly spend lots of time trying to remove barriers, but unfortunately primarily due to compliance concerns, we are frequently unsuccessful...which also gives our teams the perception that we aren't acknowledging or trying to minimize barriers.
Common sense and customer focus needs to drive decisions, not compliance issues w/low risk in the changing remote environemnet
There are significant barriers that impede my ability to execute tactics and strategies in a timely and efficient manner. Additionally, there is inherent redundancy and lack of clear R&R in roles.
We have multiple barriers to our work.  The first barrier is the RAT tool.  Our customers want to see us in their offices, and our customers believe that if they are open then we should be open to come see them.  Cancelling multiple customer appointments with rapidly declining trends and hospitalization rates, left my customers very confused.  Next, we want so badly to compete in the digital AI space; however, our content and method to communicate still needs to evolve quicker.  Our sales and marketing is very siloed and cumbersome.  We are not fast enough with content.  Finally adult learning says that we learn best in 3-7 min video clips, we should explore this option for customer medical education in addition to our formal medical education.
My department has a lot of people who are Merck 20+ year veterans. It is very "this is way we always done it", so why change? They need to implement new process without a big long investigation, pilot program, & written guidance before implementation.
Our sales leadership tries to remove barriers, but there are many that hinder our work that they are unable to change.  Examples include: limits on number of RFMs per month (this limits access and time with customers since there are many on my team), limits on number of customers permitted to attend a virtual RFM (due to the RAT tool and customer restrictions we must conduct many of our RFMs virtually.  Many accounts have more than 25 people and therefore we cannot meet with these customers).  These are just a few examples of  barriers we have that are not consistent with industry standards (other companies do not have these restrictions)
Merck was already one of the most compliance oriented companies and it seems in this last year we are doubling down to the point of making our Oncology division less competitive compared to other companies. We currently have 3 products and 30 indications but we can only do an FFM 12 times per year, even if we cover one indication that would mean that at most the provider could hear that message for the one product once a year but we have 30 and 7-10 reps in each territory.
There are many barriers and most barriers  go over multiple functions and cannot be removed by the department alone. The growing barrier is the same people supporting all programs
It is a new group and roles and responsibilities are not well defined, creating duplicate work.
in view to keep compliance, there are processes or steps that hinders efficiency. Our jobs cannot be executed because majority of the time is spent on meeting the compliance and process metrics. What we should focus on are what the critical business needs without having to compromise on the key compliance metrics.
agree, but nature of business with GMPs and Documentation makes it difficult
In the MAH pharmacovigilance department there always seems to be glitches in PV-Works, Citrix, Nice-In-Contact phone system, etc.   These greatly impede the ability to get work done and affect how we are perceived by our customers.
We sell an $11B product.  When we say we need laptops to conduct more reliable virtual meetings with customers, a several months pilot seems very slow to get us the digital capabilities we’ve been asking for since mid 2020.
Slow movement on organizational changes, hiring and indecision from management has slowed down our work.
At this tome we are going thru a difficult integration process, and inevitably at this stage there are issues and obstacles that are challenging overcome
Sometimes the department process cause the work to slow down.
many barriers are not in our scope such as global systems, trackers and many area initiatives which are good but requires a lot of preparation and work, and of course the my learning courses that not always really needed for my actual daily work.
I think we talk about it and acknowledge we want to but actually making it happen is a different story as we are so restricted based on global processes
Barriers are put in place by company processes
For the most part I agree, however over the long term I think it would be better to more thoroughly integrate with the commercial team.
The organisation should place stronger emphasis and shift its focus to access from traditional commercial and marketing efforts. CFT and senior leadership should appreciate the importance and complexity of access, and have good foundational knowledge around access across different market archetypes (HTA and self-pay), which would help facilitate CFT efforts in enhancing access. At the same time, CFT and senior leadership should empower Access teams in fulfilling their roles and responsibilities (and resource accordingly), instead of creating additional teams and workstreams that are not familiar with the access environment and market dynamics
Too much admin tasks takes time away from customers
Many work has increased in last few months
Hard to tell. There are dozens open project for improvement and automation, however there is no transparency, so as P3 in BSC finance i do not have visibility on what is going on and what is the plan for MSD after the organon spin off date
team dynamics are good and we constantly try to find new ways to collaborate better and be more efficient as a group
GSM Procurement has a long way to go in removing barriers - changing people's mindsets is proving difficult in the current environment.
Try to find new way to operate
Limiting to 12 customer engagements a year, is not in alignment with other companies
could be better with improving timely responses for working together to make the group's ways of working more efficiently.
In this last year, I had the opportunity to be a part of the V59X and MK-7110 programs. These programs showed me that there are really are no barriers when a team is united in its mission to save and improve lives. These barriers appear when we stray away from our company's mission and lose sight of the big picture of patient health.
With the pandemic, Merck has been slow to adopt multiple platforms online. Also, some of our competitors have been more innovative and have done some above and beyond things that we have not been able to do because of compliance
Technology continues to be a problem.  It slows down our work to not have adequate technology for our business use.  On the vaccine team, our ipad pros are old and “buggy” and with the detail included in our media, the screens are far too small.  Additionally, it would be much more efficient to have laptops for use of MS office software instead of the apps which do not have the full functionality.
Some resistance to change, but overall, department is looking for new and innovative ways of working
We try but there are still factors holding us back.
Yes.  But also a lot of initiatives that can take away people's time.
Too much duplication of data entry required.  Systems do not link or "talk" to each other.  This is a waste of time and distracts from getting work done
Most notable are the barriers caused by IT issues. There are many.
Unable to have lunches for more than 25 virtually limits our ability to do our job.  There are so many barriers that it is practically impossible to support our customers.
Our company does not believe in promoting people (and they've said so). Instead they expand your job functions and maintain your old title and compensation.
Rules are over the top
I feel the the OMC has been evolving these past few years more then ever.  I mean in the sense where we all are questioning the work we have done for years the same way and challenging things to see if there is a way to "GROW", which has lead to many time saving improvements.  Such as the bot process for indirect customer's expired return checking.  That alone saves the Returns steward 6 hours a week from just ending manual manipulation of data.
I don't find logic in some decisions that are made, they are confusing
Opportunities are being removed with compliant rules.  Makes everyone’s job harder in the field.
Our Leadership Team works hard to remove barriers with our departments and within the department. Are we perfect yet? No, but we all work on it and personally I reward inclusive behavior in my team
not so much any more.  our role has become incredibly adminstrative.
One of the biggest barriers to do our work is unnecessary meetings. There are loads of meetings with no clear purpose. Endless talking and little doing.
Teamwork and best practices are the keys
Management is open to feedback and my manager in particular responds immediately to any issues/roadblocks I may face in my job
Too many unnecessary teleconferences to be able to be productive at our jobs
Could be better for some field activities. Our competitotrs use Zoom, can do group lunch, etc.
I think the Oncology team does a great job at listening to feedback and pushing for barrier removals. However, compliance has really made it difficult to perform our job and continues to put barriers in place to block our effectiveness (RAT tool, FFM limit policy, MMF live restrictions, vPDG technical limitations etc.)
I think our department does what they can, but maybe the size of Merck and the regulatory nature of our business adds considerable red tape to even the simplest of tasks.  We do not move quickly and rely too heavily on many layers of approval.  There is rarely an instance of decentralized command assigned to the departmental level.
"leadership at every level" has not progressed with the speed/success I would have anticipated. I feel this is because of the time required to shift a longstanding culture (part of this is building an ownership culture in managers and functional SMEs) and that part of the business still requires a very "top down" approach (people have trouble separating when it is needed and when perhaps not).
MSD have rule and tools that obstruct our work so much
Good tier escalation structure, however, procedurally things can be slow.
We have many well intentioned policies and procedures, that do slow down our work. Our department also has a contentious relationship with GSA.  This slows down our work a great deal.
We add a lot of bureaucracy and non-value added changes to our daily work.   A lot of it is under the guise of quality, but are above and beyond customer/FDA requirements and without regard to cost.  For example, we now are wearing hairnets and beard nets in unclassified space.  There are numerous examples that apply in the "change control" space.
Company´s priorities have not slowed down, we are still at full speed despite the current working situatio
Here are some examples: why not put the coronavirus tracker on an internal website we can visit each week instead of having to download a new excel spreadsheet every week? Why limit the number of resources we can order from Rome?
We are a small site and often it is difficult to remove barriers due to many responsibilities each has to perform, unlike larger sites have more support structure to help.
Restrictions are added with every passing months making customer engaging activities /promotional activities more and more difficult . Consequence management puts all responsibilities on front line people for any possible human error .
Too many reporting systems
We work to remove barriers to get work done but given that we are not always privy to all the information and decisions need to be made by the US team that are not always communicated to us, the opportunity to remove barriers becomes very challenging
More to do here. 50% of time is spent navigating MSD systems rather than executing.
My department facilitates open conversation that encourages innovation and new ways of working to improve existing processes. However, depending on the process and/or chain of command, there is a lot of "red tape" and meetings to prepare for meetings that are inputs to other meetings. We are not necessarily encouraged to make decisions as the team that is closest to the project and has the most information, which is an unfortunate change from last year's mentality. Additionally, fruitful communication can often be a challenge - inclusivity barriers are still present in the sense that people talk over each other consistently (especially men talking over women), which leaves many feeling frustrated and unheard.
It seems we continue to add more barriers to work, in the name of compliance. Compliance is an important issue, that should be a priority in our jobs, but it should not be restrictive for the sake of restriction. Between the RAT and the new compliance rules for FFMs and MMFs, it almost seems that there is not enough work for the number of people employed. It feels very disempowering. There has to be a middle ground to ensure we are doing the right thing and are empowered to do our job.
There are quite a lot of barriers but prudent and rational approach of our team supported by senior managements helps on improving that.
Marketing never listens to feedback already made their decisions if or before they ask for feedback
It seems we are doing so much prioritization, and re-prioritization and while all of that is happening, the work is growing and not getting de-prioritized.
Sometimes, getting into too details of the technical aspects work against the goal itself. It is great to be detail oriented, but sticking to such irrelevant details without considering the purpose of the project is not a gain and adversely affect project timeline and resources.
In general, there is a focus and effort on removing barriers (e.g. standardized work, data access/digitization, and improved expectations fit governance/tech reviews) however there seems to be little focus on the distribution presented by staff resourcing shifts. A general complaint within the group is the lack of depth of some team members due to their constant flux between programs. This creates an environment of constant onboarding and (at best) distracts from the larger program goal or (at worst) slows down deliverables. Not to mention the resource load it puts on the more experienced team members in the short term.
We still have all the politics.  Things we have to do that are unnecessary.  We have a launch going on now.  All other things should stop to focus on a successful launch
It could be better. The changes that are needed could come quicker.
There are actually many barriers being set up to slow down our work, unnecessary paperwork and administrative tasks. Tasks that are redundant are being done despite digitization has taken over
the intent is there but the actual actions / decisions taken had not been consistent
I think they try at least.
A lot of busy work is being added to tasks with the implementation of new systems and processes.
Even in the wake of the pandemic, work did not slow down. There was no defined assistance for working parents with school-aged children at home that helped in slowing the work down. Rather, it just got busier and expectations grew bigger.
Reporting manager gives vague direction, still need plenty of guidance from his immediate team
My department does everything possible to remove barriers that can seem significant at times.
Our department has little control over removing barriers as multiple above site groups are expanding and are pushing down demands onto the site that are almost impossible to achieve in a timely manner. Coming from multiple direction at once. Creating too much churn and too many complex changes in a short period of time with not enough time factored in for training or acclimation. This is having a negative impact on the day to day activities at the site.
In a virtual sales world we need to get better at resources for customers. For example, emails that communicate what our product and/or tumors are to obtain appointments.
We are a company that was acquired by Merck and it seems like when changes are made the communication change is lacking.  For example, we are currently in the process of changing the way that MSD and MAHI entities report intercompany sales.  We were not given the necessary training in order for this to be smooth process.  Also the communication when received used MSD jargon and acronyms that we were unfamiliar since we were purchases by Merck with therefore it made it hard to cypher out what was expected.
It feels as if we have many interior barriers right now.  Most recently, the limit of 12 lunches per year with providers regardless of the dollar amount or division of merck. In oncology, we have to be in front of those who will allow us. We also overlap with multiple hospital teams in many of these accounts on top of our existing oncology teams.  Another barrier to planning is the timing of the RAT tool. This needs to be updated on Thursdays or at the very least, Fri mornings to allow us to plan for our Monday events and contact the office. Many offices are closed on Fri afternoons.
We do need to learn to become more agile and work to improve and speed up our compliance processes.
Working towards doing this,still have a long way to go
We should dedicate more efforts to eliminate administrative burden, working outside the systems. We should push harder to make global systems serve us and not vice versa (for ex. Workday).
Internal competition, Hierarchy and lack of empowerment are adding barriers
With all the recent updates to processes and procedures, CRAs seem to be the ones impacted most and given even more admin tasks to do on top of the huge workload that already exists as part of the role. The CTCs do not seem to be utilised sufficiently.
Yes we are removing barriers and challenges in our daily basis, a huge internal and external barriers and processes with limited resources and limited support from functional support and some regional functional support involved in processes
Merck has taken away multiple options for reps to utilize to meet with their providers. My region specifically has taken away janumet and I had 3 offices yesterday that would only take janumet, and now I have less interactions
We try, but we always face some procedures that we cannot change and they are not under our control. Such as:  1) procedures to open and close Small Meetings which take more than 4 hours to finish and there is nothing we can do about it. 2) Interface of Small meetings: we receive a lot of complains of customers because they need to fulfill a register on MSD Saúde and take around 10 minutes to make it. We need a friendly and easier interface such as our multinacional competitors have. Otherwise, we will not be able to make the HCPs feel attracted to enjoy in our Small Meetings.
OVERLAPPING and REDUNDANT TEMPLATES instead of UTILIZING the features of EXISTING Veeva system. We have approximately 10-15 templates that needs to be accomplished on a weekly basis.  I have always thought that our company aims to simplify processes, thus field force will be more efficient in accomplishing tasks and focused on engaging our customers.  HARASSING people to deliver administrative tasks during weekends, late night and even while on medical leave.  A certain Senior District Manager from our department is very rude and usually uses VULGAR words to MALIGN an employee. He does this often as a joke in a group or as a way to reprimand.  Feedbacks are not being VALUED. We were not asked for our feedback for the year 2020. There is no shared leadership in our Business Unit. Decision making is confined to the “CORE GROUP” Which they created. They don’t consult us before arriving at a decision and when asked to compromise, they firmly said “The CORE GROUP has already made a decision
We don’t have enough internal support and systems are antiquated
I don't think this is the fault of my managers or their managers. The issues that have come up have been infrastructure and committee related ones.
there are Many Many hrdles we overcome at BCG on a daily basis
Being an OSR makes this a difficult question to answer
Feels lately that rather than taking steps to be “the world’s best oncology sales force”, that we are working hard to handcuff ourselves and limit our opportunities in the spirit of being “the world’s most compliance-burdened sales force”.  These are self-inflicted wounds as we were working compliantly before.  Now, we are cancelling appointments and walking away from sales opportunities due to the 12/year rules and compliance restrictions put in place.  Meanwhile, our competition is taking our share and winning the relationship battle.
Sometimes this is true. At other times it is not. Merck policies have acted as a “roadblock” for relevant community engagement and participation. This is in stark contrast to our competitors, oftentimes.
Getting funding for capital purchases can be challenging at times.
Too many teleconferences, too many assignments from committees
Internally my department we overcome barriers. Outside our department there are much larger and it causes slow down or having to work extra hours
There are too many layers and redundancies in oncology, with competing priorities that vary depending on which sleeve an OSR or CTL falls under. This results in team work becoming more challenging and we are losing sight of what is best for patients and the caregivers and HCPs who help them. The current model has reached a pressure point that even territories where reps used to work collaboratively are now making decisions based on what their CTL/DCO are asking - not looking at an an overall approach to the brand and above brand initiatives.
Way too many meetings in this virtual environment and not enough "power" to decline them.
By definition, being compliant adds too many barriers.
This is true for things that are directly controlled by my department.  However, infrastructure type barriers (IT, purchasing, etc.) barriers continue to waste a lot of time,
Not able to use a thumb drive in our Merck computer makes it hard to use the computer out in the field.
The amount of PRT time is our largest barrier and it keeps getting reduced, slowing down the rate at which we can get resources approved in a traditional PRT which is still needed since not all resources go through DETs
Typically deviations result in additional non-value added work with second person verifications, checks, etc.
Ineffective, and unwarranted QA changes during this year of COVID, dramatically reduced department productivity and increased error rate due to unfamiliarity with the constantly changing processes.
I don’t think my department has the authority to remove the barriers that slow down our work
The requirement to have 4 years experience as operations managers creates barriers. There are specialists managing shifts who don't have access to certain things required to do their job.
No, reps voices are not well received despite having the best knowledge in the field. Company invested in programme wanting to be aligned with advancing technologies but do not cater to the needs of a specified portion of population who required the programme assistance the most. Rep feedback was not even taken into consideration when action was made to digitalise  the whole programme.
It feels like there are a lot of headquarter-driven "projects" and process "improvements" (which don't appear to improve the end user experience, but allow for data analytics) that result in administrative work. I feel like we have crossed a threshold where we are measuring things for the sake of measuring things and "nice to know" information.
When the business does not accept the advice of the legal and compliance team, they label the team as a barrier that slows them down,   Further, when the business does not accept the advice of the legal and compliance team, alternative options that are compliant are explored, but as you may appreciate, which may take time to evaluate.  The business associate this process as a barrier that slows down work.
Operational requirements seem overly burdensome, and budget tracking systems are hard to navigate.
Too many different sites to go to in order to get customers updated within Veeva. We are the opposite of agile in the Field because of it.
Stress management and work distribution
Check in on different teams' culture, as there are big differences in culture and inclusion between teams.
Be seen as a leader in reducing waste, plastic and environmental impact.
1. Review the organisational structure at a site and regional level to determine if there are synergies at middle management levels as well as role sharing 2. Improve IT software integration to improve efficiency of data analytics 3. Introduce electronic Batch Records to enable our quality organisation to work on more value adding activities. 4. Introduce an alternative product cost model (blended) that allows smaller sites to produce for local/regional/global markets, and avoid the commercial organistaion from shopping for the "best" deal. View all manufacturing sites as a single entity/portfolio. 5. Invest in MPS skills within the R&D organisation to increase speed and quality of new products to market 6. Increase people development with more short/mid term assignments of manufacturing people between sites.
Align Salaries to those in Capital Cities to help attract the highest level of talent and retain people that otherwise look to move to other opportunities with significantly higher salaries.
We should be fully embracing our Ways of Working, especially with regards to "From Controlling to Empowering", some of the decision made recently seem to be more focused on Control and less on Empowering, which is very disappointing
Ensuring there are resources, including people, to deliver on the mission
Remove artificial internal barriers between oncology business and rest of MSD
Employment of people who are committed and passionate about deliveromg our vision and mission.
1. Foster a culture of trust and empowerment. We appear  to be moving to a culture of measurements by metrics which are often unrealistic and instills fear.  2.Improve our wages. Its not good enough to aim at the median in terms of benefits. If you want mediocrity the current policy is fine but does not work if you want to be the best employer and retain the best staff.
Venture into other Therapeutic Area or increase the portfolio of Vaccine.
exploring alternatives in support of new ways of working. exploring the option and feasibility of allowing employees to work from home or have flexible work hours even after the pandemic. Learning from outside of just the pharma industry. emphasizing and driving the importance of work life balance, mental health, cultivating resilience across the whole company espcially the manufacturing and shopfloor folks and it should start from the leaders.
simplified the organozaiton structure and more delegation of decision making and approval
Provide reasonable support for working from home  such as ergonomically friendly furniture , monitor and keyboard in times of BCP or pandemic. People friendly environment where i can get back to work.  Flexible option on how i choose to work to deliver effectively and efficiently on all the company priorities and mission.
Stronger guidance on how to manage personal and professional lives - especially now with all the benefits of remote working also comes the overlap into personal time with longer hours being spent on work. Also how to provide some certainty or security amidst an ongoing climate of uncertainty and instability.
MSD is quite care about the employees which is good and need to be maintained, but maybe should try to balance the life and work of employee to improve the employee satisfaction.  MSD is god at talent developmenet and should be continued.
Unify Buisiness units
Encourage safe to speak and work for the common good. Embody and practise inclusion and ways of working.  Some may take these as just mouthpiece but it is not supposed to be. Provide the managers with the resources to better themselves and develop their team. With the hybrid working mode, many felt that the lines between work and life are blurred. It is time to bring back good meeting practices - avoid lunch hour meeting just because (everyone should be available to "eat" at their desk at home or office) and Friday afternoon. We had these before but it all seems to be forgotten. It is even more important remind each other to avoid covid burnout and webex fatigue. Relook how the pharmaceutical industry changes affect those at the lower level. We all wanted to do more with less, but are we doing with alot alot more with a lot less. What other resources are need - I think sometime IT may need upgrading to enable doing more with less? Or the systems or practices are just antiquated?
Ensure Mass comminication emails are not large in size Ensure bulk sent emails are being sent to the correct people
reduce unnecessary paperwork/procedures/legal strict guidance. Realistic-leaders from management
We need flexibility mind and Compliance.
Simplification of processes, if possible without compromising on quality.
Work and personal life balance.
If you will look at it almost what you ask for a company is already with Merck and MSD. Fair compensation, taking care of their employees and also looking after the welfare of our company. How much more they take care of their patients and full filling their mission to help, provide cure and prevent fatal illness. Let's us just continue working together regardless what you're position is we can all contribute to the company to full fill our responsibilities to the world of medicines.
1. To Let Employees back to workplace again. 2. To Introduce more Financial Benefits for Employees of lower bands(eg : To grant  RSU'S, stock options /Employee Stock purchase Plans etc on annual/semi annual basis). 3. To Provide Clear Guidance on Travel movements and Restrictions for country specific
Revisit the processes, how to improve it to make more efficient and simplified employee's work
Simplify number of IT systems used
Assess employees workload given the new normal. Look for ways to stream line some processes
More elaboration on the information/details on the directions for the teams from the leadership team
Transparency, Understanding and 2 ways effective communications with mutual respect
Focus on the people.
More empathy to understand employees and "truly" listen.  Allow employees to feel safe to share their voices and not afraid of to be judged.  Current status of MSD, most employees prefer not to comment.  Silent doesn't means they are happy, it only shows they have given up the effort to feedback/share since nothing will be improved after risking to feedback truthfully.  We know company is accountable to financial report, upper management, shareholders, but equally, ground employees are the base keeping operations/business going.  It is sad seeing more and more people leaving MSD.
Devise ways to build agility within the company so that MSD could respond to the external environmental more effectively, starting with alignment across divisions and departments, clear implementation plans with RACI defined and assignment of accountability for execution and R.O.I.
Establish program and provide more career progression opportunity for younger staff.
Focus on objectives
COVID situation is very stress and very  very scary for me.I' d like to spend safety every day. So The Diversity of Merk and MSD is very great,but I want to recognize more variety working(stay home),and ways of thinking.
understand the different situations in every territory / area, since every territory are not the same and are always in different situations.
Merck and MSD prioritize people as their human resources, by paying attention to the welfare and health of their employees. And as a place to learn in improving various skills at work
Trying to streamline the process is a good thing, but thinking that once improve the process could reduce the manpower, may not be the fact. Since we are not robot, we need to build up our knowledge and take time to master all the policies and requirement. Not just complete the tasks.
Simplify the reimbursement process
Workload planning. Some positions are restructured and workload is shifted to other functions expecting the existing functions to continue absorbing without additional resources allocated. This impacts work-life balance of the employees.
I think some process need improvement, so it can take less time to resolve problems
We try never to forget that medicine is for the people. It is not for the profits. The profits follow, and if we have remembered that, they have never failed to appear. The better we have remembered it, the larger they have been.  We seem to have forgotten!
provide sufficient resources as there is no work life balance currently
Please allow employees to take more wellness leaves. In APAC region we have very few annual leaves and sick leaves require you to submit medical certificate from doctor. There are often times when one is feeling tired out from all of the pandemic stress, extended work hours from supporting global projects, family/child care and wants to get some rest. Why not convert sick leaves to wellness leaves considering the stressful times we are in and allow employees to leverage a few days off without having to dip into our own limited Annual leaves?
Policy related to employee benefit/well-being should be “mandatory and universal” as company level instead of leave space for local market to interpret; otherwise employees in small markets tend not to recevie the same level of benefit as those in large markets.  Recently announed policy of maternity leave is one of good example here, before which marktes with poor labor regulation never have the rights they deserved as others. Other areas to be improrved incude severane pay, flexiblility of working location, work-from-home..etc where I still see huge gap between markets.  Severance pay in terms of monthy salary vary among markets, which employees in some country recevied less than half compentaion compared to other countries in similar stituaitons. (eg. FOM) Employees in Asia may travel two hours one way to office every day without any flexiblility of work-from-home. Even a one day per week work-from-home option can signifcantly improve their work-life-balance by reducing commute time
Need to focus more on the team building approaches and to make everyone feeling better by making them equal responsible for all the tasks. Culture foundation for teams are most important thing to bring success for business.
Continue to listen to employees and actively communicate what is being done to address any concerns.
always listen to your people on what on their minds and feel free to ask them what are their struggles during this time of pandemic
Increase employee compensation and benefits, because China’s rapid economic development, the existing compensation benefits are not enough to compete.
Need to support the Employee during these tough time, understand the real challenges faced by employee in day to day operation & try to find out the possible way to overcome these challenges.
MSD needs to address the compensation packages for employees, also to be more aware of how things like this are communicated to the wider team. Recent announcements have been very badly communicated
Jab security is the most important at this point of time a specially for CVM .
Further improvement of employee benefits and external tarining.
1) employees are the strength to MSD train that 2)Need more new products. 3) team building activities are very important
Kindly specify what new pipeline coming in organisation
We should try to streamline the reporting structure to maximize the cross functional collaboration.
Keeping staff motivated and engaged - Frequent townhall meetings sharing and reminding company's goals/objectives/pipeline - continue workplace flexibility - continue Yarn sessions (patient/success stories)
Continue to help the community with innovative products
- Provide incentive / assistance whenever employee would like to relocate to a region where there is a business need. - Increase salary to meet market expectations. - Promote voluntary work.
it would be better if the company can provide more opportunity of employer training.  it would be better if employers can have more opportunity for free talk about company's developments.
Kindly provide travel safety for field colleague
Make sure the mission is same in every country.
Should have more open system of communication both ways.
Need new products for future growth
Work with positivity
Manage our HCP is new way so that our productive improve
1. Engage with leaders to avoid imposing unrelated job roles to others. 2. Recognise employee's efforts done by the employee for the company with reasonable salaries.
Overall, MSD is a great place to work. Yet, at this moment in time there are some challenges. I have many years of experience and well-developed transferable skill sets that I am not using (or my role has changed so that they are no longer in demand in the role). I would like to see a responsive 'gig' type arrangement where you could flex into another role for, perhaps, one day a week. Or, more opportunity for those other skills sets to be accessed for short term projects. I have a lot to offer, but, lately, it seems that my value is not appreciated or understood.
1. We need some more products before the Januvia loss of exclusivity (patent expiring in mid 2022).
should continue with communicating with MSDians, keep transparency,
Understand the impacts of excellent health on the effectiveness of our medicines and market healthy living with our medicines.
Consider team staff development, which may maintain more experienced staff.
simplify process , dont make simple things complicated
build "silos to networks" culture.
Going back to "medicines are for the people, profits will follow".  The leaders should be cognizant of what is happening in the market and the real pulse of the customers in order to make decisions that will not just benefit a few.
promote work life balancing
HR policies and employee benefits need to be revised like other global companies.
Merck and MSD should work to introduce innovative products in market
Increase their commission component. Send out letters regarding pay increases etc
to stay focus on the top priorities instead of having too many priorities at the sametimes.
Train our managers how to appreciate efficient work and train them how to simplify the things, make sure company has enough resources to avoid stress at work.
Get rid of people that bully. That would be a great first step.
İ trust my company , ihope to wrok a long time in the msd.
THERE SHOULD NOT BE RETALIATION AGAINST PEOPLE WHO SPEAK UP  PEOPLE SHOULD BE TREATED WITH RESPECT AND DIGNITY THERE SHOULD BE NO DISCRIMINATION AGAINST EMPLOYEES COMPLIANCE SHOULD RESPOND TO EMPLOYEES MAILS EMPLOYEES SHOULD BE HEARD AND NATURAL JUSTICE SHOULD PREVAIL
Look at workload and hence pressures people are under.  People are starting to show physical signs of stress, as they are asked to go above and beyond continuously.
To involve person who have various backgrounds as managers and senior managements.
Better clarity on developmental opportunities. Listen to employees more often.
More CapEx spending on things that will improve efficiency and reduce manual handling/eliminate safety hazards. It frustrates me that we have a focus on reducing the cost of goods (i.e. procure raw materials of a lesser quality because they are cheaper), however the flow-on effect of this means that there are unseen costs (increased inspection levels + time spent on Deviations). I believe reinstating the 'Right First Time' principle would be of significant benefit to our company. I do believe our company has made many fantastic improvements/changes in the HR area, and I feel strongly about continuing to offer employees the option of working from home wherever possible. It has been wonderful to see the casual workforce reduced (more employees offered permanent roles); it would be wonderful to see this continued as much as possible for roles that are not genuinely casual in nature.
Put the right people in the right jobs. Senior management are in the detail and not leading the site strategically. We are really  under resourced and stressed. Accidents will happen. People will resign. This cannot go on.
Flexibility (in regards to working location either in home country or other country)
Redistribue FTE in between departments. Benchmark on other companies where taskforces are someTimes double
Have a good balance between home work and working at site for office personell.
Keep up the good work, promoting healthy work/life balance, flexible arrangements, promoting diversion and inclusion, and removing any barriers to sharing your own opinion. This all leads to greater engagement and commitment from everyone to deliver on our mission. I believe the company is doing a good job. However, this must be constantly promoted to strengthen the culture or all work can easily get lost.
Making 80% work option also for leadership positions
Continue CSER programs and a review on employee welfare e.g. access to vaccines and access to drugs after Organon spin off.
Keep and emphasize the flexibility and appreciation on both ways; MSD to employee and employee to MSD Keeping the high compliance standard to protect our good reputation Each and everybody shall be held fully accountable and behave and act as MSD would be our own company Leaders to stay approachable and open to new ideas
Increase leadership and associate connect, invest more in people development, modernize HR policies at all locations,  empower people manager at all levels and train all people managers to drive culture change with same passion across organization
1) To develop and promote new innovative products 2) To provide emploees's developing and an oportunites of bilding a career 3) To create and support divercity and inclusion working environment
Willing to encourage experiment with uncertainty
Long-term business strategies and quick reaction to changes.
Decision making lower in the organisation; less bureaucracy; provide opportunities for all people not just for the people who are considered talents / stars.
Make sure that we don´t stop by TALKING and promoting issues like diversity and inclusion internally and externally - we need to LIVE and do it also. It is demotivating to read at Linkedin how good we are, when it doesn´t always fit reality. We have local examples on how it is not possible to work part time if you have a disease, because the system and calculation of headcounts doesn´t support that. When you have "lost" a dear colleague with a chronic disease not able to work full time, it is demotivating to read at Linkedin that you are also welcome if you are disabled. Of course everyone should be welcome also in reality. We need to walk the talk so to say ;-)
Engagement of managers in actively supporting the growth of their employees, even if this means they leave the team or perhaps even company. I feel many managers are reluctant to provide the extra resources employees may need to grow outside of their current role, instead limiting them in their options.
Please listen to the employee's comment but not just brush it away with the top management KPI. Do something that is meaningful to the patients but not the things that is meaningful to the management's KPI. Be considerate to our customers. At the end of the day, we work as a team with the customers but not to always let the customers to tolerate us and keep on press on them because we need to fulfill company's KPI.
Remove business processes that only frustrates people and makes work difficult. Improve QMS, introduce useful digital solutions, not software that makes work harder. Introduce LEAN in MMD, at all levels there is a big lack of LEAN mindset.
New product innovations,
I doubt that MSD is a company that allows its people to develop. MSD's leadership should move from favoritism to meritocracy,  if they are interested in the company's working capital. Monthly 121 with the line managers that are used just for the discussion of the last year's leave balance and the timely spend of the current year's leave balance do not give the slightest feedback to the employees and are not leadership.
More transparency to MRL employees on product pipeline obviously respecting confidentiality
Help people to see/find their career path within the company and support their growth.
experienced leaders is recommended and that they are prepared for challenges in departments
I think it already is a great place to work
Demonstrate transparency. Lead by example. Evaluate, communicate and showcase progress on adoption of Ways of Working. Ensure objectivity and transparency in performance evaluation process and objective setting.
Continue focusing on TAs of greatest unmet needs. We may need to optimize communication channels/training. That's overwhelming.
Although MSD is a global company it is sometime difficult to adapt the same ways of working to each country. In this regard, SLs sometimes think that other companies have more capacity to decide at a country level which is helpful for them. On the other hand, I really appreciate how the company is invested in the well being of the employees, the quick and transparent way in which information is provided and I also think that the scientific training is excellent.
Oh my god... Just ask yourself, what should we do for the employees a three quarter years ago. And start proactively executing it. React on all the data you already have, and finally GO BEYOND your shadow to try to: * provide superior support for people at home (so we have the equipment (that's sitting unused in our buildings), and feel that company cares) * do whatever you can do to allow people to meet again (get someone COMPETENT who can think outside the box of regulations... It's not only about security measures, but about that teams need to meet. Creative teams need to work together. Are you solving that? Is there a strategy or plan that is being executed already? If not, it's too late and the company will suffer by poor results of such teams due to remote work.)
It seems sometimes hard to wallk the talk in real life: we do get encouraging -and well intended- messages from senior leadership to truly take good care of our physical and mental health, yet only to experience later that all business objectives (and beyond, given the Organon spin off support that is ongoing) even more than that) still need to be met. Taking a holiday feels like punishing yourself.  There is consensus, which is appreciated!- to focus on the absolute business priorities, but in reality all of the ongoing support still needs to be delivered.
Talent review, Good Feedback system, proper Job Training, possible development opportunities to right people
The company needs to be more geographically diverse.  It is extremely US East coast centric
support flexible work arrangements not only on paper
Simplify processes, as they are becoming more and more complex and without knowing the reasons why. To work more for tthe "outside" (patients, payors, customers, scientific leaders) and much less to our internal activities and processes. To improve our freedom to express our different perspectives, To reduce the company risk aversion: without risk there is no true disruptinve innovation, and the company does not proviide the adequate environment to allow risks and to do things differently without making excessive efforts
Reduce unnecessary bureaucracy and stop planning aggressive timelines for project deliveries, beyond the team capacity.
motivate employees to share common goals - make sure everybody has a vision trying to achieve and everyone is aligned on what is important and is not afraid/blocked to achieve that.
I think MSD is doing the best they can during COVID and the Leadership team has worked really hard in Brinny to make us feel safe and secure.
Constantly improve technology and eliminate inefficient legacy procedures to use available resources in most efficient way
I feel very strongly about Sustainability so the challenge is to get get all department mangers to make Sustainability a priority and have the resources and funding available to implement the changes necessary to improve all aspects of Sustainability across the network. There are so many changes that can be easily implemented to improve the sustainability of MSD.
I think department and personal accountability should be emphasized more and more visible. Frustration can arise from lack of, perceived lack of accountability and culpability.
Really evaluate some managers to suppress the culture of cronyism
Listen to frontline staff to understand their obstacles on daily operation. Set up platform to let frontline staff to understand and involve on some critical decisions.
Ukraine: a) regular assessment the trends of labor markets to keep MSD compensation package competitive. b) conduct office renovation during current lockdown to make the office "fully ready" for after Covid time. Region/Global: increase of MSD headcount vs FSP resources ratio.
Use the current situation to move forward as an organisation - there's too much of the 90's attitude still around especially in the larger franchises
Kindly lessen the field force also.
Flexible work arrangements - Home Office for those who prefers this
Change the current mindset to be more open and to more listen the field (Investigators, patients) Stop thinking that the Global knows everything... they sometimes are really far from the reality and do not consider that things could be differently
Hiring the right type of person is important so care is always needed here. Also delivering on NPI products that allow us to win and grow in markets to ensure success for the company. The right people combined with an innovative company always results in GPTW. Also post covid / living with covid its important to make social events happen
support home office on a worthy level - equipment, ergonomic chairs, good monitors
Do not limit new position candidates to specific countries only (if the work does not specifically require that)
Since MSD is focusing a lot on diversity I think they in this also could focus on employees who have been with the company for many years and contributed a lot and still will contribute eventough they are not consideres as high potential, everyone counts.
Keep focusing on development of Site culture. It is bearing dividends but needs funding secured and SLT sponsorship to build on great progress to date
MSD needs to take ethics complaints seriously and take swift action when investigating. There is a culture of fear and toxicity in the oncology TA with people afraid to speak up because they are fear retaliation or they see that speaking up makes no difference. It would be great to have the 'kind of culture where ideas are welcomed, where people feel supported and safe to challenge the status quo. We have great products and a great pipeline but can do more to invest in our single biggest resource, our people.
Benefits should be updated keeping in mind the home office set-up most of us are forced to do. the Wellness benefits should include also home office and fitness equipment, not just spas and massages. Especially since home office might be used in the future.
Pay more attention to work-life balance, with focus on appropriate resourcing so people don't feel obliged to put in hours outside of normal working hours (days of 12h work are not uncommon).
Live the diversity and inclusion policy not just use it as a tick box exercise on recruitment to be seen on global metrics. Cut out ageism and favouritism at it's core.  Work as a 'TEAM' not in Silo's within sites and departments.   Plan appropriately in advance.  Prepare for possible mitigating circumstances to occur. Currently the culture from my experience is to panic react. No root cause analysis. Placing band aids on symptoms instead of evaluating and implementing the correct actions to deal with the root cause. Plan to fail, fail to plan!  Give adequate and timely training.  Value each employee.  Give the opportunity to do a days work with some time to think clearly. Not work at 120% capacity permanently.
Empower the frontline workers more. So much in this company is governed centrally which does not make us employees working in the markets feel empowered to make decisions and take initiatives on our own.
Be leaders in the blended workplace innovation and use of digital to improve processes. Reduce complexity of above site (QSIP) processes by accepting a small level of risk.
Offer a clear process for support of educational activities and personal development
Including MPS priorities in peoples personal development goals would help rapidly increase the MPS capabilities across the organization and would help improve MPS culture overall. This should lead to an increase in organizational improvements and efficiencies being realized.   I think it would be great from an inclusion perspective if we initiated a "have coffee with a colleague" mornings, whereby you would be matched with a colleague for a coffee. This can be done both in person and virtually. It helps people grow their networks and would help people feel more include in the Merck/MSD family network. A previous company I worked for had this and it worked really well. I increased my network significantly and was able to utilize these new connections to help me with some projects I was working on (people I met through the process also reached out to me for input on their projects). It also allows people to gain insight into areas of the business they may otherwise not have.
Global decisions and projects does not allow to have balance in work life and private.  Performance of decisions and projects are locally with limited resources.
Improve on the internal communication channels and practices. Unify the Merck and MSD brands and keep investing in promoting it.
Improve management with respect to growing resources and supporting growth
Breaking silos, innovative thinking - stretched mindset projecting the future, and increased anchoring and alignment across departments for projects (go/no go) which are parts of new ways of working and a changing culture together with a heavy and complex compliance and procurement process is perceived as a barrier for innovation and diversed thinking.
Make it easier to implement changes. We often think in impossibilities instead of possibilities. Out of the box thinking (especially with Quality related processes) is not encouraged.
there are so many great initiatives ongoing, but i have not had a chance to participate in any of them due to extreme workload. as an example the organon spin off-. when larger initiatives are initiated the company must allow additional resources to handle these. it has been extremely naive from the company that we should be able to manage this on top of an already stretched situation. personal development has also been put on hold for app 2 years now due to the workload. it is not a sustainable situation at all. the lack of assistant support is another issue that could easily solve some of the stress. So for me it is all about workload, and speed of change that is way too high for people to cope...
Allow people to work from anywhere. We have proved last year that we are doing a great job from home.
To be sure that each department and each role is meaningfully assigned and newcomers are well trained / educated on their job.
Keep the flexibility experiencing during Corona, let the people decide based on their work how they want to do home office and when.  Move Animal Health and Human Health closer together based on technologies/production process development
Continued break down of silos - all major initiatives need to have clear business highly visible sponsorship and this needs to be communicated to all levels to avoid duplication of work More flexible work arrangements
give the possibility to "talent "people to have a career plan
Improve work-life balance
Eliminate confusion by having clear ways of doing things that everybody can understand. I feel we have a huge amount of references and practices, yet there is confusion as to what we should be really doing sometimes.
Optimize internal procedures through better internal systems. Sometimes it is hard to find out where the problem is situated and who to contact to get the issue solved.
HOMEOFFICE FROM ABORAD (at employees discretion). After last challenging years it has been visible that we are able to deliver a great result despite the place in which we are. I ascertained an improvement on job/life balance and achievement of positive results by delivering a better organization and quality of the work.
More focus on teamwork. Training on teamwork like: feedback, working together, communication, roll development etc.
-encourage employees to take initiatives  -hire a diverse group of people -organize some more remote well-being and bias related trainings -in general it would be nice to organize some remote seminars/trainings in order to escape from the usual work routine for a while.
More support for staff required. Most staff in my site work way above their contracted hours which is completely unsustainable. This is clearly recognised as a problem as we've had lots of initiatives implemented such as reminding staff to take time out for lunch, but the root cause of the issue (too few staff, too much work) isn't being addressed.
A better Work/life balance
Sometimes I feel like "diversity of thought" that MSD talks about is more talk than action. Although I find myself in a majority in my market, I definitely think we could benefit from more minority voices.
Speak up. Customer focus.
Address work-life balance issues that have been brought up before.
Continue what we have done so far, I like the sharing approach we have implemented, a like the focus on being the best innovative company
I don't feel that the amazing values and great views of Ken Frazier are driven down thru the company into middle management. There are more mercenaries than missionaries in those roles unfortunately.
As a highly educated and skilled computer professional, it boggles my mind why I have the same limits on a PC as the secretary that has almost no computer skills at all. It takes weeks and weeks to solve small issues through the support that I am fully capable of solving myself. The strict Merck computer system has a high negative productivity impact on employees in positions similar to mine.
MSD should continue to allow remote working after COVID19 as it allows a much better work/life balance as it eliminates unnecessary commuting. I have performed my role as well for the last year as I did prior to COVID-19 while working remotely. I feel if this is not allowed people will leave MSD and move to companies where it is an option.
Continue to develop and support flexible ways of working so that the innovations introduced to enable us to work safely and successfully during a pandemic continue to support both colleagues and business needs as we return to normal post the Covid era.
Offer the flexibility to work from home part-time/full-time as a way of doing business, post COVID pandemic.
Ensure that all leaders, not just some, see people leadership as a fundamental of what they do and not just technical leadership. I think we need to do a resource review to ensure that we can manage the future workload or alternatively, prioritise where we are going to focus our resources.
Be more human and less dijital
It's already a great place to work but I think that could be also better in future
Develop its people, promote from within, meaningful salary incements, job titles etc
Enable training, development and career progression (both vertical and lateral moves across the business)
Employee Engagement; sincerely value employee's contribution specially at these difficult times.. Help employees to feel proud of what they do and connected to company
Lead the way for all blue chip companies based in Ireland (all pharma companies, facebook, google etc) and put in place paid parental leave and paternity leave policies that sets an example to show their commitment to the importance of home life for their workers to the rest of companies in Ireland.
Reorganize into business focus areas and operate in a One Merck manner, we're still too silo'd
Continue the work so far. Support volunteering even better.
Be clearer on our vision and strategy - at a global level, local level and team level - ensure leaders and managers are truly focused on this and empower teams to be creative/innovative and try things.  We have come some way on this but we tend to put in place leaders who are great specialists rather than leaders...we need leaders who are able to engage our teams, know how to make the best out of teams and trust them to deliver on the direction and vision
Really listen to the employees
Environmental sustainability. The amount of waste in Biopharma through single use plastics is getting increasingly harder to justify with climate change looming around the corner.
Please make any company changes or adaption in the light of our customer not only for streamlining our processes or getting more and more efficient.
Merck and MSD should look, check, test and measure if the company values like diversity, inclusion, none-discrimination are fully implemented during day to day work and if none-conscious bias could be eliminated to make the company great place to work and deliver on our mission.
There is alot of training and support on Compliance and ways of working but I do feel that pressure is put on to work outside of these guidelines. Highlighting compliance issues is not seen as acceptable
Need to speed up digitalization. Our computerized systems are not fit for purpose, with effect of having an impact on productivity and getting tasks completed both efficiently and effectively. One example of many I could give to drive home the point. Trackwise QSAT. Every 6 months, when the daylight saving time kicks in in Europe, trackwise QSAT gives an error meaning that I have to enter my login ID and password THREE times, every single time I need to login. The fix put forward by IT works, but then prevents you from accessing MIDAS R&D on the same system! So you have to reverse the fix on trackwise so you can use MIDAS. Countless tickets raised, not resolved.
Hire best managers for field or organize surveys with feedback of teams  increase wage
More opportunities to volunteer at a local level
more engage to the people who work inside, clear career path way to the employee especially for the promotion
I feel empowered but I see this being a major issue elsewhere in the company. Decision making is consensus based and people aren't making data-led decisions to move faster and focus in on the things that really count.
More resources since workload has increased since COVID.
Personal development/self-improvement, which focuses on building up my own awareness, knowledge and skills, as well as an overall sense of identity
Less bureaucracy. Dedicated personnel to perform the paperwork that I do only once or twice a year and takes too much time to find out how it should be done.  Structured exchange/availability of expertise and experience in order to avoid duplication, re-inventing the wheel.
Continue to work on simplification, standardization, challenging low value adding tasks, focus on value adding work, improving systems, optimizing processes, improve and shorten replacement and hiring process, enable gender equality in practice (not just in theory), reduce number of formal reviews, provide proper work from home equipment while covid lasts.
Value other cultures in their own country. Do not always think 'the American' way.
Take care about experience people at the company and keep salaries as competitive on the market. Also work from home should be better supported, after year we finally got a possibility to select something what will help us to create home office, but it is not enough in my personal opinion.
more work needs to be done to support meaningful work life balance. Its not good enough to leave decisions like these, pertaining to individuals unique circumstances, to be left to managers discretion. The company needs to take a more standardised position around work/life balance, flexible working patterns, support for females in the working environment.
A clearly defined strategy and also a defined career progression plan. Also more on investment in new technologies, use of AI / nano technologies, i do eel we are still a  bit of a dinosaur and that worries me.
Improve internal mobility exoerience, and how HR behave with people!
We can collaborate more across divisions and remove duplication
Take care of employees health in light of pandemic - support access to COVID vaccines for employees and families. Embrace new reality of working mostly from home for longer (forever?) Invest more in innovative solutions and technology
Consider remote working as a long term option for employees with childcare commitments or long commute time. Increase interaction between groups.
we need to deliver on the change needed for the New MSD (i.e. MSD post Organon spin); we can't afford to drift, we have to evolve but evolve at revolution pace; for too long we have talked about different operating models ...... where are these?
Make pay and benefits transparant Invest in IT infrastructure (better connectivity, faster computers, faster systems) Continue with work to remove complexity from internal processes (the purhcainsg process, capital investment process, hiring process,  Invest more in the next generation of leaders - promote people with potential faster - make development plans more central to career management
Support decision making and ownership on the workfloor
More resources where needed i.e. more people to get the job done. Often see the people who are in the roles being overworked and stressed as they don't have the personnel for support.
Rebalancing the number of changes that are being introduced at any single point in time.
Taking into consideration everybody in the company and everybody's input.
Walk the talk.
simplify workflow
1. Get ruthless with prioritisation of projects and initiatives.  2. Develop policies & procedures for remote working - reduce meeting madness/ back to back conference calls Monday to Friday leaves no time for actual work.  3. Have a weekly No-Meeting day, allow people to catch up and do actual work
More opportunities to female colleagues and cross functional also,
I work in MMD, so can only speak for this division. I feel that we have a serious issue of top down leadership, and in my experience where I see promotions, it seems to be weighted towards top-down 'doers' with specifically Red/Blue Disc profiles who work in silos and largely keep credit to themselves rather than people who have built coalitions and collaborated to achieve outcomes. This is very much counter to our stated values, and does not achieve the best results either - the employee moves on, other colleagues are left dealing with the processes they implemented in a silo.  We are a superb company, and we can be even better if we tackle this. I would propose that we a) do a survey of our overall DISC profile to highlight where we have gaps in Yellow/Green (particularly in our mid-management layer) so they can be made aware to avoid affinity bias and b) for new hires, do a disc analysis BEFORE hiring in order to ensure that this is also a factor during the hiring process.
Locally: In ADC at MSD Ballydine start by bringing in diversity in the management structure and eliminate same sex group think processes. Develop learning skills of the new lab analysts. They currently focus on tasks just to get the job done.
Work on development paths for people so we know better our common mission and personal priorities
Flatten hierarchy. Simplify decision making process. Reduce, simplify and harmonize GMP procedures. I understand that requirements of health authorities are increasing, but it is ineffective to conquer this by just introducing new procedures. Improve IT structure (network capacity, software, hardware) to facility new digital ways of working. Consider that increased compliance burdens require more headcount on shop floor level. Inequality of MMD and MRL in terms of salary as well as travel and training budget.
Actively supports diversity and inclusion. The leadership and managers should present tangible activity through which they demonstrate D&I. E.g. allocate budget to support EBRGs, take active part in some charity work, share stories and situation from the employees and how they tackled/helped tackle or would tackle injustice and any kind of "phobia" (e.g. homophobia) in the workplace.  Actively support D&I by encouraging people with disabilities to apply for a job in MSD/Merck. For example there is currently no disabled person working in Prague IT Hub and I doubt that they are not interested in working for such a great company.  Actively support reduction of the number of the meetings per day. It is not possible to sit on a meeting from 9 am till 5 pm and then finally make some time to do actual work.
Make systems simpler and less complicated, stream line activities, better use technology to do this eg barcode readers could be used for so much eg logging/receiving samples, recording data, printing labels
Not enough emphasis put on deliverables and having tangible goals outlined by your direct managers.  Not enough emphasis put on internal skills upgrade to ensure efficiencies.  Managers are too open to discuss personal opinions on individual team members to other team members who are on the same level creating an environment that encourages negativity between individuals rather than managing disputes amongst the team members by staying impartial and acting as a mediator as necessary.  Currently there is a tit for tat, gossip, and paranoia culture that has crept into the 'Team'. It has become a very uncomfortable place to work as this culture is now embedded into the team from the management down. Due to the lack of true management over the last few years, people are feeling insecure and being reactive to an ever increasing toxic situation thus creating cultures that would not be the norm.  There is a speak up culture being communicated, but when you speak up, it is not always heard.
Allow sufficient budget for resourcing and also need to change ethos from top down regarding the use of the word urgent - it is important that staff can switch off out of hours.
MSD is already an amazing place to work, there is not much to improve except for minor things not worth to mention. I honestly appreciate the outstanding support we all receive from MSD during these pandemic times.
Continue working as is
Ensure proper resourcing for future major projects to prevent employees from being overloaded with work and exposed to unhealthy levels of stress. I see that the double hatting concept that was a basis for the NewCo project has been adversely impacting the health of people in the company as it significantly disrupted the work/life balance. It is irresponsible to put people under that kind of stress during such a long period of time, and to not properly compensate people for all the additional work.
Maintain the focus on people
MSD always took the necessary steps to make the our company a great place and create a great culture   If I have to mention a step needs to be taken it will be amending the annual salary of the employees who are paid under the annual salary bracket of their titles
One of the most difficult aspects of work is that everyone seems hugely stretched with little "wiggle room".  Time is the most valuable commodity. An important consequence of this is that it is very difficult to find time to talk to colleagues with many knock on consequences, e.g., problems become crisis-management because they may have been missed or not addressed at an earlier timepoint.  Allowing people to have a little spare capacity should not be viewed as a bad thing and people should be working wisely and productively, not just being busy.
I think the company is focused on some profiles of employees and they forget about other roles having employees from class A and other employees considered as class B. The class B don’t have any opportunity to develop their skills and grow in this company. These kind of employees just receive orders and can’t express their opinions or views to make this company richer and variate.
The company should have done something different for year-end; for receiving outperformed rating, it was totally lost with the scorecard. I know this was Covid impacted but the company should have done better or different as this was not a normal year in any sense. The efforts put in during 2020 and the impact of such upheaval with covid, working from home, stress, etc. and for the company it was business as normal approach for year-end.  This has been totally demotivating.
To make sure there are right people at right place (especially at mid management level). Also try to eliminate fights between MMD sites and global decision as then we (employees) end up in the middle and it is not nice place to be in.
More focus on reward, recognition, pay and conditions including improved pension provision and share ownership incentives. Especially for employees in the lower and medium pay brackets - a leveling up from top to bottom making Merck a fairer place to work. Sustained focus to ensure equality of payment from a gender perspective. Opportunities for all and promotion on merit and ability, with a focus on dismissing previous relationships and associations when recruiting for internal positions - making Merck a fairer place to work.  Equal treatment for all rather than highlighting and picking out distinct groups - potentially highlighting differences and creating divisions.
As getting vaccinated against COVID-19 is being an issue in several countries, it would be great if MSD could arrange vaccination for their employees.
make agile working possible by stopping needless processes
continue the way you do and select strong leaders who naturally share MSD/Merck's values, who are inspiring and that everyone respect.
Build stronger teams that actually support each other and collaborate. Ensure that all members of leadership teams are great people managers that understand the value of diverse teams that compliment each other. Great people managers are always better leaders than managers that are purely specialists.
Better IT equipment and resolve IT issues more quickly . Adapt more quickly to Digital world
Further - genuine emphasis on better prioritisation. Learning and empowering to say 'no' more as a MSD culture to give more time for the really strategic projects that really, positively impact patients.
stop treating people who work from home as non contributors
Be more flexible to managing resources
Considering the current situation, the company's support for employees vaccination is important.
We do so much, so well, we are going through a very busy period - which is evidence of our shared success. I think we could help people switch off more and make time for themselves. However as we progress through the pandemic we will return people to the office space - that will naturally create that delineation between home and work again which will benefit a large cohort.   We can continue to upskill people in both our culture and MPS to continue to make our workplaces great places to be; yet efficient and even more productive focusing on the right work at the right time
Reduce work overload, more career progression opportunities
Merck principals, like Diversity and Inclusion, should apply to all departments in the business. Inclusion seems to be used to support management ideas but certain groups seem to be actively excluded
after the spin off procedures we need to know how the company will build the nearest future specially in low to middle income countries
The pandemic has changed the human life-style and employees have been working from home for more than a year. However, there is no change on employee benefit plan to cover the new needs. Office parking and gym memberships are sample of entitlements that least to be utilized nowadays. Perhaps our company can reevaluate our needs and react to the changes caused by pandemic.
A culture of being able to speak freely when you have a different opinion, especially an opinion that is different from the management, and the management is able to hear it without bias.
- Reduce the amount of compliance issues (eg creating a new supplier/vendor takes months!) - Reward and acknowledge work that maybe at first  glance is not part of the primary process however is needed and increases over time however for which no extra time/fte is provided (quality and SHE systems, managerial tasks (BBT, WOW, D&I etc). - Be more at the front site of supportive innovations: electronical signatures, ELN, one system for multiple tasks etc.
Dedicate more resource in some of the areas; stop/limit  Corp projects which creates a lot of work at the local market
Give Protection to msd employees from COVID-19 and help to employee for this pandemic
Start caring about people.
Dont forget that Merck and MSD is a global company operating in various regions and countries. Communications are very often US focused. Covid related benefits were introduced only in the US, and European countries often do not have sufficient P&L funding to secure these extra benefits - e.g. employees are not able to buy ergonomic chairs etc. Admit that the workload for many departments has been incredibly high due to Covid and Organon spin-off and do something real about it. Dont only tell the people to take good care of themselves if on the other hand they need to work 10 hours a day to deliver what is expected of them.
continue focusing on safety and security, both IT and facility management, and of course promote an inclusive and diverse employee treatment. Thank you
Beeing able to act more quickly in the market, not so compliance heavy. Respect not booking meetings after 16.00
Adopt a flexible Remote working model.   - It has been clearly proved during the pandemic that most of the employees are more productive and efficient while working from home, without the need to spend hours on commuting daily.   - Employees should be trusted more and they should be given more flexibility in terms of remote working, once we return in the office. So far there are no updates on this, while most of the biggest companies in the world already have a new policy in place for this.
focus more on clear promotional tracks of employees, add development aspects (active training) for establishing internal knowledge and not hire too much external consultants (or for support and development reasons).
Without traveling and office hours, people are loaded with more and more work. It's hard to enjoy this kind of life.  High workload adds stress to all levels. Less personal contact makes it hard to keep a good relationship with your manager and co-workers.  Where did the idea of personal development go? It's been years that someone was actually interested in supporting people to learn something that is not necessarily 100% related to the operational business. What kind of career can one expect at Merck. Is "performance" and "experience" still a factor for getting a promotion?  I feel that the gap between what's said in townhalls vs what's done in reality is growing. I am losing trust that managers actually mean what they say.
I think that one thing is how company locally acts today and the other is believe in bright future. Regarding future i am not sure that we have great pipeline, regarding acting locally - being agile is our priority, but instead of agility our agile brings new restrictions and complications. Medical is transforming and taking us the only source of information which is very humble as it is. Sometimes I feel the decisions of reorganizing are not thought threw and that brings kaos.
Workload for balance work and life.
With the majority of people working remotely, it would be good to see if there were additional structured and unstructured connections within  workgroups and between work groups. Also to continue to promote the mental health resources available.
Empower employees to act, value appropriately the level of know-how of the employees, support the employees during the pandemic state, better assist employees that need access to healthcare
Be more mindful and conscious of the workload given to employees...it's not sustainable from the employee's end; may just result to frequent turnovers..
Coaching of new employees in Career pathways in the company.
I am in a new area where it is very professional and I am very happy. This is unlike the previous area I worked which was linked to API/OSD manufacturing. Managers in the previous ADC work were seriously lacking professionalism and the skills of good management such as authenticity, emotional intelligence and gratitude.
Continue to respect the most valuable asset the company has - our staff! Continue to build a culture where it is safe to speak up and where no is not seen as a negative word, but rather a productive word.  There is much going on in the world and it is important that the business understands this and considers the priority of global roll outs.
Stop being so US focused, this company feels more Merck, less MSD.
Give an opportunity those forgien indian talants even had an qualification and experience especially in API-IPT 50 Tuas west drive singapore site. no opportunity was given for there career development.
Fill vacancies much much quicker
To define local processes and to build a stronger team cooperation
As we pivot to return to work on sites in many countries for all categories of employees later this year we need to keep the great ways of working we developed during forced work from home  and allow flexibility for people to work from home part of week but also be facilitated to work from site.  The options should not just be work from home or work on site, a blended option may be best approach and could be very productive.  Excluding people from sites and making personnel who work from home invisible in the organization could be a step backwards.  In interests of breaking down barriers perhaps everyone should get a desk and offices are not for one occupant but instead become collaboration spaces.
Keep D&I plan; Clear objectives of digital transformation with investments in the people; work balance.
Balance workload with people resources.
Keep focusing on the people
Company's pledge to hire black scientists alienates other under-represented minorities in science. It also gives the impression of reinforcing the stereotype of AAPI community as token minorities where they are taken for granted and their struggles are dismissed, even though AAPI has a large presence in the Merck/MSD community. The company's specific pledge has the danger of turning Merck's D&I initiative into a black and white issue. I highly support the initiative, however, there needs to be equally public, and strong support from the company for other minority groups.
Ensure mechanisms for work prioritization that focuses on critical activities and deprioritize activities with lesser value.
To ensure there are enough working resources to perform day-to-day activities
More meritocracy More serenity More listening Less stress
i have to say Merck is among the most inclusive companies i have worked at.  Patients in developing world have limited access to cutting edge treatments and i do not see anything that i have come across or that i am aware of -- in terms of Merck valuing lives of poor people who cannot afford latest medicines living in low income countries -- it would be good to see some of that change. i saw my aunt pass away from cancer and it just changed my view on "world's no. 1 oncology drug" and that patients half the world either didn't have access to the drug or could not afford it and it hit home a reality that i cannot shake off.  Thank you for the opportunity for providing this feedback.
Encourage people to have or be a mentor early in their career.
how to solve for current burn out / over working of employees? granted some of this is due to Organon spin, but we're losing headcount and may continue to lose headcount with additional Fortify projects and the work is not or is not proportionally reducing. we say we're concerned, but not a lot is being done.
Continue the focus on racial injustice and leading by example
Sensitize higher level management to have respect for the time and commitment it takes their employees to do "non strategic" work
Focus on inventing novel products that eliminate the burden of disease and work to get them to the people.  I'm not sure of the value of contributing/commenting on broad political issues.
There should be better coordination for high impact changes (such as new systems/overhaul of business processes) so that individuals are not overwhelmed with trying to learn multiple new items at the same time while still trying to progress the business.
Minimizing system processes for more efficient working/workflows
De-politicize leadership and focus on the business
Reorganize discovery chemistry. Bring in management with a track record that care and have confidence that they can get the job done.
More focus on the selection of middle managers and fight against nepotism. More emphasis on leadership behaviors and having the right values.
Continue to assess the challenges presented by the pandemic such as the restrictions the RAT places on representatives and the impact on our ability to meet our sales objectives based on these restrictions.
Focus on our core mission and not distract employees from our core purpose of saving and improving lives through our therapeutics and vaccines.
Regain its identity and have a clear vision that it is not driven by personal aspirations. Have a clear and transparent development path/program for all employees.
Prioritize the projects to match the resources.  There are too many priorities and sometimes conflicting projects to manage efficiently and within the current resources.
Put the resources in to make systems (particularly change control) easier to execute.  There is a lot of waste in this space since there isn't clear guidance and grey areas are defaulted to conservative.  Merck should create tracks of training for existing employees that lead to higher or different positions based on interest or ability/skill.
Remove barrier to innovative thinking with top down socialization and buy in vs convincing bottom up
Stay focused on the mission of bringing novel medications to patients with unmet medical needs, and resist the temptation to be culturally popular by using our clout for political expediency
Stop trying to push the politics of the day down on us everyday. It has created a divisive and scary work environment
Need to get more resources for the shop floor to complete the task.  currently it was short of men and all are over stressed by covid situation.
Provide incentives for teams, not individuals. Start embedding change, less pilots and more risk taking so we can be on par with our competitors
Closer observation of Managers who manage people is necessary to make sure that the people managers are practicing leadership that enhances and is aligned with MK philosophy; sometime the people managers are concerned with their own objectives and can diverge from best leadership practices.
Focus on diversity and inclusion
Other companies in the industry are will to embrace new technologies (ZOOM). Merck sits in the background and waits while others led. Merck is no longer a leader, this is unfortunate for what was once a great company. Once KEYTRUDA goes...this company's future is at risk, sadly.
I already think Merck is a great place to work ....I don't think further steps are needed.  As long as people feel valued, included and supported, and that their work matters and is recognized, we will make it through this and deliver on our mission
Use more common sense instead of "in" movements in the world :-)
prioritization.  There are so many projects that are being worked on that's not linked to each other in the spirit of agile.  Agile means you start with a strong strategy and roadmap.  Then identify any gaps from what we have and need.  Taking a small piece of that as a MVP but still linked to the overarching strategy.  Right now, we focus on quantity rather than quality.  There should be balance.   In addition there is a disparity in salary and title between Global and US.  as well as in newly hired verses existing talents.
Hi ,Thanks to my manager  I am currently working in a very safe and motivating environment  . despite the workload  I have all the support and the guidance needed to help me to be efficient and successful  . However this nice environment is sometime becoming toxic and challenging when we interact with the operations lead and one of her team member.
need yearly priorities and job descriptions for dysfunctional groups.
Look at a person and their skills rather than their degree for advancement.  Too MD centric.
While I have limited interactions with MRL leaders, I have not seen any dynamic innovative leadership to drive the R&D programs into the next generation of science. It my be my inability to see deeply into the discovery side of MRL, but I see the COVID 19 vaccine programs as an example of how Merck got in the game late and with no actual energy to do something to make a difference., In the 2020 GMA summit, the VP of Clinical Development stated at that time that he didn't see COV2 as a target Merck needed to attack and he would let other companies do this "philanthropic" effort to address the pandemic and I believe this attitude led to the failures we have experienced. This to me is the real issue with Merck being able to deliver on what we say is the mission. If we can't address a global pandemic, then why be in this business at all?
I am a white male employee and hear so much about the challenges other groups are facing but, feel marginalized.  I feel that if I speak up about it, I will be perceived as being insensitive to others, racist, etc.  So, we talk about being safe to speak up, inclusive of all, etc.  But, we're not including me.  So, I think we've overswung on these areas.  It should be about work performance more than demographics.
Stop buying into "point of view" based decisions from upper management and take a bottom up approach. Stop with the programs and acronyms and make Merck feel more like a family again. We have become a heartless, data driven business without the understanding that data does not tell the whole story and data can be manipulated to tell the story chosen by the provider.
Continue to improve digital resources, utilize master data to make informed business decisions, limit political jargon in the workplace it seems to make the workplace less inclusive and more divisive.
Continue to invest resources in growing employees and the company's pipeline.
Continue to enforce the use of standards across Merck analyses and reporting deliverables.  This will save time from the start of documenting analysis plans through authoring of CSRs and other submission documents.  In addition, agency reviewers will see the same format to our submissions and become accustomed to that - resulting in fewer agency questions.    Plus everyone knows the standards and can be so much more efficient and have quality outputs!
Comprehensive, cohesive training - I will always suggest that a training session of "Putting it all together" type of training should be offered to new employees and maybe a yearly refresher for all employees.  There are SO many SOPs and systems it is hard to figure out how to put everything together and ensure you have a correct understanding of the process.  I would love to have had a training a few weeks into my time where I came in for a week or two and walked through my job role beginning to end to see how/when SOPs and systems came into play.  There is a pervasive mindset of team members feeling the need to cover/protect themselves from being wrong and future consequences.  This inhibits people from speaking up and providing ideas, suggestions, opinions on how we can accomplish a task.  I know Merck is trying to create an environment where people feel free to share ideas and take risks but the reality is that it isn't happening.
For all departments, provide resources (including manpower) to improve and streamline processes/information. Too much time is spent clarifying processes and trying to find information.
Provide opportunities to develop and motivate employees , many of those activities where removed due to budget constrains
I think we have went away from face to face interactions due to the pandemic and need to look to have support areas on campus more to drive results. Thing may be delay because resources are not available at all time.
Clearer roles & responsibilities including deliverables; and not accepting that everybody works on what-ever they think is best at that moment - and as a result all working on different solutions for the same problem
engage with the operators that make the process work
-Embrace technology.  -Remover barriers/roadblocks of segregated groups. We are one organization.
As resources are pulled to support J&J COVID vaccine effort, we need to ensure the areas that resources are pulled from have opportunity to back fill those resources easily.    Help remove licensing obstacles that prevent efficiency and cost reduction process improvements.
Seriously evaluate retaining current employees. Our department has seen a huge climb in attrition. The job market in biologics is extremely competitive and we are not paying enough to keep people. I've been here 32 years and, if I wasn't about 5 years from retirement, I'd be looking elsewhere as I can garner up to ~50% salary increase from what I am currently making here. I understand compensation is not just salary which is why I personally have stayed here so long. However when the salaries elsewhere are SO much higher, that argument of compensation being more than just salary becomes less meaningful.
keep flexibility in working even when sites reopen and even for people managers
offer more stock options to a wider pool of employees
We need to have better project management at HQ level for the management of studies. It seems that they are working in silos again and there is little coordination, e.g. ICF group is not aligned with other study documents. A lot of staff is very junior and does not have leadership. Not clear who to escalate issues to. All very complex and precious time is spent on resolving issues rather than conducting studies appropriately. The payment process is very time-consuming. Have you ever calculated how many hours and people are involved in the E2E life of an invoice? Systems are not connected. Why is it not possible to add items in Spectrum rather than each country create and update separate trackers?
Merck should have continued development of 7110.  Early results indicate this is a life saving medicine, and Merck's decision to pull research is 100% hypocritical to the tag lines used by medical leadership. Resuming development  would contribute to "Deliver on our mission". Merck medical leadership's focus on metrics (# of meetings, # of MIRs used, # of times FM is late to sync the ipad, GTT) is contributing to FM employee dissatisfaction. Merck's clinical trial planning and outcomes have been designed to put Merck's products at a market disadvantage instead of equal footing (e.g., No follow on study to VICTORIA, Vertis CV).  Merck can't keep relying on retrospective analyses of trial outcomes to sell drugs.  Please consider pricing V114 at a LOWER price to PCV 13/20.  If Merck entered the PCV market to share in the success of PCV 13, then price V114  to take the market, not make providers choose between Merck and Pfizer's PCVs. Thank you for the opportunity to comment.
Be sure you ensuring an equitable workplace for all employees, including those with disabilities (visible and not visible).  Merck would benefit from key talent programs focused on accelerating development of talented Latino/a employees (as other populations with underrepresentation at the leadership level have started to benefit from in recent years)
Stick to our business and separate from the politics
Align $ and actions. Actions should have an ROI if outside of the areas of safety, health/people, environmental and compliance.
More visibility into the transition in key leadership positions in the company and how Merck plans to shape its future to remain a leader in global health and scientific innovation would be helpful as someone new to the company.
Choose leaders who partner with their teams and have managers who have the ability to do their jobs.
Modernize and optimize systems and procedures, create growth opportunities
Stay connected with the employees and customers
Rather than promoting subject matter experts into people-management positions, have individuals who are good at coaching people-leader positions. If that is not always possible, have a strong coach / mentor for those in people-manager positions in that role. People leave managers, not companies. The greatest players doesn't always make the greatest coach. The best coaches bring out the best in others.
My advice is to ensure that people have enough time to focus on project related work and to work on their own development.
I believe the cultural shift we had in last couple of years, or may be more, doesn’t help the organization. At one point, it seems like Merck is family and people really cared about each other. Now, it seems too superficial, people do care about each other well being but somehow it is related to work.
flexible work arrangements, especially when people begin coming back to work
As vaccines are being rolled out and as there are signs of returning to 'normalcy' in the near future, I think transparency around what in office presence requirements will look like would be helpful to allow for planning. What options will we be given, if any at all? I think there is growing anxiety around not knowing anything so even little nuggets of insight or intentions to be broadcasted to the organization would be helpful
I believe the pay is lower than market standard. Otherwise I am happy with the culture and the work we do.
continue giving employees a voice and fostering an environment where employees feel trusted by upper management - "unbossed" as another pharmaceutical company says :) this motivates employees to put their best work forward. Our new ways of working are great and we need to continue putting them into action. also, vacation and personal time is key to maintaining a positive balance and outlook. create opportunities for employees to get additional paid time off - (eg, in exchange of inspire points, an extra paid week off after 5 years of service, etc)
Increase salaries.  The company is hemorrhaging people right now due to higher salaries elsewhere.  Highly talented people are leaving the organization in large numbers due to higher stability, less bureaucracy and high salaries elsewhere.
Be transparent about corporate decisions. Reconsider the Help Desk support because many employees have coined the term "UNhelpful Desk." HR online chat is also not very helpful.
Work on compliance and regulatory harsh rules
Merck has excellent benefits, but some of them are not very well advertised to the employees. Such as Ernst & Young financial services, and Volunteer time and company match of donations. Merck could commit to WebEx/Teams calls highlighting how these programs work and what is available on a quarterly or semi-annual basis.
Better focus on the level of stress being experienced
keep its employees informed, especially now, to what steps are being taken for the future of the company and how the new workplace will be once we near the end of this pandemic.   Try to keep us connected as much as possible.
Break down the silos and internal politics that lead to constant churn.
Continue to provide reassurance to FBE about job security, potential shifts in responsibilities and look for new ways of working to engage customers
Change our no promotion in place practice or provide a way for people to advance within their role. People leave because they feel there is not where to go without changing jobs
Inclusivity is awesome.  When we all move to Rahway, I think we'll have a different feeling about the divide between Merck and Merck Animal Health. Getting back to the office would help too.
stay out of politics unless there is a direct impact on the companies business, things like drug pricing, FDA reviews, legislation that could impact our core business
For Merck to speak out about its shortcomings/failure.  It is no disgrace or shame. Not everything works out. If there is bad publicity in the news, bring it out and address it, don't hide from it. Address the issues.
Ensure everyone has an office "home" where they feel welcome and have all that they need to be successful.  I work in above site teams, and in some cases the people are being pushed out of sites, with no alternatives available.  So they have no option but to work from home - even if that is not the best option for them
Continue to implement workplace flexibility practices and challenge the old way of working
- Be more specific in what Subsidiary of the Future version 2.0 or 3.0 means for our organization and its people. Better be open and clear so that we have our colleagues not spending too much time speculating negatively. - Inclusion and Equal opportunities for all needs include all segments. MSD is overall an inclusive company, but there is room for improvement or at least applying additional angle. Young talents, racial, religious, sexual orientation and other segments are well deserved being pushed forward for opportunities. As a company we seem to (unknowingly?) leave out colleagues above a certain age - they are put last on the list for job opportunities. -
When pandemic restrictions are eased it would be great if we could maintain the flexibility to work from home during most if not all of the week. I understand the benefits of coming into the office to work, but with a small child this is more stressful.
When the company decides to have employees return to the office, it would be appreciated if there was more flexibility to work from home.  Prior to the pandemic there were restrictions in some areas as to how many days a week one can work from home and Mondays and Fridays were not allowed.  It was also uncomfortable when asking to switch the work from home day due to a doctor appt. etc.  Merck is a great place to work, but some areas have not been flexible while other areas are.
Keep doing what they're doing. The culture here is open and transparent and myself and my colleagues enjoy working here and do feel valued.  The way we've been supported throughout the pandemic has been fantastic. From having ergonimic work stations to health and wellbeing support and opportunities I've been given to develop whilst WFH-all amazing.  I think that David Peacock is the most open and transparent MD we've had and seems to be a real man of the people and approachable by all. GREAT PLACE TO WORK!  The only reason i gave non commital responses about my manager is we are between managers ATM so unable to respond clearly as yet.
The tools that we use are outdated and require considerable manual effort. Our management does not respect or appreciate the level of effort needed to get our job done.  They think there is a lot of time for 'projects' when it is barely sustainable to get the everyday work done.  They ignore the voices of the team when issues are raised.  I think the future of Merck needs to include better technology or lessen the level of detail expected in our jobs.  We are buried in the 'weeds'.
I think the company is dong an excellent job. Management is showing flexibility during these times and I feel the support for me is present. This is a very stressful time in everyone's lives, but we are rallying together as a team and most importantly as a family.
keep eliminating barriers to be a faster decision making company
Provide supplemental programs which monitor the mental and physical health of their employees.
Overall, Merck is a good place to work and I'm happy to be here. To make the company truly great, I see two major barriers. 1) All development opportunities seem to be reserved for a few select "core talent", I've seen some incredible scientists have their self-confidence here completely undermined but go on to success at other companies, every little fault is picked apart  in the name of "development" while rewards for success are doled out on a very limited basis to a few people, 2) Senior leaders talk about doing things differently and taking risks, but on a day to day basis actually doing this is discouraged and there is a perception that if you choose to take a risk and it fails, you will be punished.
Give people responsibility and empower them. Stop doing micro-management on VP level or higher. Make sure that the workforce has the right level of resources or be brave enough to move/postpone things.
My group is more hierarchical and "rank-centric" than the US Army and Downton Abbey combined.  I believe this counter-WOW.
Stop pushing through political opinions and views from the CEO level and vice president level of the company. Not everyone agrees with those views and work should be a place where we can escape political views/opinions being shoved down our throats!
By continuing Merck's culture of professionalism through morality will allow it to grow as a leading corporation in the world.  I have only been employed by Merck for just about 1 year now, and I truly feel a sense of family that cares for each other and everything the company represents. Absolute caring professionals!
Ensure that departments/groups are equipped with enough resources and manpower to prevent burnout and reduce stress. My group's work has exponentially risen in the past few years. To compensate, many of my team members need to work well into the night, on the weekends, and over the shutdown or holidays. Although I am new to the group and have not yet experienced this, it is something that worries me. In order to be our best, we need to feel our best... and that is not possible when employees are expected to work nonstop to deliver on our projects/mission.
I think MSD is already a great place to work, but the pandemic impacted our cotidianity, taking the work to home. So MSD should focus in how to support the work from home
Lighten the internal processes to execute projects ex. sponsorship requests.  Accept a higher level of risk to remain competitive in the market ex. providing lunches for group discussions/meetings with customers, as so many other pharmas already do, especially in the context of the pandemic
Offer more advancement opportunities for Administrative Assistants. Also, I feel Merck is doing a great job with offering more flexibility such as remote working, flex time and benefits for wellbeing/health. I hope this continues and more benefits become available in the future.
Be more open to innovation and challenging the ways we do business. The business model of the future will need other capabilities and resources and I don't believe we, as an organization, are willing to take risk, even if means that we are helping our customers.
Strengthen MSD as a brand itself to increase loyalty and trust form our customers; improve and cultivate employer appreciation by celebrating success more often, also think about birthdays and other important events, think more using small gestures and recognition, such as Inspire, apéro-boxes, and similar, to increase motivation and mood.
Top Management should understand the ground realities when making schedule decisions especially in a pandemic year
Continue to provide opportunities for employees to diversify their knowledge base.  Programs like the Merck Fellowship program and the Early Talent Development programs are great examples.  It is not only beneficial to the employee but also for the home base function and its team members.  It gives all an opportunity to stretch themselves.  This includes the manager as we need to think of creative ways to get our work done while other employees are enrolled in such programs.  It is a true investment in our future as a company.
Update our internal compliance policies to learn from other industry partners, then improve. Merck is too slow to make positive changes, and tends to revert to old ways of working more than we care to admit. Compliance is great, but excessive compliance has demoralized entire teams to the point of feeling we cannot do simple mission-critical tasks that are often misinterpreted by legal.
Better work/life balance
Continue challenging our leaders to think differently so the post-Pandemic world does not return to the same 'normal'. We have to evolve like the rest of the organizations out there to remain competitive. We have discovered and demonstrated that we're resilient, creative, hard working, and committed. Don't underestimate the power of resistant leaders who will 'softly' pressure employees to return to the office without regard to their situation (childcare, health concerns, long commutes, re-adapting to the office, etc.)
Stronger people management, including development and career guidance.
Streamline processes.  Provide adequate resources (too much work for too few people).  Better compensation (Merck lags behind other Pharma).  More opportunities for advancement (some departments simply don't "promote" unless you work on a high profile project).
continue flex work arrangements started because of covid
2020 was a difficult year due to the pandemic and I think we should make a push to further support employees working from home.  While we have been told that non-essential employees will not yet be returning to the office until June 2021, I think we could make a point to provide more transparency of how Merck will handle these employees in the future. Maybe make clear that working from home will be an option moving forward and/or helping those employees with items (e.g., keyboards) to help them work from home......in addition, I think we have had a lot of movement in the upper leadership at Merck in 2020 (e.g., Organon and retirements) and that provides a bit of unease with the average employee at work. I think we should make a point to have more frequent meetings with leadership to show their views on Merck's future and the current plans/successes.
I believe that Merck is a forward looking and visionary company. The colleagues that are in leadership roles are hand picked by upper management and possess all the qualities necessary to have a high achieving, competent and excellent working environment. I work in a fantastic department starting from the SVP to my colleagues. We truly work together as a Team and my leaders are the best in the industry in their field. I am proud to be part of Merck and I will work hard so my team continues to have impact in the company.
Formalize comp time so that employees can re-energize after a particularly challenging/time consuming project
Continue to be an active voice for patient care, employees and social injustices. Continue to engage employees actively and ensure that every worker feels empowered.
How should I address such issues of aggression? It is hard to make a case, and has such a demoralizing effect.
A lot of people look for ways to help in the current political and racial environment, but are there things we can actually do to help and promote change in addition to having conversations within our teams?
continue this way, but there may be a little more focus on personal development of individual employees
Ensure MPS mindsets and thinking are changing the culture.  Stop firefighting.  Develop people through MPS thinking.
Offer comprehensive coverage for elective egg-freezing for female-assigned employees. Currently, only egg-freezing that is deemed medically-necessary is covered, but offering elective egg-freezing coverage would make Merck a more friendly place for younger female-assigned individuals and LGBTQ+ people who want to delay childbearing. It is also cost-saving on future infertility coverage.
I have concerns about our MRL.  That fact that we were unable to develop  a covid vaccine and still had to punt on some of our Covid treatments cause me to have concern regarding our research and development.    I have concerns about the company’s “position” when it comes to politics and events that are happening in the community.  Ones person’s position should not be representative of the entire company.   We serve everyone. And we have to answer to shareholders.
Merck should continue to have ways of learning and these great conversations about diversity and inclusion as well as fixed mindsets! I definitely think it such a great step in the right direction and has been really allowing people to understand and connect not only to others but even understanding the way they are and work themselves. It has been a great way to allow people to grow in different ways and areas.
Better recruitment and incentives compared to other companies. Do not believe it is particularly attractive as a chemical engineer in that regard.
In future "return to work" activities, it will be important to recognize that some employees are capable of continuing a work from home schedule despite not being previously offered that opportunity.
We need to be willing to invest in hiring and retaining the best talent throughout the organization, not just at the top.  We need to redesign our end of year processes to eliminate the idea that we will only have a minimal number of top performers.  We need to give some serious thought to whether we really benefit by insisting our titles be a rung or two lower than the same job at a competitor, and whether it's really worth it in the long run to pay materially less than market.  Of course, we may care more about short term numbers than long term success, that's a rational choice.
Appreciate if management can allow employees to completely work remotely(at least for non-managerial roles)
I have only been an MSD employee for a few weeks now, but as compared to my prior employer, I cannot say enough great things about the support, my team, the technology, or the kindness of every other MSD colleague I've encountered.
Ensure that department goals are aligned between all teams (Ops/Tech Ops/EMU/Quality/Labs) and that all groups are recognized for achievements. Right now, many groups track metrics that do not align with the business goals and it can be counter-productive to making and releasing product.
Improve training for new hires within the context of the work team. Mylearnings are helpful, but I do not feel as if my team has done a good job of training me.
Remain committed to and resource R&D.  Enable more promotions to retain talent.
Take active and bold measures to secure long term pipeline. Balance quarterly deliverables to the street with investing in our growth.
Continue to support innovation and flexibility.  Be transparent with business decisions to the extent possible.  Continue to focus on colleagues' mental and physical health and well being.
Work life integration;  decrease amount of meetings; redundant reports to generate
Provide your employees with better healthcare.  The medical benefits we receive are a joke compared to competitor companies offerings.
Standardization of protocol rules, definitions, and procedures across the program.
Keep their political views/party favoritism to themselves. Focus on the medicine and patients.
There needs to be better ways to feel involved (sense of belonging). Especially with working from home, I feel very disconnected from my department. I feel like I'm becoming more of stats on a page and there's a lot less visibility to the work I'm doing. There should also be better coaching/training/teaching. The whole manufacturing process is very complex. I'm 3 years into the job and I still don't understand the path to filing.
Merck has a lot of tenured employees which speaks to how Merck is a great place to work.  A lot of the employees have achieved significant roles within the company and help set direction for their teams or divisions.  The way in which business was done 25 or 30 years ago is much different than it is now.  If the company truly wants to change and evolve, it must make tough decisions on how to address these employees because many of them are preventing real change from taking place.
Back to basics was a necessary initiative but remains in the shadows, It was never really implemented. Target 0 have no sense at the level we are considering. Safety must be a priority at working areas but we can't be distracted from business because someone got an acorn while walking in the site park or getting a scratch while handling a stapler doing home office. Focuse was lost and money and resources associate jeopardize other critical activities.
Properly resource programs. Increase focus on supporting career development for employees. Improve gender diversity in senior leadership positions and opportunities
Continue with webcasts from Dr. Nigro and Julie Gerberding.
Continue to allow the flexibility of being able to work from home once our lab work is finished for the day.  Allow the flexibility of non-traditional work hours.
Embrace ideas and best practices that have helped other organizations move forward, accept change may involve pain but will ultimately make the company stronger.
We need to start to implement a more agile methodology as our "normal" way of work, and try to avoid the continues release of new SOP's and roles that doesn't help to reduce the steps and processes involved in our daily tasks.
1. Hire enough staff to make work-life balance a reality. 2. Reward good performance with generous salary increases.
Merck is a great company and employer.  The resources we have are beyond compare, and the opportunity to apply for jobs that previously required relocation and potentially work them in a remote fashion is excellent.  Keep up the good work innovating the way we work.  Having said that, more work around collapsing silos that still exist would be helpful to produce efficiency and effectiveness in how we drive results.
Align above-site requests of sites to minimize non-value-added work.  For example, reporting the same Data Integrity ERMD data in multiple ways to different above-site COEs.  This is a huge time commitment for senior members of teams and does not actually improve compliance.
Put action plans together to address employee feedback.
Continue to drive science and innovation along with it's other core objectives
Create a more sustainable environment for employees working from home.  Employees do not currently have the equipment needed to work comfortably and effectively for 9+ hours a day.  The company needs to invest in the infrastructure to enable sustainability and boost productivity.
Bring new products to the market.
Toss this out there.  The workload is very high, and some processes take longer virtually.  Instead of making the employee feel guilty for not taking time off because of deadlines and workloads, some effort should be made to lessen the workloads.  The current approach just adds to the stress.
Be cautious about bringing employees back on site full time.   Make sure it is safe for their return and allows for COVID restrictions to be observed like social distancing.
Continue to drive and manage change management.  I feel most digital changes are not timely completed because the upfront investment is a heavy lift.
keep talent in the company and dont let them go away
continue to support workers during the ever changing landscape through listening, providing updates, being flexible
Merck needs to continue to hire and promote the right people for the right job at every level.
I do believe Merck is trying to navigate the important diversity and inclusion initiative. I like to believe most employees understand and are fully supportive. We need to see this take shape in all levels of  the organization. But, we also need to guard against having our current talented and successful employees missing out on opportunities. There is a fine balance which I'm confident that Merck can solve.
Deliver the message that everyone counts in this company.  We are a team and every player on this team makes this business thrive.  Additionally, in this virtual environment leaders need to be cognizant that they truly have to go the extra mile to maintain a meaningful connection with their direct reports.  Currently there is little connection and true concern for one's well-being.
Increase oversight of poor performing and new employee's as they cause such a vast amount of work to rectify poor work, maybe a small increase in oversight at beginning of each new employee starting work with MSD. Possible also include more assessment at interviews to assess capability of potential new candidates...not sure if possible but would be ideal.  Then keep doing what we are doing, increase the MSD / Merck news and increase awareness of our awesome company. We love it lets make evreyone else love it as much as we do.... more connection to real world issues and show how we are solving them.
Modernize, invest more in IT.
Continue to promote and enable people to work in a diverse and inclusive environment. Continue to make available tools that help employees perform their day to day duties with accuracy and confidence.
I feel the company goes above and beyond for us. I have nothing to add at this time.
Continue to communicate with employees to ensure the correct information is received and assumptions are not made on the path or direction of which the company is going.
Continue to develop new ideas that allow employees the ability to overcome obstacles the are experiencing in their work environment.
Take note of what small and medium companies do to be more nimble and handle change better.  Merck is too big and doesn't respond well to change even though management frequently speaks about finding ways to improve and adapt.  Too many people say one thing and do another.  Also, just too many people "need" to be involved with multiple aspects of the business when less can get the job done if given the responsibility to do so.
Offer competitive compensation for new hires so that we can attract top talent. We cannot attract top talent if we target industry-average compensation. Constantly ensure the compensation of current top talent is competitive within the industry, not just at an industry-average.
Better work/life balance
Merck has more bureaucracy than most organizations.  This tends to slow things down and make change difficult.  There is little room for out of the box thinking.
Merck is to be applauded for the unique partnership with J&J to manufacture COVID vaccine.  However, what prevented Merck from being a frontline player at the outset of this pandemic with the development of a vaccine?  Why did our vaccine candidates fail in early clinical trial?   Merck does vaccines and has done them well, so the failure of our COVID vaccines was surprising and disappointing.   Is our innovative R&D not as innovative or as strong as it once was, or is it somehow handicapped in its mission?   Could Dr. Hilleman do today what he did all those years ago in vaccine development?  Does this reveal that although we have become "leaner" and more flexible as a company over the years, there is work yet to be done?  Are leadership changes needed throughout the organization; do we need a fresh perspective?  Answering those questions may lead to solid steps that can be taken to position Merck to more effectively deliver on our mission.
When we return to the office, I hope that they will allow the Administrative staff to have a regular work from home date(s) every week.  The past year has shown that we can be just as effective working from home as we can be in the office.  I am thankful that I am employed by Merck.
Management should empower their leaders instead of everything being controlled from the top down. Great people are leaving the company because reorganization’s have happened that make no sense at all and managers are not able to lead .
clear goals to reach the next level
I am disgusted with how political Merck and Merck leaders have been. I abhor discrimination of any kind. Merck needs to get back to making great medicines for all people, not being so “woke”!
To focus more in people, prioritizing on developing the people (talent management)  and continue working on People & Culture.
I think the ability to work from home more frequently due to the pandemic has led to an increase in morale in my department.  I would really like to see this trend continue even when it is not necessary due to the pandemic.  It has really been a positive step for me in achieving a better work/home life balance.  I myself am less stressed and it appears many of my colleagues are as well.  The ability to work from home saves many of us time and money when we don't have to commute to work.
Give more employees a fair opportunity for advancement - at all levels, in all areas of the company. I have a team of entry level staff who would love to move into higher positions but there is so little opportunity made available to them. And their additional fear that they will be the ones let go, or outsourced, because of a perception that it's the lower level roles that are dispensable. It's heartbreaking for me, as a people manager, to see how little the company cares about the opportunities for staff who are not ADs or above. Everyone has to start somewhere - we didn't all come to Merck as an AD.
MSD should adapt company objectives to employees current working conditions, impacted by pandemic as other competitors did. At GCTO, company objectives, milestones and workload remain the same, being extremely hard to retain employees. In addition, corporative solutions to facilitate remote work are not effective enough and are arriving too late, in the meantime employees are burning out, leaving the company or asking for medical leave, while working condition are worsening as pandemic continue to evolve.
As many of us work from home, we have extra time before 9am and after 5pm which was previously commute hours. However, I don't feel any relief and my WLB getting worse, because I keep receiving meeting invitations, many of them regular weekly and daily request before 9am and after 5pm. It is hard to say no to such meetings, especially important ones. But I do hope the company can provide advice to everyone to respect prior 9am or 8:30am hours and only arrange meetings that are really essential.
Right people in the right positions.
Remote opportunity in post pandemic future so employees can find affordable place to live and don't have to commute and have a more time after work to stay healthy, take care of family and manage the job related stress level.
Really seems a since that everyone is swamped with work and need additional resources.
As a Latino I opened up the 2020/21 Stockholder Report, looked at the Board of Directors, sit on many leadership calls and see no one with a Latino name. I believe that as group that is growing we are underrepresented. If we are a growing group, are a group that can benefit from our medicines, we need to also invest in developing, growing and advancing talent here. Coke, Kellogg and others have actually had Latino CEOs. Why not Merck? Why not a Latino leading the Latin American Business. We need to draft better, develop our farm system better.
There needs to be better understand of all the work and stress that is being asked of employees because the company will not back fill any employees. We have a huge lack of resources and lack of recognition for doing activities that are well above our current jobs.
reduce the amount of webex meetings
A renewed strength in our ability to contribute to our community’s healthcare is needed.  There are legally compliant ways to move the healthcare needle. We have seen other companies do it.
Respect work life balance more; get rid of the forced distribution for performance reviews; consider either higher titles or higher salaries to retain talent.
Scale back on virtual meetings that are repetitive and unnecessary. It prevents re-entry by blocking up time and is perceived to be more of a calendar filler
Merck is choosing to provide social and political leadership, for example with the feedback on the Georgia election laws.  I do not agree with Merck's position because I feel it is appropriate to require identification to vote.  If Merck is going to be vocal on these types of issues, will this be a more non-partisan approach?  And will Merck comment on social and political issues in other countries such as China, Russia, Saudi Arabia?  I do not feel it is safe to speak up within the company if I am not aligned on equity vs. equality, critical race theory.  I am very much aligned on the importance on diversity and inclusion, and I absolutely support creating an inclusive and diverse workforce.
Upper management should educate themselves on politics before speaking publicly. Stay out of political discussions. It makes my job more difficult with my customers.
I got to know there are a lot of resources and classes available from My Learning. When I went in to assign courses to myself, it is hard to choose since they are so many for some topics. I am wondering if related personnel in the company can utilize their expertise to rate the classes for us and we can start from those highly recommended ones. Or maybe, another survey is needed for each department for what courses they have interest in to help their career development. The one with the highest common interest can be started first.
Develop LCM initiatives quicker and with more anticipation. Keep on investment in people skills & capabilities. Promote more OneHealth culture helping empowerment of veterinary medicine and Animal Health division. Keep on investing in growth (promo budgets). Focus on digital transformation and end-users strategy. Accelerate MAHI integration. More focus in the balance of work and personal life
Provide managers with the resources they need to ensure their teams working from home are well equipped. Many of us are still working from a single laptop making it hard to complete certain work activities.
Continue the way as we operate today and we think about future
Keep up the current strategies and don't lose our mission and direction. We have found a good path, staying on it is not easy. Now is the time to be careful when deliberating changes. Change is still good, but change for the sake of change derailed other places I have worked. The constant need for high level people to prove they made a big great change, especially people in new executive positions, can drive premature decisions.
Reward talent for remaining at the company vs. people leaving for increased pay.
Outline a path for promotions and new job opportunities
Diversity, inclusion, retention
Stop focusing on D&I!  It’s virtue signaling. We are already a diverse workforce and by dividing into groups (Employee Business Groups) it only promotes future division. We are “One Merck”! Right?!
Merck needs to promote from the bottom up.  Bringing people in based on degrees has proved useless in a lot of situations.
More focus on customers (outward focus to their business) -> improving products, versus financials and profitability (inward focus on our business), profitability comes by focusing on our products/value and customers not by being hyper focused on spreadsheets.  Take input from field and effectively turn those requests into improvement, the field is mostly ignored today in the direction.  Improve short term strategic direction and decision making, too slow today in decision making to take advantage of this today.
A reasonable expectation of workload. Current work demands are greater than staffing can support.
I remain stunned at how some individuals treat co-workers and suppliers. These individuals seems to be clustered in areas which leads me to believe that the behavior to be condescending, "We are Merck" attitude, refusing to be informed about impacts to raw materials/supply chain, their study is more important than others is accepted. For my part to combat that I push for facts and make sure some understands all circumstances but many times these individuals/groups do not care and carry on. That is the most discouraging aspect of daily life and having to be subjected to or witness someone else be be treated as less than an intelligent human being.
Keep doing what they're doing - focusing on our patients and our people.
The pressure to preform and engage with customers during the pandemic is too great.  The company, industry and world are going through a challenging time.  We can not expect the same performance, or metrics as what we could pre or post pandemic.  Patience is the key to success.
It would be great to have more insight into the work we do for the people that do not work directly with products (in MMD and MRL).  Having Town Halls or something similar to Employee Business Briefings that share more details about our portfolio and the impact that we have on patients would make me feel more connected to the mission at Merck. It can be difficult as someone in a Global Support Function to always see how what we do impacts Merck's mission.
Proactively manage potential changes that might come under the new leadership of the company
Follow it’s own customer code of conduct that is in place and support employees who are discriminated against by customers.
IT systems are fragmented and inadequate. Facilities support is stretched too thin to keep up with requests.  There is no onboarding or continued support for employees. We are expected to conform to new systems (IT or equipment) with zero training or support.
By trying to be inclusive, we seem to create exclusion at times.  It would be good to keep this in mind as the workplace is not the platform to address the politics of the country and the world.  I think it is great that we have groups and initiatives for many classes and groups of diverse people, but in doing so, we are minimizing some others that are not considered "minority".
Shift to growth mindset across the company.  Currently there are strong cultural differences across departments.  Many departments are so risk averse that it is impossible to get anything done.  There are tons of inefficiencies.  We are all working towards the same goal and it does not always work like that in practice.
Continue with excellent communication and collaboration
I believe we do have that company now, its a little that we should take care: ammount of work in order to have more space for the balance in our lifes, and also the home resources that we have at home for work.
Better salary less wellbeing programs and other type of compensation in that category ( I understand that the vision might be different)
keep doing what company is already doing. That is a right path into future a make it great place to work and deliver on our promises and mission
Please make sure to have plans for older employees still working at MERCK.  There is a great emphasis on making the merck place "younger"...this is good however for those that are older and still have alot to offer you must still ensure that they "feel valued" and that there is a place for us all.      '
Ensure each site has the support they need, whether it's technical or HR-related.  Management needs to be involved with their own department by engaging and learning the work performed. Management should be held accountable for their team and be able to make decisions.  As it stands, decisions aren't made in a timely manner because management doesn't understand what happens in their departments.  Current management is incapable of controlling and running their own departments.  Communication simply doesn't occur and some managers don't do anything for themselves, instead relying on technicians to spoon-feed them information that they should well know how to obtain.
Continued support of our changing workscape.
Tone at the top - instill better sense of flexibility and ability to manage work/life balance.
Doing a fantastic job. Maybe give people a day in lieu as a wellbeing day FOC from MSD. It has been challenging working from home to date.
Offering the backup childcare (60 days of free childcare through LifeCare) has literally been a lifesaver for me during this pandemic. Please keep this benefit going. It has allowed me to not stress out when my children’s school has gone virtual at times throughout the school year because I can hire a family member to watch my children. This kind of benefit would be nice to continue for summer care even after the pandemic is over.
Inclusion is paramount and Merck has done a fantastic job encouraging and promoting its importance, but we must never accept inclusion through exclusion.  I recently witnessed homophobic and anti-male comments by an outside speaker during a March 2, 2021 Merck Women's Network EBRG event.  I attended this event as an ally and was greatly saddened and hurt by these comments and reported them to www.msdethics.com.  Unfortunately, the msdethics.com failed to address these comments.  Additionally, the Merck Women's Network just posted this webcast on their recordings page, further propagating these hurtful comments.  This is not the Merck I know and greatly value.
I really don't know at this time....
Provide the same tools equally to cope during this time of home office. I have received a home screen for my laptop and ergonomic chair, but these resources were denied to other colleagues of a different area who are also MSD employees. Of course, this is denied to contractors as well. Also, some members are being very disrespectful doing calls and sending emails on weekends and when this situation was informed, no significant action was taken as the situation continues. So there is a lot of work to be done regarding "safe to speak up environment", including learning about "victim shaming" from the managers.   We are not walking the talk regarding equality and speaking up.
The company has many processes that make it hard to be agile with new ways of working. It is true that we are big pharma company and that is the caveat with all the big companies very process oriented.
I hope that Merck will continue to make long term commitments vs. following the current trend in, politics, culture and business.    On the surface it appears lately Merck is making quick short sighted decision based on the current perceived culture/politics of the day which may be mischaracterized by the media as conventional wisdom.  I think it is not a risk adverse strategy rather one filled with multiple unforeseen pitfalls with topics that are not our expertise.
I have dedicated my career to oncology marketing in the US. I feel like MRL does not respect HH.  We need better integration and mutual respect.  Our forecasting process is biased towards being too aspirational. Instead, it should become more dedicated to accuracy, regardless of whether the result is popular.  Our PRT review process is broken. It is a critical barrier to realizing value.
The workload is very heavy and it remains a challenge to pause and dedicate time to create and rethink processes and participate in new initiatives without significantly compromising your personal time.
Ensure recognition in a professional manner, based on work, respect for company policy and the interests of the company, not based on individual interests, feelings and friendship.
Frequent evaluation/re-evaluation of D&I aims across functions to ascertain progress can be helpful (if this is not already being accomplished); Implementation of policies or strategies to minimize nepotism and cronyism across functions in hiring, promotion and research sourcing  can be helpful; Instilling and encouraging employees to refrain from using personal perspectives rather than scientific evidence in outcomes research can ensure equity and fairness; Having an outcomes research Ombudsman can be beneficial to the organization can enhance value evidence generation.
Work / life balance must be improved.  Time tracking software (i.e. GTT) is used for employees.  Metrics for extensive hours, working weekends or holidays, etc should be used to assess project and management performance. Leadership should aggressively work to reduce non-value added work. Go / No-go decisions should result in decisive actions.  A 'no-go' should stop programs and free up resources. Clear plans for post-COVID working accommodations are critical.
keep the employees in front of customers
We have a great internal information piece, The Animal Health Insider. I find we are not good at sharing our story with our veterinary customers. Why do we not also have a piece geared toward our veterinary customers, as piece to tell who we are and the great social justice projects we are working on in NA and globally. We have to toot our own horn, no one else is going to do it for us.
Allow for greater flexibility of recreation at the facilities. e.g. make the gyms accessible, open up the cafeteria to more people, encourage outdoor seating where possible
simplify procedures, give more flexibility to Medical Department to be able to satisfy clients´needs
Ensure we use the talents of our people in the right way, allowing them time to focus and to do the things they know best to do, and less time spent on administrative activities that perhaps can be conducted with project management support
The path has been given, just continue streamlining and removing the old school thinking and bureaucracy in the processes
Promotion according to ability
Increase salary, increase resources to perform good science, insure that the positions being filled are by those most qualified.
Working from home for over a year has been stressful, I think if we could have small group interactions to bring back some normalcy.
frank career development conversations. I dont feel the safe space to discuss the things that are working and not working for me in my job and where I would like to be in 3-5 years...
Merck should judge colleagues' advancement potential based on work ethics and results vs only formal education received. Many colleagues have leadership potential and know how to lead a successful team, but don't have degrees, and therefore, are limited to advancement. The opposite is true, where some may have the degree, but not the ability to lead, yet they get the advancement.
More virtual networking and social activities to connect staff across departments
Be more proactive in accelerating growth to the future number 1 minority group in the US by 2025 which is the Hispanic/Latino community.
Open and aligned communication at all levels of the company.  Within larger departments, smaller groups can easily begin to diverge in processes and it can be tough to re-align.
Refocus on improving patient care through accessibility, affordability, and clear education for Merck products. Stop getting involved in politics - being shaped by the woke culture. Be a true leader in the pharmaceutical industry world wide by improving clinical trial design, increasing access to products in low income countries and lowering costs in the United States, and standing up against frivolous lawsuits from world governments by standing up for our legacy of ethical behavior rather than overburdening Merck employees with irrational legal restrictions.
over my 20 years experience, the processes have gotten more complicated without increase in resources to support the processes - it really impedes merck from execution our research compliantly and efficiently. this increases employee work-load, stress and ability to achieve their work in a timely fashion.
It is a great place to work
Focus on a balanced D&I approach that addresses all categories of diversity through unbiased opportunity, rather than selectively focusing on situationally special racial or gender issues to the detriment of other groups.
Any recommendations given would not change the current state of Merck, the company has gone downhill over the past 10-15 years
Train members in leadership roles and matrix type environment to support diverse opinions and respect the thoughts of others as opposed to constant challenge against.
understanding individuals bandwidth what theoretically they can support vs what is reality to support a better work life balance.
N/A- doing great!
Cut down on the endless  bureaucracy which compounds weekly.  EHS is no longer a source of assistance to help keep us safe; it is a quagmire of regulatory pronouncements that generally fail to consider the impact on workers, cost, or whether it actually makes this a safer workplace.  Some of the safety requirements actually hold more risk to implement than the risk being mitigated.  This is a program totally out of control.
- Please stop inundating us with "racial injustice" and diversity - please try to coordinate meetings to certain days and times ... we are now getting back into the habit of scheduling meetings whenever we want
Merck and MSD has to get out of politics, they have to issue a statement to their employees that they will not be involved in politics once Ken Frazier leaves. They need to issue a statement saying that Ken Frazier comments and political agenda does not represent Merck and MSD and its employees and that it is his personal beliefs. If Merck truly wants to create an inclusive work place they have to truly make the hiring process fair for people of all beliefs and genders. They have to stop making a point to hire employees based  on gender, race and ethnicity to hit their quotas. This has gone to far, they need hire just based on skills knowledge and work ethic. Taking race, gender and religion off of the application would make it so that these points no longer can influence peoples decision as well as removing the quotas for hiring people based on these same issues.
Merck Canada has had layoffs every November since I joined, it does not feel like I have job security.   I do love working here & am proud to work for Merck.
Improve employee recognition program so we feel appreciated
Revaluate 50% percentile in regards to employee compensation and benefits. We are not competitive with local competition in the pharma industry based on my previous hiring experiences.
We should focus on the business and forego politics.
When you say One Merck they need to include everyone union and company as one. Stop treating union personnel as if they are third class citizens and treat them as equals.
Make sure they know the true environment that sales representatives are working through during Covid. Manager has made it seem like we are not trying, but we all are working hard trying to gain additional appointments. Instead of harping on us to get more appointments, try to help us work through those hard accounts.
Continue  to focus on Merck's legacy of ethics and integrity and not be influenced in that mission by the political factions outside.  Stay above the fray and operate the business with unwavering ethics and integrity so as many people as possible can truly benefit from what we have to offer the world.
1. Workforce (at all levels) does not stay in there roles long enough to actually learn a job with any kind of depth & expertise.  The movement & change is constant.  It is upsetting and bad for morale.  It leaves one with a constant sense of feeling unsettled.  The stage is always set for ineffectivity as there are no knowledge or process experts. They no sooner get up and running and a year or two later bid out or are moved.  2.  Modernize and across the board:  equipment, processes, etc.
To provide a real WELLBEING: LOVE MSD, the MSD culture but sometimes it is difficult to enjoy life with the extra work at MSD
be more flexible but without compromising compliance and ethical issues; review job requirements and work load on certain area to allow for a better balance between work and personal time
Stay out of politics at the corporate level.  Reduce bureaucracy within the company
Make sure to value and recognize long-range work and dedication, as much as the "high-visibility quick wins". Bring some external independent view at department-level to suggest improvements. Keep an open 360 degrees / bottom-up feedbacks culture.
Allow younger leaders to make decisions were appropriate
Workload balance to avoid errors as per lack of resources.
Be transparent in terms of promotion's as the imp of "HOW"
Merck is on the right track leading D&I, as well as continuing to engage the greatest minds and talent in all areas of our business.  This will continue to deliver innovation and make Merck continue to be a great place to work.
Stop asking so much of the employees. Most people i know that work around me work very long hours to support Merck's goals and success. we should not need everyone pulling heroics to accomplish Merck's goals.  Myself have spent most of 2020 sitting at my work computer working 10-12 hours a day totaling 50-60 hours a week. I have seen people working weekends and at 3 or 4 in the morning. This should not be OK.
I don't have any specific suggestions at present.  I am very proud of Merck and its public stance on diversity, inclusion and anti-racism, as well as its well-earned reputation for quality and integrity.  I just wish i could figure out how to do my job well within a 40 - 45 hr. workweek.  I will add that my direct manager and her colleagues have made great progress in the past year regarding listening to our needs and removing barriers to getting our jobs done, and in  supporting my colleagues and I regarding our personal wellness.  It's all on a good trajectory!
1) Especially for support organizations we need to consider whether we have the right support (expertise & number of people) as the company changes.  Some support orgs have nearly steady headcount over the last 10 years while Merck has acquired other companies, sites and products.  Lack of resourcing can cause overload and missed requirements. Similarly, budgets cut each year (understandably), but support groups can't afford contract support to fill resource gaps.  Without assessing holistically we aren't getting everything Right First Time & are may not be the premier research company we aim to be. 2) Within our global org we still work in silos. We've gotten better, but need more communication on priorities at LOB and site or COE level so we can share the work and the outcomes. And need more day to day coordination if actions/decisions affect other teams in the org. 3) Leverage technology more.  Roll-out platforms with more pre-learning for successful adoption.
Stop focusing on diversity. You are separating our company by race, sexual orientation, ethnicity and many other categories .  The more you focus on it the more you are putting up barriers and insisting people identify within a category.    When you say we need more diversity, I hear I’m not good enough.
Do not only wanted to receive certification for people working at MDS with less of 35 years...   There are also great professional full commitment with MSD beyond that ages. that provides efficiency and be more stables...
Continue being open to doing things differently; take suggestions from the field and make attempts to implement solutions.
Continue to strengthen our Pipeline by focusing on the long term medical needs Adopting and diffusion WoW and Agile values and mind-set across the organization Being constantly Customer focused in every thing we do to bring differentiated Customer Experience
Increase our salaries, make it easier to get promoted and grow. This will retain talent. We lost so many great people because Merck is not salary competitive especially for people that have been with the company longer.
Maintain our position and presence in justice and equality issues as led by Fraiser.  Keep using the MPS approach to problem resolution in processes and consider extending to Finance, HR and other administrative areas.
Success will continue by focusing on PATIENTS - my hope is we can move forward from the pandemic to live our mission.  Live interaction is critical to success.
Hire the adequate number of employees to ensure success and not overwhelm the workforce.
Consult with persons at the work level when changing or upgrading processes.
Keep work and politics separated just like religion and work are kept separated.  Focus on what we can do at Merck to drive business, become more nimble and efficient in our processes
There are 10 things: 1. Training and development  2. Workplace justice 3. Respect 4. Trust 5. Work-life balance 6. Diversity 7. A Voice 8. Innovation 9. Pride in a job well done 10. Avoid company politics
Select a day / week where there are no meetings. After 13 months working from home, the mental fatigue continues to escalate due to the number of meeting requests each day.
From a perspective of IT, it would be great if the company could start taking IT seriously not purely as a support organisation but as a technology partner. To make this happen you would need to start hiring IT people into senior IT positions, make sure that all people within IT truly have a technology background( prioritising software development experience, or at least some form of IT hard skills, true experience from large scale technology projects etc.) and are able to function with relevance towards their business stakeholders. Unfortunately at the current moment very often this is not the case and most of our business partners can see this. We should also start thinking about merging parts of what we currently call IT directly into the business areas so that the people can gain expertise and have common goals with the business .
Provide more focus on Business Unit activities for Manufacturing, Clinical Research, Laboratory, and Quality activities.
initiate team-building among colleagues - even one lone wolf is one too many- we need more truly collaborative team players.  Encourage colleagues to recognize lateral and lateral/adjacent colleagues. This fosters goodwill over competitiveness, when lateral colleagues are both in the same trenches.  Recognize failures as opportunities for true growth. Managers should Model examples.  Increase transparency as much as possible...consider embracing pay equity and salary transparency, to better understand why we are paid what we are paid and what we need to do to reach the next step.  *As the new org appears to be doing* continue to celebrate promotions (a welcome change from the old org) Last, to increase engagement, continue to provide visibility to lower band level individual contributor employees and support staff.
Better balance the workload of employees
Refrain from the Political field position statements
Continue to promote work/life balance.  Ensure recruitment/retention of top talent to ensure Merck/MSD is at the forefront of innovation versus following others.
Have consistent and present bridge programs.  Programs that bridge current employees into Leadership or Executive Leadership roles that aren’t made up but are a company wide type program that is applicable to the various divisions .  Have a certain number of system that makes it easier for you to get specific questions answered vs. because this is a large company, having resources spread out over a million different sites. Which makes you give up at trying to find a solution.  Become more nimble don’t hide behind “that’s how we’ve always done things/responded.    In terms of this survey, some of the questions deserved an opportunity to respond but you’re not given that opportunity.  Going forward, why not give each question space to the person to respond if they dream it appropriate.
prefer not to say
Continue offering excellent benefits packages with excellent Insurance, 401k, Pension, and Time Off.
Continue to break down internal barriers to speed up the pace of change.  Include and leverage the knowledge and experience of those closest to our customers when making decisions about strategy, resources, tactics.  Continue to communicate frequently and with full transparency at all levels of the organization.  Merck is our people - Attract the best talent and make sure we compensate our people at the high end of comparable companies.
There is a large difference between Animal Health and Human Health.  Most support functions are only for Human Health leaving Animal Health to have figure out solutions on their own without support.  There is also a large difference in what the strategic direction is for AH vs. HH.  The business meetings are always geared toward HH and leaves a confusing message for AH.  Also initiatives seem to be rolled out in HH during COVID but were not put in place in HH.  Like the "Are you ok? Day.  What was? To me it was happening some where but I wasn't made to feel apart of it.  Feels like I work for different company that doesn't get all the benefits of HH.  In addition, there is a lot of management that needs to be coached on how to be good managers.  It seems like on the HH side, I see a lot of people that have good leaderships skills but that is not the case in AH.  Once again, I feel like I work for a different company in AH.  We need better leaders in AH.
Some way, return to the Merck that i use to be proud to be an employee of. I use to feel like i was part of the entire Merck family, not just a number on their list of numbers.
Be cognizant of the workload to employees and the sites we work with. Scheduling multiple DBLs in a short period of time is very time consuming when working on multiple protocols.  We can appreciate getting drug to market faster but we must also be cognizant at what cost to all involved in the short and long run.  At some point further resistance will occur - if we are to truly build upon relationships what better way than to allow time and understanding of the process this takes on front line workers.  Understanding each role/dept. in the company and their value in its entirety and not just the bottom line to investors and various stakeholders...I think sometimes companies lose site that their employees are important stakeholders as well.  I enjoy working for Merck but there are always ways to improve upon ourselves and the collective. Lessening the number of DBLs, initiatives, new system implementations, processes will help in this endeavor...too much all at once is overwhelming.
Implement procedures which are more agile and less time-consuming. Less delays in taking decisions, especially on simple items. Hold people and teams accountable for their roles and responsibilities, it happens too many times to be bounced like a pinball through multiple stakeholders only to go back to square 1 and restart.
Plan a better onboarding process - there is no real process in place right now.
Increase flexibility in process/reduce the hurdles to allow us to bring drugs through development faster.
It seems to me that Merck does a wonderful job of making inclusion and diversity a priority, however from speaking with colleagues, I feel like MRL is trying to play catch up. I also feel like we do a wonderful jobs of acknowledging technology and providing resources to employees however many systems are cumbersome and hard to understand and work with, especially as a new employee.
As a people manager I’m most concerned of recruiting and retaining top sales team talent due to our compensation vs. other industries and companies within the industry.
More flexibility for a home based job Higher commitment with real actions as a company related to the challenge of climate change
Keep working on removing barriers between internal departments and foster transparency and collaboration
Work on a better balance between compliance and what our customers need and are looking for to support their practice and their patients. The amount of money spent on the literature and education material is pretty astronomical. Why can’t we use that money to partner with our customers to devise educational support materials that are best for them and their patients.
Slow down. or provide more support..... there is too much change, too quickly (systems, technologies, etc), feel  struggle to adapt which creates stress
Continue to evolve. Market is not the same than only 2 years ago, we need to invest time and resources to better understand the new market dynamics and give employees training and time to digest it and be open to a trial and error approach. So far we have done a good job trying different channels of communication with customers. The content is also very important and the professionalism in our interaction with customers.
Investigate the lack of career path for IT Project Managers especially since PM s were moved from a central organization and now sit in IT Divisions. A P3 in ITRMS now has a much much harder shot becoming a P4 in GHH IT because they don't have experience with GHH systems or people. Previously, with the central PMO when a PM's project's ended in ITRMS they could choose work in ITRMS, GHH, or any division. That isn't the case now.
Make sure any software upgrades, equipment and new technology actually works as planned. It seems ther way of validation has been short changed as of late.  Things are not done with the focus on the down stream customers.  Instead there are people making decisions on things who are not operators  nor lab techs and set things up that end up being awkward or a stumbling block to operations.     Old equipment needs to be brought up to date with current technology.  The new employees being hired are not wanting to work shift work/ weekends.  Management is being permitted and encouraged to work from home which does not provide adequate coverage to make appropriate decisions when trouble arises.  I understand the idea in the name of covid / protecting the workforce; however - there needs to be some minimal coverage of the appropriate level of management and authority to manage problems as they arise.  Things just feel like they are being let go.
Merck is a strong pharmaceutical company with great talent.  Barriers to moving business need lifting and group think is too pervasive.  There is a feeling of "The Merck Way"...leaving no room for other thought and ways of thinking.  In addition, oncology seems to be heavy with people right now and with a shift to traditional HQ roles becoming expanded into field based roles, there should be an emphasis on developing people and getting some new thoughts into higher levels within the company.
I think we could work on increasing transparency across programs and departments. It is significantly worse at Merck compared to similar companies I've worked at.
There needs to be equity in how departments use the CCF ladders and levels. While some have people of the same level and title report to one another others simply stay within a hierarchal pattern which diminishes the career advancement of employees.
Merck should clarify if its mission is “to discover, develop and provide innovative products...” or promote left-wing political beliefs. It’s difficult to discern which is a higher priority.
Engage more with the public
Improve its resource by updating all its technological tool (data analytics, communication support...)
Raise salary and bonus levels for band 400 and lower
- WP campus outdoor space needs updating and enhancements to be competitive with other large pharma and tech companies.  -  Some laboratory buildings are past their initial life expectancy and are in need of a tear down/rebuild.
keep maintaining the people that working hard and care about the things company do.
where leaders do not lead by example, then move them out
Offer "Merck options" to all levels to include Specialists.  If we are one company all working towards a common goal we all should be given the that benefit.  This benefit would really make me feel more valued as an employee.  This is an awesome company to work for!!!!
Merck is too heavy with processes and overengineered ways of doing things.  The company has been supportive through the pandemic; however, the extended remote situation has created decreased transparency and employee connectedness.  The company should have more perks for employees and the INSPIRE award system seems to be somewhat inconsistent.
Don’t overswing and change policies due to fear. Look at what our competitors are doing and offer Merck employees the opportunity to compete on an even playing field.
Provide some benefits due to the year+ long pandemic, such as a few extra company-wide days off (mental health days), a small allocation to purchase items for working at home ergonomically, etc.  Nothing crazy, but something that shows that the company understands the difficult circumstances we are all in.  Instead, it feels like there is even more workload, more expectations, and less boundaries.
Management says they want employees to feel safe speaking up at work.  But when we do, we are either ignored or there are backlashes, so why bother.  The company needs to stop talking about it being safe to speak up and start paying attention to what really goes on.  Also a more equitable system of evaluations, now it doesn't matter how well you do your job, 90% of employees will get an average rating, so why bother.  It was actually much better the old way when there were multiple levels to the upper performers.
equitably value customer experience and risk mitigation vs solely prioritizing reduction of risk
Senior management team focus on strategic pipeline alignment for next at least 10 years and make better effort to foster a “speak-up” working environment.
Before finalizing any strategy Organization must know what is practically possible . To get the success organization must aware about what market demands & also should try to fulfill at least 70% of the demand.
Removing barriers to get work done, alluding back to a question within the survey. We need to do better to continue to build strong partnership across all divisions.  I work and interact almost daily with different groups or areas within MRL/MMD and the common theme that I think arises when we are unable to work effectively in order to move the business forward is the lack of vision that we are all One Merck.  We should all be working for the best interest of the company and I think that is not clear or always true when the group’s interest is put forth first.
Upper management (not necessarily direct managers) do not take the time to understand what it takes to get department deadlines completed; there is not enough resources to get work completed and also there is a lack of planning and resource allocation.  Upper management also does not take the time to develop staff, even when staff is capable and willing to take on responsibility. The department has developed a culture of "hire externally" versus promoting from within which in turn causes the company to lose valuable employees and demotivate high performers.   Another area of concern, is that we do hold employees accountable therefore putting more strain on employees who put an effort into meeting deadlines and are team players. There is a lack of consistency of what is expected from each level depending on what role they are in which causes resentment. Although there will always be differences in work load and responsibilities, there should be the same level of accountability.
Allow people to focus on critical priorities not everything that is a good idea. We say that we prioritize but we actually don't and we commit to new activities throughout the year.  We need an HR model refresh where HRBPs can re-contract with clients on what level of support to expect.  Our team is overwhelmed with work, projects, and new initiatives.  And the speed of completion expected has increased during the pandemic.  There's an assumption that you can turnaround a response or deliverable very fast.
Continue to update and improve employee benefits.  Overall improvement of the employee experience through items such as employee events (open to family inclusion).  At Merck our work life is very isolated from our personal life, friends and family.
Providing encouragement for employees to be more active rather than passive on a local level (get involved in groups, create new groups - learn to lead).  We all have unique talents outside of work, how can we use that at work?    Then brag about the results so that everyone can see the benefits.  (do more of what the company is doing)
We are doing a good job but could do better. I also see a difference in work/life balance and stress levels between the various teams. I know the teams have been instructed to leave friday afternoons for wrapping up activities and winding down but I still see LT members scheduling meetings. I think some CRDs are doing a better job than others on these initiatives. I would also like to see meetings return to 55 mins (some days I have to mute myself to have a bio break because of back to back meetings).   Also, we have WAY too many systems that do not communicate which results in added work and stress. I have been seeing a lot of issues related to SIP and realize this is a necessary evil but it is tough on our teams to be the pioneers here while also maintaining our timelines. I'd like to see more collaboration amongst the teams within GCTO and MRL - I see a lot of silos with a lot of room for improvement (esp regarding communication).
Merck is really the best  place I ever worked
Keep political views and statements to a minimum.  Employees are wondering if this is the right place for me to be working and loyal customers are questioning their loyalties based on some of the statements and viewpoints voiced recently. Value the years of experience of team members and seek guidance from them. Going forward let the COViD guidance be to handle it as you and your customers feel safe with and mutually agreed upon. Follow state and local guidelines regarding COViD.  We are going to start losing customers and employees if we continue in the direction we are going.  Our competitors aren’t under the same stringent guidelines we are and it’s being noticed.
I think by in large we are on the right path and many of the changes will payoff big time in the future.  Keep maximizing today and building for the next decade
See comments from question 17.    Stop changing things that work after we figure it out.  Stop having the field do things that we never use or need.  Policy makers and attorneys need to go in the field with reps to see the affect of their policies good and bad.  Allow us to engage again now that many of the Covid restrictions have lifted. We don’t need to be doing busy work and attending redundant teleconferences .   Honestly,  Lung teleconferences, lung workshop, S2 lung workshop, lung competition workshop.  you absolutely have to bring back the PDG in its old form
Continue to build momentum around our shared mission.  Straying from our mission likely only limits our ability to achieve that mission.
Continue the great work.
work life balance focus (not just with words but with action)
We need greater pipeline focus, less conservative practices that limit speed and effectiveness (global safety)
Hiring enough workers/contractors to lower individual stress on each worker in IPT's that need the help.
To offer competitive salaries since our department has had a lot of people leave Merck to work at other companies for a much higher salary.
More opportunities for experienced workers.  Everything is geared to new or younger workers.  Or the same old people moved around at the higher levels.  Meanwhile, other productive workers with years of experience get pigeonholed doing what they do best.
Try to make the work environment more like a family environment. Not just work and deadlines.
That’s what our leaders who are making millions of dollars need to deliver on. When your CEO and President have a total combined income of 30 million  it is there responsibility to create an environment to make this company better.
increase vacation time, after the past 2 years of stress angst, COVID, high work load everyone could use some real time off. The US has disproportionately fewer days of vacation compared to the rest of the world.
Staff each group appropriately.  Significantly more staff is needed in some groups to be able to keep up with the workload.  More thought should be put into selecting individuals who are in leadership positions that are not people managers but have the responsibility of directing others daily work.  Managers should ensure that these individuals are modeling the ways of working.
Truly support diversity of thought. A lot of times, we are still doing our work "the way it was always done". Our department has a tradition to not value experience from other workplaces.
Rethink flexible work arrangements. Be more transparent about the state of the R&D pipeline and how the larger strategy influences and is influenced by it.  Provide feedback on how prior decisions have worked out (i.e. establishing discovery site in London, adding D&I to manager's priorities, acquisitions, etc.)
Overall, Merck does an outstanding job delivering on our mission and providing a safe and inclusive culture in the work place. We have strong, bold leaders who demonstrate they they value and care about our personal and professional well-being as well as the safety and well-being of our patients . However, I don't  believe it's in our best interest for leaders to become political at the risk of alienating some who do not share the same views. Also, clearly the pendulum has swung in a completely different direction due to many unfortunate events in 2020. As a result, it is my sincere hope that all of those who have been recognized, showcased and promoted at Merck have earned it in their own right based on merit alone. Thank you for the opportunity to complete this survey.
Merck should actually live the words that are spoken and not live them by "code".  Words make a difference and saying "diversity" and "inclusion" while meaning anything but what those words actually define, is divisive and counter productive.  Those words have completely lost anything close to true meaning.  These words are well known to anyone expressing an honest thought, to imply revenge and negativity to majority populations.  Changing and controlling language is a front line tool of anarchists, and any desires for moving forward in harmony should fight these current trends. Recent words and actions of Merck's current CEO have been alienating, counter productive and hateful.  It is disturbing to have a leader move to public forums and make statements based on ignorance of facts and solely on opinion.  His statements about the GA voting laws have been reprehensible, divisive, and unfortunately based on either no information or misinformation.  Did he not read the law before commenting?  Why at a time when
Absolve RAT tool. Allow employees to make local decisions after vaccination
Compared to colleagues  in the industry from other companies, MSD is lacking in both employee appreciation and compensation.
Less restrictions, focus on the customers and not just Academia.  Look toward the big players in the community
Continue efforts to reduce stress and support Work - Life Balance.
Allow flexibility in work location and hours to foster inclusivity.  Create a culture where this flexibility is embraced and accepted.
deveremos fazer o que falamos... walk the talk...
Take care of ALL of your employees during this time of crisis with Covid, not just some of them while the rest of us come in EVERY day to face this. No extra Hazard Pay, barely any recognition, no extra sick time should we get sick from the vaccine. Care for ALL of your employees, not just the ones you sent home in the beginning that are STILL sitting at home safe and sound! It's not right.
Continue to offer flexible working arrangements to be competitive with other companies.  Continue to value employee feedback and be transparent from the top down.
It feels like we are not managing change effectively, instead trying to change too much without understanding the consequences of that path, nor ensuring the change is correct.
Level out responsibilities of all the teams.  Production has not had a break and continues to show up to work every day while all of our support teams work from home.  Expectations should be the same across all teams.
Stop allowing management and coworkers to harass and belittle others! Stop allowing favoritism within groups! Actually follow the 12 inclusive behaviors not just talk about them as though they are being followed. Hold management accountable for their actions and for not showing employees any sense of direction! Have HR follow up with any concerns that have been discussed! Stop allowing management to keep employees from developing and grow within the company! Stop allowing management to keep employees at the same level just because they dislike them! Stop allowing them to bring multiple people in the department at higher levels/compensation and ruling current employees out because they don't like them NOT because they are not qualified! Stop allowing management to hire their friends at higher levels! Stop allowing pregnancy discrimination! Have HR look into situations like these as well! Especially when an employee has been here working in a department for years!
Be more transparent on hiring decisions and rationale.  Why can some people skip two levels?      Do more for our communities - for example, we know that there are difference in vaccination rates in certain populations, yet we only try to exist through existing budget and efforts.  Why not take a stand as a corporation and say that we will help close the gaps and make big, bold moves to show we are serious (like free vaccines for certain groups).  Things that really help patients and can get positive PR for Merck.
Stay off political platforms and focus on the patient.
I've been with Merck many years and have moved laterally to new roles throughout that time. I think Merck needs to do a better job of outlining a career path and ladder for its employees so they can progress and be promoted even while working in the same division or organization.
I feel Merck has done a tremendous job supporting their employees (from my personal perspective) during such a difficult and scary time.  The past year and a half I have felt very fortunate to work for Merck.  I feel confident Merck always does right for it's employees.
Open your horizon more, focus more on the rest of the world and not only on certain markets
My position is moving to West Point in 2022. There are no roles that I currently do in Rahway. Many positions are filled with Eurofin contractors that generate GLP Data.
Put ideas into action.  Make diversity and inclusion part of our culture and not the latest hot topic.  Encourage people managers to invest more in their people and developing talent that can move more freely laterally and upwards if they are an ideal candidate.  We need to be more open minded about the ideal candidates who fit the former mold for different role types.
As of now Merck and MSD are competing well with all the big pharma. With the strength of Immuno-oncology and Vaccines we need to maintain the pace to deliver better drugs. Failure of V590/591 vaccine candidates in clinic is one red flag that we need to think about. When Pfizer, J&J and Moderna could get their vaccines out, why we failed to so. It is the overall strategy that we chose is wrong or did mistakes in fast paced immediate vaccine development. As we know both V590/V591 are live vaccines, the route of administration must have been a parental route like nasal spray. Though we are leaders with our many successful vaccines we failed with SARS-COV2 vaccines. The lessons learnt from this should make us move forward with more strength to be successful all the time.
Continue to allow employees to be open and candid. Listen and value our feedback as many of us are talking directly to customers. Even if something worked well in a pilot program or Merck spent resources on a new capability, it doesn’t mean it is actually helpful or useful in real world settings .
Take more risks, streamline timelines in development by not overdoing everything and planning for speed rather than for perfect execution.
Ensure flexible work schedules and remote work remain in place for all employees long after the Covid-19 shutdown is over.
Cultivate a culture of Care beginning with the leadership team that everyone is committed to achieving. As we are working remotely, everyone is feeling the pull and non stop work. It's one thing for an individual to take vacation...the work and emails don't stop coming in and you feel compelled to not fully disengage for fear you'll be buried with work upon your return.  Great example is LinkedIn just gave their employees one week off with rules in place so no one could send each other emails or work to complete so everyone was able to breathe. We are coming close (if we're not there already) to a tipping point and something needs to be done.
Work to ensure that the new digital technologies that are being rolled out are as efficient as they can be.
I am proud to be a Merck employee.  Keep performing the actions that are aligned with the company's stated mission.  Remain vocal about racial injustice and the importance of inclusion and diversity.  Continue with COVID-19 updates and other business briefings about our pipeline and Merck's broader plans.
Actively sponsor digital programs and projects with action, not just talk.  Have Leaders model the behaviors they want to see with digital projects, not just talk about them.  Continue the workplace flexibility provided during the pandemic, it's been a great way to achieve some work/life balance that me and my family really appreciate.
Right now it is not safe to speak up if you have a dissenting opinion. I would like to see that change. I would also like to see more opportunities for personal development, growth and advancement, especially for women. Management is still predominately male.
need more millennials in the workforce to balance
Stay focused on business of patient care. Stay out of politics.
keep up the good work!
Continue the strong importance to diversity and inclusion Ken Frasier set forth for the company and continue to be a leader and an example for other large organizations to do the same.
Is my beter experience, and my dream Work in MSD
Continue the great work!
Continue to support a culture of support developing medicines to patients and providing access globally
No additional comments
Continue to be fair to everyone no matter the race
Merck is already a great place to work. It is the best company I have ever worked for in my almost 20 year career. The fact that many employees have been with the company for a significant amount of time is a direct correlation that it is a great place to work.
I am on my 3rd role in the past year in part due to re-orgs.  This has impacted my ability to grow and develop my career.  The process for acquiring the resources and technology needed to work from home is cumbersome and obscure.  Many of our processes, specifically Med/Legal (PRT) review, are antiquated and are holding us back from innovation.
Provide more support to first line managers through resources and tools that improve efficiencies. I also recommend that various groups that interact with first line managers need to start providing supplemental resources for pull-through to employees rather than only supplying to the manager for the manager to then create pull-through with his/her team.
-Ways of Working has been beneficial. However, request for changes or new ways of working is consistently met with "not in our policy and procedure" and the answer is overwhelmingly no. It is only with incessant cry of changes does the item be addressed. We are way too inflexible as a company and consistently behind our competitors and other large companies
great pipeline and strong science to work with; competitive compensation for employees
Take a leap of faith with talent. Not all the expertise is always there but if an employee has the drive, the talent, and determination, helping good employees venture into doing new things can become a strong asset. I honestly feel that in our organization, even though people go to interviews, the jobs have been assigned previously. Speaking up!
Keep hearing your emplyees
The changes we are making right now are important, but we need more time to implement successfully.
Workload balancing between IPT's.
Focus on sales numbers and not mindless metrics that only favor representatives who want to sit on a computer all day instead of moving the needle.
Look to their employees and recognize that we are working to much. At this moment, we are working too many hours and we are under a lot of pressure and stress. Please take care of us, as we deserve, and please STOP so many internal meetings and bureaucracy. Give us the time we need to do a good job, be creative and productive! Please!
Help every employee to develop a carreer pathway. Help the employees to feel empowered in their jobs. To continue supporting the employees in this hard time
This is a good company.  I have been impressed by the company's response to the pandemic.  As a worker in the US,  political unrest and racial injustice are forefront in my mind.  Every time Mr. Frazier spoke publicly about such issues, going all the way back Aug2017 and his decision to leave then President Trump's Manufacturing Council, I was proud to work for him.
Reward Overperforming employees with a promotion and adjustment of the subpar salary
Continue to further standardize and define regional vs site level roles/responsibilities.
Merck has done more than enough in accommodating my childcare situation during this once in a century pandemic. I appreciate it. Please keep up all the good work!
Retain talent and increase onboarding efficiencies
More development/career opportunities
Increase basic science training resources
Treat your employees as and asset and as human beings not just as numbers on a spreadsheet to try and figure out how to get the most work out of the fewest people.  Merck preaches community and environmental improvements but our actions show the biggest factor is MONEY!!!   Example - changing over to single use bioreactors and mixers.  This will create a large amount of plastic going to the landfill and there is little being talked about on what can be done to recycle this plastic.   When employees bring up ideas for improving work or the environment these ideas are generally put on the back burner and forgotten about until someone needs a good idea at a meeting and brings it up while taking credit for the idea.  Employees need to be rewarded for bringing up new ideas and for working together as a team.  The loud and arrogant worker/manager/director should not constantly be put ahead of the humble and quiet employee.   Nice employees and polite employees are NOT weak.
We need to be able to reduce the volume of email received.  It is a time killer and distracts me from doing my job as effectively and efficiently as possible.
Rewards and encourage to develop internal hard working talents rather than ignoring them
improve the work-personal life balance, be able to talk about mistakes without being judge or blamed on.
Allow employees to expense home office equipment. Otherwise, I'm very satisfied with the steps already in place!
Rewiew their regional process of hiring, in my own experience I've participated in several interal job postings for Local Market/Operating positions and I never received feedback about my perfomance in the process (all of them rejections) after be communicated with the final result.  With out that feedback I don't know which steps follow to improve my opportunities areas and work to be a better participant of these hiring processes. Sometimes it feels like BSC is understimated in these processes.
Create clear guidelines and encourage work life balance  Provide tools and support to make home office comfortable and healthy  Promote healthy habits
Hera directly the opinion of the employees without having fear of any retaliation for being honest and each worker should be judged on the result of their own work. And when evaluating an employee, the opinion that should be most valued is those of those who work directly with the person, for example in the case of CRAs the opinion of their CRM is important but in the other way this would also be valid. CRMs should be evaluated by their CRAs and Clinical Trial Team for feedback to be fair and objective.
I feel confident that once the company is able will provide COVID-19 vaccine to its employees.
I would appreciate more transparency regarding discontinuation of programs for the people who worked on those programs. I understand that the intention may be to avoid insider training or similar activities, but it did not feel right that I found out about the discontinuation of Merck's COVID vaccine from the Wall Street Journal before I heard from the company.
I think it is important to continue to heed the advice a workers as they are currently doing.
A few suggestions/items for feedback:  - Have a clearly defined path to promotions & upward mobility in the company - Implement permanent fully remote & hybrid work policies, even after the pandemic subsides - Provide access to working equipment (monitors, keyboards, headsets, etc.) during and after the pandemic - Greater visibility into how various job functions/positions across IT impacts bottom-line revenue, P&L - Easier access to platforms, it's a very cumbersome process to get access to CIM (within HH IT) for example
I love working at Merck and have found it to be a very supportive and engaging workplace full of opportunities.  I do find that we are poor at prioritizing work and this negatively impacts my (and my team members) ability to balance work and professional life.
1) continue to grow inclusively 2)  Increase focus on core R&D looking 5-10-20 years out and be flexible to adapt on the fly to systematic, governmental changes along the way. 3) from #2 above, do not let Wall Street be the 'tail that wags the dog'.  Everything and every business goes through lifecycle transition; we need to be always resolute when we are in the valleys
Increase cell phone amount for Sales’ Teams.
Use data to make decisions. Use less buzzwords in executive management and rather give facts and arguments.
Continue to engage with all employees. Less D and I and more on business oriented solutions
MSD is working and greatly empowering the employees to achieve the company goals and the personal goals for the employees
Increase Recognition on a wider company level
I think that middle Management need to be trained to see the importance of Diversity and Inclusion in our Business Outcomes
I am excited to see the structure that we put around remote employment in the US - once there are team members back in the office.  Ensure that remote workers feel included and part of the team will be critical to the initiative.
Respect, Communicate I would like to see people talk to you and not at you.  Too many meetings are being set up , but nothing gets settle majority of the time.
Make it easier to convert good contractors to Merck employees.  We have two excellent resources that we may lose because hiring them outright is not a huge savings, but losing their talent will result in hidden costs as we try to train new contractors to know what these folks know.  They bring years of experience and knowledge that is not readily available 'on the street'.  I understand we don't want to just convert anyone we don't want to lose, but converting someone who would be a benefit to Merck for years to come makes sense, even when it's not a black and white dollar savings.
Need less politics pushed at us. Trust your salesforce. More communication to ensure we don't learn from our distributors calling to ask us what's going on and we have no idea. I get Diversity and inclusion, but right now being a middle aged white male seems to be a negative.. I worked my tail off to get into Animal Health because that's where I wanted to be. Merck is where I wanted to be!!! I am glad I am here and have worked diligently to meet or beat my sales quotas. I used to get comments from customers that they don't ever see sales reps until I started coming around. Now I get asked if I am ever going to come see them. I have been red and unable to see customers. Time to get back to bringing value and attention to our customers!!!
To give more tools to those who are working at home due to Covid 19 pandemic in order to comply with the company requirements and in order also to keep our teams motivated
Include sales in development of marketing resources, strategy etc.  Sales and marketing still work in silos after all these years.
Stay a leader. Trust employees more. Comparable pay to the market value
The company should stay away from politics.  The company should also promote more their internal talent rather than looking outside for talent and expertise...
Merck should continue to allow more flexibility on working from home to balance work and home responsibilities after the Pandemic.
My biggest concern as a Merck employee is job security. It seems reorganization is constantly taking place, and the idea of being left without a chair when the music stops is a constant concern.
Continued support of their employees during these most unusual times.
continue in the mode of community spirit -
Continue to support your employees and give them the flexibility needed in this new world of working.  Spread WoW to all departments so teams are more open minded to new approaches and ideas.  Continue to look for ways to innovate from our customer's perspective.   Proactively address and dialogue against "big pharma" negative discussions to highlight all of the  great work we are doing so we don't need to feel like we are on defense all the time. We need to reshape that discussion.
Expand the support for Remote Worker authorization and actively support making the employees home environment for work as Ergonomically safe as the on-site offices. In the course of the COVID pandemic, we have struggled to make do without being able to purchase proper chairs, desks, etc. I have laid out over $500 in order to have a standing desk and office chair.  While my work location is officially RY, I have only been to the office twice in over a year now.
Continue to expand the BD department and fund new investments to ensure the company's future remains viable.
Keeping the standard of clear transparency
Invest in more oncology products
The plans for return to work seem to be moving to a full open-office concept, where individual employees have no assigned space.  This is not likely to be a positive working environment for all employees, but rather is a "one-size fits all" approach that will likely reduce employee willingness to spend time in the office as well as decrease engagement and (ironically) undermine collaboration.
Put the cancer centers first.  Use Compliance as a resource and not an obstacle to helping providers help patients.
Allow leadership to strategize and not manage tactically.
continue to foster an environment where team members feel inclined to not only share new ideas and solutions but are given the support and buy in from  management/department to act on those ideas and solutions. This idea supports our ways of working framework.
As we come out of the pandemic, there will be some major shifts in our ways of working again.  We're currently at a point, where the virtual calls and workload is overwhelming.  The work from home situation leads to the belief that everyone is always available.  It's increasingly hard to do actual work with always being on a call.  There needs to be a focus to break this cycle moving out of the pandemic and letting people do their work.
Continue providing resources for those new to roles or even growing in their roles. Something such as classes on various processes, tactics, etc. would help anyone round out their job and allow them to be the best!
be open to maintaining a more flexible working model (eg hybrid wfh/in person)
Establish innovative technologies in our pipeline, e.g. cell & gene therapies, new modalities. A bold change in our pipeline would help drive innovation and inspire talent to choose Merck over other companies.
Senior leadership making decisions that are objective and data-driven rather than reactive and driven by personalities.
Let people work where they want to and evaluate based on their contributions
Merck is great place to work. The culture is really awesome.
Continue to work on transparency in senior management decision making that impacts regular employees
Provide clarity on the vision of the company and the companies it acquires. Too much disconnect between regional, national and global communications.
Nothing they are doing a good job on hiring a diverse workforce and it's a great place to work.
IT infrastructure lags behind the industry
There has been good progress made in terms of cultural change to become more agile, and this must continue. However, there has been no progress on managing employee workload/stress/burnout. In fact, it is moving in the wrong direction. There are only 2 main ways to do this - hire more people or do less work. Senior leadership should take drastic measures, like BMS did in the area of meetings, to achieve real change and address these urgent problems.
1) Aggressively augment the pipeline with less reliance on Oncology, 2) Actively strip down the bureaucracy, 3) Understand how Merck truly differentiates in customer minds, from the pack (get the truth), 4) Then, obsess about how to augment our differentiation from other pharmas (beyond the product specifications)
To help new hires to understand new ways of working and develop team capabilities
Ensure that company culture is better distilled down to various teams, especially within Animal Health. I would like to see greater transparency on how we change this "workaholic" culture where we've moved from traveling the globe to support countries, creating and implementing strategy, to sitting behind a computer for 10-12 hours a day, without recognition or appreciation. I believe in the company I work for, and the mission I am participating in - I do not feel as though the leaders within my organization have the same values directed towards their teams.
Ensure alignment across and hold accountable our entire workforce to our mission of delivering drugs to patients and aspirations towards a diverse and fully inclusive environment.  I see many individuals that either are not proactive in driving us to be better.
Identify waste in the company before squeezing budget for projects that may add value.
Continue to be fair to everyone regardless of who they are or where they come from.
We need to level the playing field when it comes to digital and data solution.  We work to slow.  Funding is already allocated months in advance of a project leaving no room for innovations that come from the business and need support/funding.  Our digital/data funding needs to be more agile, more room for POC work that comes from the business.  Sometimes a solution seems out of date by the time we implement.  We do work agilely, that is true, but funding is NOT.  We have too many BI self-serve platforms, it is wasteful.  We should choose one and move on.  Not to mention confusing for the business in terms of which one to use/choose when it does not really matter most of the time.  Research shows that having an innovative company means you level the hierarchy and make decisions locally rather than at high levels.  Give control of funding to lower levels and see how this works. Do an experiment.  Provide local P4/P5 digital/data leads funding to use the money they see fit for POCs
Stop allowing the political/social environment to drive our actions and focus.  Allow our customers and patients to drive our actions and focus.  I am not allowed to speak up without ridicule.
Continue to focus on work/life balance and Diversity.  While Merck is a great company to work for and I feel blessed to have been here over 20 years, more can be done to be inclusive.  I know there are plans to address the issue.
A large number of excellent analysts and scientists are leaving my area of the company, (vaccines/MRL).  In previous years, someone leaving our department was a rare event.  Now I see someone leaving about every week.  This is a large turn over rate.  I am alarmed by this rate of attrition.  I am not sure what to attribute it to other than folks are not happy with the current operation/management and their individual place in the company.  There are relatively few avenues for advancement and people cannot develop their careers.
Rebalance workloads and backfill to allow movement in Quality MMD.
People are Merck's key to success ; organizations across IT needs to be staffed in a balanced way to deliver on business needs.
Local HR Lead is doing a great job on work prioritization and is well able to say.... No / Not this year / Not HR supported. HRBP role encompasses significant, complex & time consuming project management responsibilities. As an example,  specification, budgeting, deployment, implementation, upgrading, and ongoing communication & administration of sitewide T&A system. We need help in the project management space, this work is business critical and consumes a lot of HRBP time.
Empathy to people, even though Covid is our new normal (it's not normal), does not means that you are working with machines. People has necessities (family, health, stress).  Working 10-12 hours a day and some weekends to meet metrics in a non ergonomic environment is very difficult.
I think we are making strides to do things differently but I do know that we are known as the company that is ultra conservative and I’m not sure that is in our best interest anymore- people were shocked that we entered into an agreement with Gilead- and the comment was they like Gileads products but Merck’s people
pipeline growth expand innovative medicines and showcase how current workplace fits in the plans
To be extremely honest, it's not that I'm not supported, but there is a tremendous amount of work that gets allocated to the bare amount of resources. People are overworked and the decision to hire more people is extremely political and cumbersome. It takes anywhere between 6 months to a year to hire / promote / transition people and it's frustrating. Many times it feels like there are so many levels of approvals to go through to get the okay to update or develop a business process.
It’s a pleasure to work for Merck and a great company that cares about its employees. Here are a few areas for improvement. First,  Please consider removing the salary cap for Field Sales Employees.  Second, Please raise our bonus dollar amount. Our bonus range has not changed in 10 years. In fact, for many of us the bonus range was lowered for us when they made changes to the bonus. Our cost of living, health insurance, taxes, cost of the monthly company car fees have all increased for the past ten years, but our bonuses have not along with our salary caps have remained the same. The Field Sales also no longer receives RSUs or stock options, while upper management does receive these benefits, please reconsider they long term incentives for your great Merck hardworking, dedicated employees.
Merck has to change how employees are evaluated and better trained managers to provide coaching and feedback.  The culture of the rating is creating silos and people work for themselves to better performed and not for the team objectives, this also creates unnecessary and sometimes unhealthy competition among the employees.  Also managers do a poor job at providing feedback and coaching.  In the last 21 years I can count on one hand the number of managers I had who had done a good job.  Also Merck should not underestimate the psychological impact of the 360 feedback process and a manager that is unqualified to provide feedback.  This can really destroy someone.  Some people take advantage of this process to destroy others.  It is time for a revolution of Merck  culture and evaluation of performance.
To keep on working hard on builiding an inclusive environment. We have been walking thru the diversity but a lot of work to be done in terms of inclusiveness
The silos need to go away and senior leaders need to empower the organization.  Sr leaders make decision with a fraction of the information and with silo'd data.  The devil is in the details so a decision is made that cannot be implemented.  Then there is work driven because rarely do decisions get 'undone' so the organizations re-prioritizes because that what's senior management decided.  So if you have a strong network, you can completely circumvent peers and drive decisions that are not in the best interest of the company, just by who you know.
Look to decrease the cost of operations that employees are shouldering - storage, high speed internet for example
Continue to find ways to help employees with work/ life balance. Asking people to end meetings 10 min early, or not hold meetings on Friday afternoons is great if people were to comply. My day consists of back-to-back meetings for 6-8 hours straight with no time for breaks, or to get any actual work done. Answering emails and reviewing documents needs to happen off hours in order to be completed. Working 60+ hours a week is not sustainable, however I don't know how to get my work done otherwise.
Streamline and simplify the posting and hiring process. Get people onboarded more efficiently. It should not take months and months to go from posting an opening to getting someone in to add to a team. Its horribly inefficient and gives a bad 1st impression for new hires.
I think nonsense bureaucracy is so deeply rooted in the company that there is no way out. Merck 100% risk-avoidance culture blocks the way for empowering employees to take certain level of decisions. This is the foundation for it all, so all the rest cannot change
Have more one on one trainings, make sure the employee understand Merck's process
Give people incentive and acknowledge their worth via equitable salary. Merck seems to be on the lower to middle end when it comes to industry standards for salaries, and salary adjustments should be based on merit and the value you bring to Merck.
Continue caring for people
I'm so glad that Merck has taken a stand against voter restriction laws recently.  It makes me glad to be able to work for a Company with a conscience!
Hone in on Diversity among Women leaders and tie Senior leader performance and promotions to cultivating the next leaders in the company, tangible results.  When people feel they are being invested in and are provided with equity this translates to delivering on our mission.  Also keep in mind the we need to be nimble and move quickly on many facets, we are impacting people's lives and people's livelihoods, its imperative that we take this with urgency.
Make smarter business decisions.
I think management needs to be more realistic about how much work is within reason (knowing that some times are busier than others) and be willing to make real time, impactful changes when the work load is unrealistic.  People will burnout if the expectation is that we will continually succeed to exceed expectations despite the amount of work we are asked to do.  I can see many people on my team, including myself, starting to wear out.
- Communicate how work places will change post pandemic / be open to different type of work arrangements  - Stop planning so much (too much time invested in forecasting) and be more focus on flawless execution - More long term view rather than just short term approach
I like the continuous updates about the pandemic and the increased benefits that have recently been rolled out to employees.
To develop new, important drugs/vaccine as a basis of our activity
I feel the right people are in place and with the right intentions to simplify our working envirnment so its an much more effective way to help us add value to our customers and pateints. We need to really focus on this as I believe we need to transition our mind set quickly from being a large predominantly primary care organisation to a much smaller, much nimbler specialty care company.
1.Invest in existing talent if you want to retain them.   2.Ensure equity across MRL in distributing resources.  We cannot deliver on our mission without the people to do the work in GRACS.  Current state allows for no work/life balance. 3. Do a sweep to ensure compensation is competitive with industry standards.  People are working harder over the last year and putting in long hours and knowing that they are at least compensated for their efforts will help retention.
Simplify and empower.  Too much control from the top.
Focus on the medicine, creating new innovative products in a quicker timeframe  and not get involved in politics that can negatively impact our business.   We also need to add jobs for the right people and not creating extra jobs in a top heavy manor.   We need to work on agility as a company.
Enhance coaching culture
To Keep continuing change for adapting environment surrounding us.
We continue to hold people and projects to unrealistic timelines without providing the resources to make them possible or adjusting our processes to make them possible.  Then we add to that requirements to do things faster and more with less every year.  This is demoralizing and exhausting.  If we keep asking people to do this much, with no breaks and no way to succeed they will leave.  We have to give people work they can succeed at and the resources needed to succeed.  We say that we do those things but we don't actually follow through on them.  The message is clear, just toughen up and get through it.
For my country , we need the fresh and matured skilled personnel from the industry.
focus on the development of leaders/managers.  Targeting managers as a critical link will help them and their direct reports.  Mid level managers support throughout the organization will make and keep connections strong.
home based work encourage
Increase the 4% of African Americans in Senior Leadership Roles
Proactive and Transparent communication with Top 200 leaders - opportunity to develop the Top 200 Leadership team into one Team from a mindset and behavior perspective.  Evaluate Top 200 to be insiders so group is all aligned to company goals and work as a team to address issues and opportunities.  important to focus all efforts to eliminate the silos that remain within the company between divisions and functions.  Drive an enterprise approach to the organization - key to our future ways of working.
Take more risk. Experiment. Less conservative. Merck vs BMS for patient access program has significant gap,
Merck is already a great place to work. Excited to be part of the new Merck, and embark on the journey of evolving to become a leading bio-pharma company.
Align salaries and bonuses with the work performed and strive to be competitive with similar companies as Merck does at the executive level.   Promote based on the best candidate with the most experience, strengths, skills versus arbitrary corporate goals on  genders, races, sexual orientations, religions unrelated to the position.
more share to remove barrier across workplace and increase motivation with new ways of working during pandemic
flexible and comfortable atmosphere.
continue to work to breakdown the barriers of having women in senior leadership & executive roles.
Optimize the time spent in meetings. Assign time slots for participants to join meetings, when possible. Add no meetings days to the work calendar (Fridays, days prior to Holidays (e.g. Christmas, etc.). This will help the teams catch-up on action items during working hours.
It would be even better than already is that each member in managerial level communicate more with their subordinates and attributes tasks evenly among them regardless of personality difference from person to person.
I would be grateful if there is more connections between different function.
We don't be diverse and included enough. In particular, we have unconscious bias for promoting younger generation and gender in Japan.
Implement a successful flexible work strategy
Better planning (all aspects).
Be empathic and consider that every country has different situations that make that company goals are achieved by extra and additional efforts depending in the COVID-19, politcal and health situation of each country.
Hire the best qualified candidate for a position stay out of the politics at the national level from upper management
Brings Future pipeline products to reduce disease burden,like diabetes, hypertension & CKD
Make effort to listen into employee perspective instead of finger pointing and/or jumping into conclusion. Gap between upper and lower management can be improved by having a transparent open discussion, sharing of information and inclusion.
Provide clear direction and engagement. Hire the right leaders and groom the potential ones.
Review and update medical benefits scheme to keep pace with healthcare costs and pharmaceutical industry benchmark.
skip level 1:1 with directors for those who needed
More flexible arrangements - including management (e.g., remote work) when we return to the office.
Slow down the pace of change
Continues working with MSP principles to be applied to MMD processes and alignment between divisions to be more efficient
Work life balance that we can work from home . appreciation on employee eg certificate , reward
Make sure we can react quicker to respond to a future situation similar to COVID.
Add more resources in departments especially EHS and procurement so people can do their work in a proper way and create extra time for improvement and prevention
Figure out the right & key priorities within one period instead out lots of big initiatives in parallel to ensure we have the focus and balance the work Pay more attention to talent development  and competitive promotion path VS the market
MSD should to simplify the business Process, and not to make the process more and more complex. and the process makes the business disefficiency
Continue to hire Talents and continue to change the ways of working
Use agile and SCRUM appropriately where it makes sense. Improve customer service. Improve work-life-balance by not setting unrealistic revenue goals which cannot be reached.
Some kind of professional encouragement such as promotions or performance appreciation. All these things help an employee feel better or great in a company.
I have only been with MSD for 3 months, so this is difficult to answer, but better IT help would make a difference
Embrace modern ways of working, especially given our experiences during the pandemic. Allow employees to adopt remote working/hybrid working patterns where possible.
There is an extremely high work load and a lot of pressure on each individual. There is little room to have an "off" day or having reduced capacity for any reason. Providing more room to breath and ensuring work-life balance for it's employees, would make MSD a better place to work with more satisfied employees, which in turn would allow us to deliver on our mission in a better way.
all promoted approaches (like diversity and inclusion, ways of working) need to be implemented, still these topics are just mails for me that we are only reading. The managers have to be trained really well and company has to make the managers examplary leaders. If this is so hard, at least control mechanisms should take place for managers. I am not working in equal, fair environment, it is effecting my motivation. I do not feel sense that belonging MSD like I felt two years ago. It may be just related with our local organization. While I am working with regional colleagues I feel more supported, confident and valued.
More opportunity to promotion
open listening to FF team
Live up to the mantra of work life balance. It is stated however not practiced.
more work life balance (encourage manager level & subordinate level to not work until late night). need to balance each person job scope
Perhaps a greater transparency on some of the challenges and opportunities that the industry and company expect to be facing in the next 5-10 years. Greater consistency/continuity of approach with some of our external stakeholders and perhaps a more clearly articulated financial story about the health of the company. Most colleagues are not familiar with P&L, balance sheets etc and greater clarity here would help greater focus around the world
Simplify processes with less digital systems and adapt "legal & compliance standards" to the changing environment.  Let's focus on hospitals, as they are our main customers, using a Business to Business approach. And develop Account  Based Marketing to support Account Management.
Employees should be asked for feedback, but the MSD culture is not to inform upper managers because it has consequences, better to write "everything is perfect" and to discuss serious problems among us. Sincerely, no idea what to do other than change company
Make sure that the tools that we use are fit for purpose (clear and efficient work processes). Now systems are created by very good IT people and do not really fit the job. A tool is successful when the users think it is (and not the creators or managers).  Further more we need global tools that do not yet exist. We need a quality maintenance tool for all periodic qualification/validation/assessment activities. It should show the actual quality status of a system/dept/plant/division with a push on a button. Compare it with SAP but then for quality. It is stupid that all sites have to think of a proper quality oversight system for them selves and many many colleagues are spending too much time updating lists and generating and checking overviews.
work and life balance
Driving greater consistency in our standards, working environments and work demands / resource availabilities across the markets and divisions of entire company.
Currently job security is top of mind for me considering the restructure that is taking place. I would like to see steps that secure our business and ensure long terms job security.
- Open mind communication from the top management, HR (a see a lot of politics)) - Think twice before new restriction implementation (e.g. GIF restriction in our social media - good intentions, very bad communicated and easy to avoid)
Improve worklife balance
I already shared my wish about the fact that MSD/Merck should be more involved in environmental initiatives.  I also think that the company should review the internal processes to be more flexible, more agile. Our development process is too long and it seems that other compaines are better than us in this key aspect of our business. We need to change our thinking on this aspect, for the company but also for the patients.
Continue to work on work-life balance of employees. Some people are having the agenda that is above 100% of headcount. Revise the responsibilities and cluster some of them.
let people bring new and fresh ideas
MSD should look to streamline and innovate systems & WoW to remove redundant or laborious tasks where possible. It should continue with flexible workplaces and also flexible locations as this pandemic has shown it doesn't matter where we sit (country, office etc.) we all do our jobs well and flexibility will allow employees to have that better work-life balance.
Let employee choose himself how the ideal place to work has to look like.
Keep your employees safe and healthy
Ressources /support on administrative tasks like making POs, MAH event, T/E's etc. is taking up a lot of time. My time being in the field and executing projects which influences the sales is better spend.
being more open to different ways of doing things, if we want to be commercially focused site, we have to find faster and less complicated ways of getting paper work through systems, eg HAZOPs, GCMs, QRAs. All of these take months and months to complete, we need to make processes more simplified and streamlines whilst still adhering to regulation. perhaps benchmarking against other companies who introduce fast NPIs would be a good idea.
To get everybody vaccinated so we can go back to doing business as usual.... #gettingtiredofcovid
From the moment that we realized that the restrictions around quarantine are here to stay, you should have allowed us to take some equipment from the office to work better from home: office chairs and monitors. Giving us for couple of months 750czk is nothing.
Do not ignore the support function which are under extreme time pressure most of the year. Most of tasks are done for the sake of meeting the deadlines rather that generating the value.
more people to get the job done and have time left to focus on (personal) developments.
using the current pandemic dynamic as a propeller, leverage more on the flexibility of working going forward (work from home, flexibility in time etc) and it will be great to have more support on infrastructure for working from home
Keep focusing on patient-centric culture, people development, diversity, and inclusion
Reduce the number of internal meetings and training - focus on those that are really necessary for a certain role.
simplify the non primary processes: change control, purchasing etc. + the digital landscape of Merck/MSD is a jungle.
Fewer procedures and a faster IT legal department
Stop inventing new initiatives and fix the bugs in the ways we make decisions. Fix the existing electronic systems and use them efficiently, rather than replacing them with new systems that underperform for the first couple of years and trigger a new set of stop gap procedures in Excel/Sharepoint/Access that address the shortfalls . Digital is just a buzz word and not new either. Stop pushing a plethora of internal social media, newsletters, sways,.... that at least I have no use for, or even time to read. Realize that MSD is already hugely diverse simply through the fact that it covers the rest of the world with many nationalities and cultures. The D&I program is very US (problem) centric. Why is there no program/training available that creates awareness how people in different countries work, communicate and collaborate? Don't get me wrong. Still a great place to work!
- Communications - they are long and often done for the sake of communications. They should be short and focused on actions - Strategy - what is our next bold move, where should we invest disproportionally? - MRL - we are super excited about our research, but most of the big products we have are coming from M&A. What is really disruptive we got from the lab last time?  - Transparency on job postings and promotions - Clear marketing career pathway - from undergrad to marketing leads - Risk taking - if the risk impact is low, accept the risk and move forward (e.g. the fine for potential incorrect messaging is 3k USD, but this risk blocks completely a 200-300k USD campaign from going live) - Working with patients and HCPs - be more open from Medical and Compliance perspective to new ways to communicate and not be fixated around old SOPs (e.g. PV asked our provider to install a FAX (!!!) because email is not secure enough to transfer data (!!!)
Better prioritize. Do more "right first time" than "continuous course correcting".
stabilize structures for more than 1 year , identify future needs ahead of time and drive employee development into those future skillset
Promote employees' ownership and set high productivity, quality and compliance standards.
Availability of more permanent or longer term temporary contracts at MSD would help to maintain resources at the level needed to achieve the targets of the company
Focus on expanding MPS knowledge and experience
Further Ways of Working and D&I
Encourage internal hiring. most of the opening are externally hired, while we have great profiles internally that can be a better fit.
Complicated, burdensome SOPs and processes are a drag on performance. The product pipeline doesn't seem as rosy as the pictured painted by the company.
Stay true to their values Make sure we develop our why and our purpose at work Keep having an extraordinary culture of teaming, sharing and innovating Keep experimenting on more efficient ways of working Challenging procedures and existing ways of doing things. Make people to stay relevant  People Upskilling and reskilling    Keep true with the patient commitment
tell us what will happen after Organon split
Develop a compelling office matrix environment
Diversity and inclusion is not a slogan said by leadership team. They need to walk the talk.
Look forward, not backwards, allow young and fresh mind overcome old limitations and fears.
Allow personal and financial grow for employees within their original roles, which they exceeded (duties have changed during the course of time, but position / role not), without the need for applying for different position.
Stop preaching politics to employees and focus on our jobs and making sure processes run smoothly instead of putting too much emphasis on diversity and inclusion training. It's getting old, fast.
Continue the great job
As a whole Merck is doing great at progressing for the future. My site, however, is focused too much on safety to the point where all of the programs being implemented are having the opposite result.  There is too much red tape and politics involved in things going on behind the scenes.
Better work life balance
More alignment across the network/sites, at the moment every site needs to develop there own processes which means we have difficulty with site-to-site processes. this is very time consuming and inefficient (potentially non-complaint)
Take care of employees... don’t take bonus dollars from successful employees and give to unsuccessful employees. Also, when you have a successful year, the next year’s sales goal is higher. If you were not rewarded for the successful year, you are being punished twice... no bonus and higher sales goal the next year.
allow many more opportunities to do 1-y assignments - out of the silos
Focus on effective Training
Employee work/life balance is a massive challenge. New WoW and COVID have somehow increased the workload with online meetings and calls which leaves very little time to focus on actual work.
Review resource planning and loading across the site organisation to ensure that there are sufficient resources in place to deliver on the key milestones at the site
Stock options : ) Work to be more agile. Create a "Merck University" to give employees access to technical training. Software/programming, CRSPR, chemistry constant change requires constant learning.
Recognize the impact of increased quality and safety compliance on staff resources, and how it impacts their ability to maintain responsibilities while harmonizing and gap assessing long standing policy/procedures based on a reformatted, but otherwise similar QMS.
Have a closer workload management and tool development to facilitate work.
When priorities have to change, the employees should receive positive feedback regarding changing their priorities. Successes need to be more celebrated
Ensure all managers have their regular 1:1 and listen
Have a clear focus per department (Top 3). Accept consequences of focus (prio above other stuff).  Stimulate balance: work-life, sport, mindfullness. Especially in COVID-19 times. Integrated and fast IT systems that generate meaningful reports to get oversight.
I think they have done a great job keeping their employees safety and well being as there most important obligation but I think that needs to remain the focus going forward, even after distribution of the vaccines.  I think this is a whole new world that we are living in but I have the upmost confidence that Merck will keep that in mind going forward and remain overly cautious about this situation and hopefully remain flexible to there employees wants and needs.
Stop expanding the salary ranges within Band Levels.
Merck should continue to encourage employees to expand their interests within the company. The more exposure employees are given to expand past their role, gives them more motivation to give more to the company.  I for example see myself growing with Merck.
Hire more people or take more churn out of the work process.  We are all working more than 40 hours with no end in sight.  We are constantly being asked to do more and more work but nothing is taken away. We are constantly being asked to do more with less.
Flex with on site work and at home work when possible.
Continue to keep us informed on how the company is handling COVID and how we are continuing to work in a positive but safe direction.
There is room to improve on work life balance, i think there needs to be more sponsorship on this from the Senior Management across the business
Forced PTO - seems people have large balances of PTO that is not used.
Continue listening to employees, as MSD always does!
Consider changing compensation to retain employees longer than 3-5 years. Constant turnover in lower levels wastes a lot of resources as new employees re-learn what was lost. It seems like hypocrisy when upper management compensation at Merck leads to low turnover. Yet low level employees are forced to leave the company in order to advance.
Reduce less work loads and provide more time for experienced staff with great recommendations. Providing the right tools to certain jobs that differ from other jobs within the same team
Continue to provide a balance between work life and home life.  Continue to advocate for a promote broadly across the company D&I initiatives and mindset so all will adopt eventually.
At this moment we are facing unprecedented times,  we are working from home,  where the employee covers all the expenses to work,  this means that water, energy, internet, food  bills  are higher,  however our paycheck is technically the same.    Also we do not have an ergonomic place work so it affects our heath or our pocket to work from home without any of the appliances we have at the office.   just with the chairs that we use in the office the improvement would be significant in the quality of life of the employees.
My wallet was stolen from my office recently and only a few days after the site implemented badge-required entries to the building (RY800). Evidently, this is useless. This is the first time this happened to me but this has happened multiple times already to other people. I think that this is a very serious problem that needs to be addressed. Of course, thieves have taken advantage of the fact that a lot of people are working from home, so they have more chances to roam freely around the building. Security needs to be more proactive in our buildings.
Focus on the right people and leaders which create great environment to work especially in these times.
Engage in real dialogue. Engage in real change. Move this conversation out of the hands of SVPs and AVPs. They don't get it. They have admins to support all their work, activities. They are like the princes running a kingdom. Good people. Good intent, but you need to engage in psychologically safe conversations with Sr. Specialists, Associate Directors in Commercial GHH. These are the real worker bees. We know how the sausage is made, we know what our leaders actually do vs. what they say on webcasts. We need large transformational meaningful change. Take the conversation to the people that do the majority of the work. If I had an admin helping schedule all my calls, a Chief of Staff to draft all my presentations, I too might be able to focus more on the strategic innovation that is required. The metaphor is - Maslow's hierarchy of needs. My peers and I are focused on food, water and shelter. We are a long way from self-fulfillment/actualization. I have hope, but it's running low.
future direction of within the company. Labeled.
revisit or reassessment the pays to their team members whom worked in the company for 15 years plus, it was noted the New employee get paid more than people committed to Merck Mission for years...and the one train the new employees
Acknowledge realities with performance expectations given impact of COVID. Compel an oncology culture/rewards & recognitions that helps to consistently attract and retain key talents.
Provide support, training, and resources to help managers with people management skills
Continue doing exactly as is!  During this pandemic, which has been difficult and stressful for all, I feel very supported by Merck.  I appreciate the steps taken to help people during this time (benefits increases, etc.) and all of the transparent and frequent communication as well.
the over use of paper in the company. And I discovered in the past year that if it is in the strategy of Merck/MSD people are secondary. And i was disappointed by that fact. It felt like the moment that your parents are also human and imperfect.
To look to past year to get inspiration on opportunities that the pandemic has revealed, especially for the remote working and travels
Allow for dialog and create an environment to manage the tensions between opposing views (Diversity and Inclusion)
Focus big picture long term, not short term course corrections.
Merck needs to take greater risks to help our customers deliver on their goals to help patients. We can certainly remain a very ethical company, while still doing things that closely mirror what many of our competitors are willing to do, as long as we keep our customers and their patients at the forefront of our decisions.
Hire professionals to address how the current world events are impacting the work place.
More resources within MSD AH (human & budget!) Align more HH & AH on tools & system More focus on shared topics within HH & AH, eg. OneHealth
Merck should continue the D&I effort and providing resources for work-life balance.  I think the resources for career development, such as educational support, have waned over the past decade and I would like to see more support for investment in the personal development of employees.  I think these are resources that will retain more FTE's long-term.
Continue to seek input from employees on unique needs during this time of remote work.   Allow for differing situations and be flexible with employee needs.    We need to find a way to be more agile and nimble in our activities especially during a pandemic.  It has been disappointing to see Merck not deliver on COVID vaccines and therapeutics.  What are other companies doing that we aren't?
I am an M1 but my manager says no M1s at our location are eligible for LTI . This doesn't seem to align with global practice and I am wondering how I can become eligible. Could more education of leaders on this topic help?
Stop saying we value diversity of opinion, different points of view, challenging conventional wisdom,  etc. unless senior executive management is willing to cascade that culture down to the departments. I have worked in a lot of places in my life. Merck is the most “yes man” culture I’ve ever experienced.
Please share examples when Marketing leadership demonstrates Agile Ways of Working by not trying to “boil the ocean” and broadly publicize what prioritization decisions were made to assure alignment.
Increase number of people for work to get done (full time or contractors).
Keep political activism out of business. Serving the world and communities with products is our mission!
Increased pay to the likes of the top competitors. Do not comment on politics.
To provide education to leaders not only in technical skills but also in soft skills and, most important, to evaluate how the provided education is being actually implemented by leaders and to evaluate its effectiveness within the leaded team.
MSD's Fortify our future and MMD's Expedition 25 are clear frameworks to follow for next 2-3 years and will be a big lift across the company so we need to be deliberate and mindful about adding new initiatives before these have sufficient momentum. Its is great to see we have already thought through Post Pandemic ways of work to permanently titrate in a culture of flexibility when it comes to defining the workplace, this will be a competitive advantage to MSD in the talent competition
Continued digitization of our production environment, standardization across production sites for core activities to ensure all sites follow the same model and process reducing any unnecessary complexities
Continue to be flexible during pandemic and non-pandemic times.
Merck does so many things very well for patients, customers, and employees! It’s a real honor to work for Merck!  One practical area that would help me do my job more efficiently has to do with external communications with customers.  Can we look into a compliant way to add our products to a signature line of an email so customers know what we represent? This would be especially helpful with customer with low-access.
My opinion is: Leadership training at all levels to manage people and work on empathy within teams.
Now that we have worked from home for over a year now and it seems to be working and everyone is used to it and has made the necessary adjustment, give employees the option to continue to with this work schedule and not have to go into the office every week. Our teams are global and remote so what is the reason for mandatory office time. If we do have to go back to the office, do not apply the open space concept. Having no place to 'call your own' I don't feel, creates a good work environment.
I am very pleased how Merck respects it’s employees.  I fully understanding this is a business, with a board and international responsibilities.  However I truly believe we do keep patients at the core of our goals and not an afterthought like many other large corporations that have been around this long and this successful.
It sounds like there are more field staff committees now and that's a good thing. I hope Merck and MSD always look at what the workers in the field are hearing and show those employees they are being heard.
Continue to support WFH flexibility for lab based employees
Start trusting employees to do and know their jobs.  Make sure IT infrastructure works at all time and recognize that there is a limit to the amount of change that can be absorbed. Even if the changes are good, too many changes are bad just by the nature of it being repeated change
Find ways to value the work force.  Both financially and with other rewards.  Let us know our concerns are being heard not just swept under the rug.  Allow us to be innovative with our fear of the compliance axe always hanging over our heads.
with all the restructuring process and expense target reductions the workload has increased significantly , because the work stays in the organization. we really need to look for ways to simplify processes.
Trust people, allow them to take decisions and be accountable. Implement change, don't just talk about it.
At this point in the pandemic, I believe we should be given the ability to make an informed choice about return to in person engagement where our customers are willing to engage face to face.   Oncology Marketing and PRT need to be faster and more agile.   We require constantly evolving resources and need to be two steps ahead of our customers..not 10 steps behind
Merck should train people managers or potential people managers.  Too often, employees are promoted or appointed into the role with no demonstrated skills of how to extract the best performance out of direct reports - especially when those direct reports do not look like them.  Merck should also have ACTIVE and SMART monitoring of D&I initiatives.  It should impact middle managers (~band 500) bonuses.  Until there's repercussions for not demonstrating an inclusive environment, it will never change.
Give an opportunity for feedback. And Listen.   We are quick to listen to speak instead of listen to learn. We don't need to always solve the problems that may be brought up, but listen to those who have concerns ideas and let them discuss what is on their mind. We are too quick to respond and don't truly understand all of the issue before we act.
offer a flexible work space for all employees
We could reintroduce financial incentives akin to stock options that would tie more tightly the financial stability of our employees to the financial success of the company. Right now, those two things are not always aligned.
I feel a lot of people who work hard and have been at Merck for 20 or so years are no longer given the opportunity to move into higher positions (or get promoted) because "they aren't going anywhere else" at this point of their career so we don't need to promote them because they won't leave.
since the majority of people are now working from home, we need a better IT department...meaning a local department, like the SPOT only more robust.
Ensure competitive pay at all levels as one way to retain talent
Ensure departments have proper local resourcing and staff for the workload so that employees can experience less stress and proper work-life balance. Limit the constant introduction of new initiatives, systems and programs. Limit the abundance of mylearnings to what is really essential for each role. If the number of learnings cannot be reduced, then attempt to find ways of making learnings shorter and more concise, this will not only help with engagement but will also allow for more time to do other work.
invest in people satisfaction  through family social activities  Encourage the social impact .
Merck employees are the most hard working people I know.  We need to continue to work hard to find the right balance regarding working hours.  While personally my balance is fine, there are parts of the company where people are working far more than a standard work week to just keep up.
Ensure that teams are appropriately staffed for the amount of work required.
Increase bonuses that haven’t changed in a decade.  Preferential treatment to different divisions that have less of an impact on the success of the company.  Awarding management for developing teams to move on to other opportunities and further their career.  Resources such as websites and coupons that work for the patient that make our job easier.  4 different products is a challenge in chronic care and getting assessed against your peers on a continual basis makes for a high level of stress.  I love this company and appreciate all it has giving me and really value my CTL and director who are incredible, but this other stuff seems to be increasing difficult.
I think there should be a "Comment Card" website where people can post their thoughts/ideas as they have them. I have lots of ideas throughout the course of my work, but can't always recall them when it comes time to complete one of these surveys. If there was one place available all the time, that would be very useful.
Continue to embed WOW and take time to re-energize and continue to invest in our own personal development and growth...
Re-evaluate business tools and practices that add excess time to project timelines without adding value. Create a more inclusive holiday policy that takes into account religious holidays of people that are not Christian without forcing them to use their vacation days.
Foster an environment where everyone's opinions are welcomed.
In the 14 years that I've been at Merck, I find the current atmosphere to be one of the most challenging for finding work-life balance.  The increase in workload and responsibilities has me and my colleagues working extra hours and neglecting our families.  The constant reorganizations are prompting uncertainty, discontent and lack of continuity.  With every reorganization comes re-evaluating the roles & responsibilities.  I'm am concerned for the future of some departments that are experiencing a mass exodus of experienced personnel, and others looking for new career development opportunities.
Continue to share information with employees as quickly as possible & ensure we continue to practice what we "preach", making it safe for employees to speak up, when required.
- keep focusing on patient safety - keep supporting diversity (we can set an example for the nation) - stop focusing on ivy league graduates when hiring - be transparent on pipeline product progress (reasons to be exited)
The imbalance or disparity between supposedly 'equivalent' band levels across different parts of the organization is exceptionally de-motivating.  The expectations to advance in some organizations are significantly different than others.  This flies in the face of the compensation and career framework.  As we work to have a more 'boundaryless' organization which can handle not just the well-defined modalities, but those which blend modalities (e.g., Antibody Drug Conjugates, peptides/proteins, etc.), the discrepancies between positions is becoming even more clear as people from different parts of the organization cross paths.
Continue to have senior leadership speak out and address unjust racial issues, ie; voter suppression. Maintain Lifecare support for employees to help balance childcare needs.  Further develop resources for mental health and anxiety issues due to the pandemic.
flexible work hours for every employee, not just management.
Cut legal and compliance budget by 30%.
- More active role to promote diversity & inclusion, anti-racism starting with trying to enroll more patients of color in our clinical trials during research. It should also be an important strategic imperative across departments. - For the MBA level jobs, have a formal development plan in place beyond the rotational program. That is, a pipeline program that has guaranteed placement after 2 years or less in the entry level position. - I believe that people in marketing support roles (Promo, launch planning, etc.) have concerns about job security. These are incredibly important roles for driving business so it would be great if we could explore how to retain
There is a lot of pushback on improvement ideas in the laboratory. The business is great at adapting to new ideas pertaining data integrity and moving to electronic processes for the lab, but the team is hesitant to implement changes to the training program that could result in a more developed and capable team because it is not how they have historically trained people.
Remove the silo and slow processes,  Make compliance fluid and adaptable to the business needs deliver what customers want, go back to a better customer centric approach To give greater opportunity to move to new roles and feel equal to apply for these based on experience and skills rather than who you best network with
communication between departments could be better
Continue to be understanding and supportive of the ever changing times. Continue to be supportive and encouraging to the field staff that are dealing with doors that still remain closed due to Covid.
Rise voice up of new generations, involving them in decision making and streamline processes
Have a new manager training program that is required for new managers to attend.
need more resources, hiring is too slow, need efficient admins, need efficient proj mgmt., people need to hear from sr mgmt. on how they contribute to merck goals, need more awards/rewards
Look deeper on the departments to understand why they are not always able to implement ways of working mindset.
Continue to allow employees to work from home.
Stop rewarding those who left Merck and then come back with a promotion.
Provide hands on training using a semi annual schedule and provide workers with the most up to date revisions. We cannot be reliant upon information being passed down from one person to another.  Different Departments have to understand some things cannot be rushed or delivered in what their expected time frame is asking for, input and assistance in resolving an issue work hand in hand when confronted with obtaining the ultimate goal of completion.
Let the sales reps get back in the territory. My territory is not accepting of remotes and the Red status is causing me stress. I cannot have an impact if I cannot be in the offices.  This has been a miserable experience!
Less US centric. Really offer open mind culture. Review HR work.
Merck's products are drugs and vaccines--but since the development of those products relies so heavily on science and data, we are in a sense an information company as well. There are multiple massive shifts underway in the IT organization to bring Merck's digital landscape and ways of working up to par with the fast, flexible computing that Merck employees use every day outside of work. I truly believe this will revolutionize our product development at every point along the pipeline when complete. It would be really helpful to make this massive shift if organizational and scientific leadership spoke in a unified voice with IT leadership to bring our colleagues outside of IT into the vision and the practical impacts on ways of working as these changes roll out.
It is glad that merck supports 16 weeks parental leave but according breast feeding and birth of a child unpaid leave for at least 4 weeks should be able for women without any great discussions.
Offer employees the option to volunteer in a charity day once every year.
Flexibility and additional social benefits if there is telework
Allow flexibility to work remotely, even after we open our offices back up.
Greater upfront visibility of increased work load such as new product introductions & large projects: with detailed workload & associated time frames, communicated to impacted groups. This would enable impacted areas to forward plan & ensure adequate resources are in place to meet the required capacity. Thus leading to improved work life balance & greater quality of work.
continue diversity initiatives in support of building the best talent programs.  Improve succession planning and knowledge building so when positions change there is stronger bench and improved ability to quickly and seamlessly backfill, or to redistribute workload evenly across teams.
Continue delivering results and continue involving staff for it, engaging all with a great culture
As we reopen, continue to explore remote vs. in-person needs for teams and individuals.  The added productivity and time not spent in commute or running meeting to meeting has been great - I just hope we don't slip back into what we "knew," just because.  Seeing colleagues has a lot of value in the right circumstances, but feeling pressure to be in the office most of the time "to be seen" In my opinion will take us backwards from the progress we've made over the last year.
Updates on Job prospects during a pandemic. Updates on steps being taken to improve remote work balance.
Embrace an agile and growth mindset, ask to be challenged and really listen. Ensure you are promoting managers that embody company values and who people want to work for (ask their direct reports!). Our diversity efforts are ok, but we need to concentrate on inclusion/inclusive behaviors to ensure we keep the highly talented people that we hire.
(1) Create an inclusive culture (2) Let decisions be made at the working level
Better training for first time managers
Process Chemistry Department should do a better job at the Work/Life Balance and Wellness of its employees.
Continue to do what is “right” and “just”. Not just for patients, but for employees as well. Continue to ask for suggestions from the field. We are the “work horses” and know what we need to make our roles more effective.
This may only apply to me, but I do think the specialty sales organization could do a slightly better job of rewarding our performances. I was very disappointed that there was no VP award for 2020. Yes, I know there was a pandemic, but many of my friends at other pharma companies still had the opportunity to win that coveted reward in 2020. It was a tough year and I did place in the top 10% . We still had the entire first quarter to start strong and then the rest of the year to interact in new and virtual ways which I embraced and feel as though my successes were swept under the table.  A bit disappointing. However I do love this company, my team, my CTL and my overall job. I feel very lucky.
Message and value all talent.   There is so much focus on top talent only that it leaves many left behind.
- Frequently communicate the value delivered to our patients, customers and to our society  - Elevate data science at the enterprise level and recruit top data science talent - Actively promote DEI initiatives to build an inclusive culture  - Make Merck the most attractive place to work for future talent
keep asking these questions
It already is a great place to work.  Flexibility is key, in my opinion.
I have returned to work for MSD as I feel that's it is a very good company to work for. The team feels like a family and I find most of people really supportive and nice to work with.
do not get involved in politics, such as election reform in Georgia
create a culture where sharing of negative opinions is supported; better work/life balance (ex. J&J gives 1/2 day off and days off for time off with family ahead of major holidays, etc.); better / more recognition of efforts/key deliverables
I have been at MAH for almost 1.5 years; when I look at the WOW, I see many areas we - here on site, Elkhorn, NE, and company wide are addressing and I see clear direction.   ~ For example, I feel learning possibilities are available in many areas. I have signed up for TEAMS training, tips on Outlook, and other courses made available through Productivity Plus, which is a great resource.  My manager is great about encouraging furthering my knowledge of the company and systems.   However {you knew there would be a "however" :-)}, I see some real struggles with silos.   An example: ~I haven't met many people on site outside of R&D & AC.  I do realize most of my time here so far has been during covid, but I feel there are still some online sitewide inclusion activities that would allow us to feel more connected.  Which would make inter-department projects much easier, in my opinion. ~ I would be happy to give more input, if there is interest, however, there is a limit on words. Thank you!
Merck is a great company with a great culture. We have excellent products and an excellent pipeline and are well positioned for the future. This goes along way towards employee retention, but Merck needs to offer competitive compensation to avoid employees feeling that they are being taken advantage of. The entire industry will see a major turnover of people in the next 5 years. Attracting and keeping the right people will be a challenge in a very competitive market unless we consider changes.
reevaluate the resources with have relative to what our competitors are offering.
For my case all posts need experience and how can i apply for it if i work for another department 🙁 Um so sad as i have 2 choices continue as sale or leave MSD where i belong and feel secure
Further improve collaboration and Knowledge Management between sites, and between AH and HH
Better insurance.  I know our plan is somewhat competitive but all employer provided health care kind of stinks right now and can be better.
Increasing collaboration between different functions: Moving from silos to networks
Keep offering ways of improving the work-life balance.
I believe the company, on the whole, is on a sound path to achieve our mission.  From a local perspective, leadership needs greater oversight/coaching when it comes to managing people.  My LT has fortified the silos, fractured the business, and created an environment of distrust and apathy.  In a recent survey 69% of my colleagues said the LT lacks trust.  When the results were presented to the organization they made it appear to be an organizational issue not an LT one.
Increase the investment and resources to adopt newer technologies to make work easier.  Too much of our work is still manual and time consuming.  Digital tools are available but too slow in coming along.
Create realistic objectives in markets with limited access.
Increase compensation aligned to other top companies.  100% stock eligibility to ensure retention.  Better career development opportunities.
I feel Merck and MSD are doing the right things to put us in a strategic position in the marketplace. We are taking risks in our portfolio and starting to diversify our therapeutic expertise. Merck and MSD should continue to be focused on putting patients first and following science. I also appreciate Merck and MSD's stance on geopolitical issues as well as the environment. It is great to work for a company that embraces an evolving world and being at the front of it.
Continue to support an environment free of barriers with respectful inclusiveness.
reduce processes in scientists events
Honestly, I feel like with a company as large as ours, that is a difficult question to answer. I think the company does a terrific job of providing resources for employees & focusing on patient outcomes.
Stop thinking that being the number one oncology company is only about the science and new indications.  Our customers want partners that share their vision of the future and how to get there.  We are a vendor with really good cancer therapies, but we are not considered a partner
Embark on large change initiative with thoughtful implementation plans.  (Streamline and NewCo simultaneously could have been better thought out.)
I believe Merck should take a stand against racial injustice that does occur on plant site. I don't believe site-wide emails and myLearnings are enough. People of different backgrounds offer different perspectives which helps drive the company toward success. Hire more people of differing backgrounds and promote more people of differing backgrounds.
Continue to be open, honest , and transparent in communicating with the various employee groups. When issues or concerns arise, continue to answer with integrity. Continue to focus on diversity, equity and inclusion and ensure it is a focus on “all” diversity and not just an issue of race and social justice.  These are two different topics that tend to be smashed together and it blurs the lines of both. Every individual exhibits diversity! They each bring variable experiences, backgrounds, educations, family and/or private situations, disabilities and values that all can be an essential part of a team based on the teams needs. The focus of DEI seems to at times take a turn where we lose focus of what diversity truly is by definition.  Delivering on the mission, continue to research and meet the needs of the worlds population as Merck has always done.
Whereas I feel that starting salaries are pretty competitive, I remain disappointed with annual increases.  With 2-4% annual increases it sends the message to those on the floor that the only way to receive an acceptable jump in pay is to look at working for another company.  Annual family expenses increase a great deal more than 4% per year.
There needs to be a more effective method to align on changes cascaded to sites and the actual workload it creates on employees already managing a heavy work schedule. The current method appears to be somewhat uncoordinated and has competing initiatives utilizing the same personnel to meet unrealistic timelines. This jeopardizes both compliance and site level work that must be done to meet customer needs. When employees are overloaded with tasks, the odds of something being missed or completed incorrectly increase.
We are consistently asked to do more with less.  I understand the challenges with the bottom line, but while we cut people/resources, we never prioritize "for real".  We cannot continue to support every program, every product/vaccine, and every initiative to the same level.  But expectations are that we can.  Combine that with the impact of the pandemic and working from home, the exhaustion and burnout are increasing rather than decreasing from last year.  Also, as a conservative, and actually feel more afraid to speak up than I ever have in my career.  Politics has become too big a part of my work life.
i have no idea. these are weird times. Maybe stop creating anxiety in me in suggesting going back to the office (that sounds horrible)
Focus on our work, avoid political statements
Please continue to emphasize to managers and workers the importance of actively participating in Diversity, Equity and Inclusion in our workplace.  I hear often that people are saying they are too busy to help or feel this effort is a trend to support great activities that will benefit the company and us all in the end.  The result is those that are actively supporting these efforts are running out of bandwidth to help.  I really appreciate the resources being offered to do our jobs continuously and even better during a pandemic without major interruption.
MSD is already a great place to work, although there are always things that we can do, together, to make it even better, and one of them is to continue pressuring to have a more diversity group with us, people from different communities make our company stronger, and them our place to work, morally and ethically better.
Although I think that our senior leaders (VPs/SVPs) are all aligned on our mission to deliver novel medicines to patients, I think that there is a very high degree of misalignment amongst them regarding the principle by which we achieve this goal.  The interface between MRL and MMD is one example of that.  The interface between CMC and Regulatory is another.  If differing perspectives were valued and teams/leaders could take an enterprise view when making decisions, Merck would have an improved environment to work and would more effectively deliver on our mission.
Skills training at the time of onboarding.  Professional development and organized mentorship program.  I've been in industry and overall think Merck is a good place to work.
Now that we have been working remotely for over a year and proven it can be effective, it would be great to see home office positions not require moving to be able to take on one of those positions. This is with the expectation of in person meetings once a quarter or as often as needed.
They must listen to emploees and take action based on their consern
To make MAH/MSD more profitable, eliminate low revenue, low margin brands.  From what I understand over 4,000 SKUs have revenues of $50K or less.  I understand customer's needs but not sure if this approach is a successful business model not to mention all the resources and costs associate to support this.  I always ask myself, If I was a business owner/entrepreneur, would I really want to be in this business?  Supporting thousands of products each under $50K?
Well, I see people take time off from work for vacation/personal time, however, still work. Why is that. Why don't people take off and be off, comfortably.  Maybe have a shutdown 2x/yr. oppose to once. Not wait until the very end when folks are exhausted. Do like a mid-year and a year-end shutdown for 7-10 days each episode. It may help build and increase excitement. People tend to work smarter when rested. If it's a forced shutdown then everyone is off and not expected to check in. A Mid-year Break, would be Great! We can keep the normal year-end. That's always been a wonderful treat! Rested people can contribute Optimum results personally and professionally. I see more reactive than proactive. Maybe there is no bandwidth the function proactively - brain cells used up. A mid-year shutdown is an idea. Sometimes allowing your mind to idle, gives you room to think of better ways to do your job. JUST BRAINSTORMING. THANK YOU FOR ASKING.
We are involved within the best place of work culture and respect
Look at other Oncology organizations and what they are able to do and mirror what they are doing in a compliant way. People are scared to do anything here all that comes out of anything is No without the Why behind it. Separate the idea that you can treat the oncology division like all the other divisions, it is a different environment and needs to be managed in a different way. Pay for performance and experience, we have discrepancies in pay across the sales organization and they are not alway competitive to what other companies are paying. This makes it hard to retain and attract talent.
Continue to share the impact our work has on patients and public health so all employees feel connected to the same goals.
Continue to expand Diversity and Inclusion for Women and Latin-American employees.
Limit the number of priority initiatives that are bestowed upon worker-level employees to allow for more focused participation and execution.  People are being asked to take on more than is reasonable for sustained periods of time, burning people out to the point that they change roles or leave the Company.  The Company preaches work-life balance, but in reality the environment doesn't allow for it.
Company is doing a great job for work-life balance, still there are opportunities for improvement.  Company can focus more on expediting drug discoveries and fast deliveries
Move resources to support the most current Company objectives - The amount of flexibility required to meet the Company  objectives adds excessive stress as the systems in place to manage change are too slow to meet timelines being forced on projects adding stress to employees.
Reduce burocracy, Facilitate production, Reduce safety documentation
We at MSD have an opportunity to take a leaf of empowerment to leverage on the legacy of stable organization and wealth of organized systems and imbibed technology enablers; and make our contributions counted in every walk of our service to world health.
Have a better place and time to give training to employee who to learn more
Keep concentrate to develop new drugs
I think that compensation should be looked at very closely.  I know that my department and others closely related have been losing people over the past year or so due to people moving even laterally to another organization but for much more money.   This is not good for us to retain talent and as those that move relate this back to their former colleagues it builds tension in the organization with people wanting more money or they are then a risk to leave as well.  The more this happens we have to wait to bring in new people and then the work shifts to those left and puts undue burden on them from a work life balance perspective and with getting paid less just encourages them to look elsewhere as well....it is a vicious cycle.
Allow employees flexibility in their work location and the ability to work remotely except for when critical in-person meetings are scheduled.
Be more flexible in hierarchy of decision making
Number 1, focus on developing new and great products. Number 2, focus people on getting the best resources and approval for resources that will help sales personnel get messages and medications to the people. Bottom line getting back to basics of providing impactful medications with a great salesforce and top notch support team to provide resources. Political actions and social injustice should not be focus unless it’s a direct issue with-in the company. People don’t want to work for companies that are biased, racist, or disrespectful of others. To my knowledge Merck has not been any of those and people still want to work for Merck.  Great medications, great support teams, with great sales people will provide a great future.
Keep continuing the good work to save humans.
relevant policy and people development
take a closer look at HR team's development
Analyzing competitor movement related to similar therapeutic area with ours, develop the strategy to make our product be the first line for patient, supported by affordable price and good quality. Develop the skill for employee that suit with strength in order to achieve the goals based on employee role
Provide more support to help colleague work life balance.
There is plenty of work to be done, especially in small markets where employees do not feel secure and given an equal chance to grow and develop their professional career.
I hope our day to day operation moves towards a more sustainable way (less print out, less one-off cups at office)
I don't have any suggestions.
I think all employees should have clear progression pathways so that they can all have goals to aim for but also feel like they are an integral and appreciated asset to the business. Also, global licenses need some kind of review and escalation process for market reportable issues - Our biggest challenge is our software not being fit for purpose. It makes our role ten times more manual and as such has a significant impact on work life balance and stress levels within the team. It is very hard to take criticism for errors made by a system that you have no control of and the provider is not made accountable for. Our manager has tried to get them to support us but it is a global system and as such they are not concerned enough to help.
Continue with regular communication and ensure feedback is acted on.
1. Simplify processes and eliminate unnecessary administrative tasks. Everything is extremely complicated, processes that normally should consist of 2 steps consist of 5. There are too many things that have to approved by too many people. 2. Improve our systems and platforms. We encounter problems regarding these on a daily basis. Moreover, there are still a lot of tasks that we have to do manually  or create or own tools because our systems are not capable of handling them.
The company is supporting the best way they can, the unprecedent times that we are living are the ones that do conflict with our daily routines
accept working from home not only by way of exception
Utilise leading digital solutions rather than using old legacy systems, i.e. trackwise being used for QSAT and GCM's is very old technology and is not fit for purpose
Show how the company can employees to manage mental health and well being.
recognize talented people and keep talent within the company (regardless of age). Give them perspective (looking/planning forward) by providing realistic growth opportunities and clear career paths.
We need to be more courageous and bold in our decisions and investments.  Although MSD is a great company to work for, I am proud of working here and do not plan to leave any time soon I have to admit I am not as proud as I used to.  I do not see MSD as leaders anymore but as part of the Pharma pack.  I hope our new CEO can also differentiate himself as Ken Frazier has done in the past.  In an innovation driven company I do not think we are leading outside of the labs and it seems we are just managing the P&L and not making the big bold decisions.  Things like compensating people on the 50 percentile relative to the market will invariably result for a talent driven organization to be average.  We were lucky of the acquisition of Keytruda with Organon but have to admit the execution on that opportunity has been phenomenal.  I see working at MSD becoming tougher year on year.
Better onboarding/training plans when changing positions in the company, some departments have this well organized, others you need to self-train your self a lot.
Create processes to ensure work-life balance, preventing employees to have to have to choose from:  1) Leave work late but complete key tasks on time 2) Leave work on time but drop some tasks or deliver them late This is an extremely difficult choice as most tasks have inter-dependencies so not completing them will affect somebody´s work!  Working an extra hour per day and/or a few extra hours from time is not a problem. The problem starts when we need to work 10-11 everyday and barely have time to lunch.
The decision making should be very swift.
more flexibility in field work, interaction with customers, the way we get involved in medical environment
Clarify the future of Brinny in the overall scheme of things.
Merck over complicate every process.
to allow employee's to officially work from home at least 2 days per week in Ukraine as this would reduce time to get to work and make workdays less stressful and have more free time for both work and personal needs.
More man power
provide platform for subordinate to provide opinion on their managers/leaders. encourage skip level on frequent basis.
A huge benefit to everyone's life since the pandemic is our ability to work successfully from home. It adds huge value to the work life balance. This is something I would like to implement into my career going forward.
Continue to build on great communication from senior leadership and share our strategic direction esp post COVID.
Providing stabilization at work now , give us the feeling that what we are  doing  now , will not changed suddenly, last year was very difficult for everyone and we feel exhausted of constant changes.
More manpower to complete all required tasks and to be able to do more
Actions to address climate change. Ensure we have enough resources in place to deliver projects and not overcommit- if things change then we need to re-prioritize particularly with regard to workload.
Multiple ways including multiple digital channels to engage our customers during the pandemic.
Keep removing productivity barriers
MSD is a great company to work in & to have long association with MSD. In order to have a long association with MSD, there should be more clarity provided to the employee on how the country is working towards the future (introducing new product in the country, post sitagliptin LOQ expiry what action will be taken to ensure consistent demand in the market, etc) this will help to create more job security in this difficult times.
I think that a common onboarding program would do wonders to bring new people into the company and have them stay.  My department really does lack in that department and a lack of solid onboarding has seen turnover over the years.  I think that a centralized onboarding procedure for each organization would help relief that issue.
1. Leaders need to do a better job of creating and sponsoring a culture of accountability at all levels starting with the shop floor.   2. Leaders need to spend more of their time understanding a day in the life of shop floor associates and truly understand how work gets done.
clear rationale to buy new compounds companies, seems rushed and not worth the price paid. develop more internally, do we even do that anymore? put time and effort into developing key talent, make it a priority. stop closing sites, stability is key to success as well. allow groups to work onsite if they can safely
Review job descriptions as levels in one division are not equal to levels in another although technically the same level.  Clean up SYNC as it returns 1000s of hits but not the one you need even though the search is identical to what it is called.  Too much time is spent searching for information; yet another tool is deployed before the last one is final dispositioned.  Information in paper and electronic format is out there but does anyone really have a handle on it?  IT systems and tools are rolled out one after another; can't we stay with something that grows as we do?
Continue to be flexible with regards to home-working, we have more than proved we can carry out our roles efficiently, effectively and proactively over the past 13 months. Maybe a balance of 3 days in the office and 2 days at home etc..  Continue the rewards and benefits which we currently receive- it really makes a difference and boosts morale.
Webex free or limited Webex Friday would be great. Mon-Thurs is jammed with meetings and limited focused time during the working day extending every work day to get work done
simplify!
Remember that medicine is for the people, not for the profits.
Keep focus on costumer, increase focus on retaining work force and decrease focus on share holder return
Keep working on access of our therapies to patient, better negotiations with health plans and the availability of coupons is a most. I am willing for more opportunities for growth, we have great programs to be able to explore like Gig, volunteers programs, etc but sometimes I don't feel safe applying because of the time and what will happen with my position and me after my comeback, maybe this has to be more clear. Merck is doing an outstanding work with D&I education in different ways, our more direct leaders need to be educated too in tools that promote it but maybe there's no the time in the middle of so many tasks, my team is a great one, diverse, mature, competitive, with passion, but is always great to keep growing in the importance, richness, and need of D&I for our company and self well being. Merck does a great job in community programs for patient, I am so proud of that, but sometimes I think we must do more to promote or let community known our efforts.
I was bullied by 2 co-workers, at separate times.  I spoke up.  I asked for help from my manager (not current), and HR and never received acknowledgement.  Then was treated as trouble-maker that doesn't work well with others, which I do not believe is the case.  I will never speak up again.  I do not want to stay at the company long term, but will only do so if necessary to support my family.
More opportunities for employee
I think Merck leadership has grown and flexed ALOT over this past year.  As a result, we have many new ways of working and new opportunities ahead to work effectively.  I love the increased flexibility that I have seen evolve over this past year and feel that future growth toward flexibility should continue in order to foster a diverse and engaged and satisfied workforce
Plan for expansion or position transitions better. Example, someone gets promoted and was a strong candidate before promotion, get a job posting out there to help back fill in a more timely manner.
Right now I feel very satisfied. Sometimes though, I feel like there are things that take up much more time than they should, such as IT issues with Electronic Lab notebook (I know we are replacing it). I hope in the future we can stay ahead of situations like this, and not allow technology to get so outdated that it forces a huge loss in productivity.
At the moment, I do not have any suggestions for Merck as organization.
Continue to allow employees to work from home across all departments.
Keep the appropriate flexibility to the employees decide if they want to work on the office or at home (considering the activities the do not demand a physical presence in the office)
- Be inclusive when making decision. - Avoid not telling people when there are resignation. - Avoid micro-managing, as that indicate that Management does not trust employees ability to work independently. - When hiring, the experience become focus point but once they got an experienced person. that level of experience is not recognized.  - Recognize the talent acquired and develop it even further. - Work on stuff retention, high resignation of high-skilled people on site - Invest on providing external training and improve on career development. - Refrain from showing Favoritism  - No growth opportunities in MMD, only seniors and LT get promotions. - No growth opportunities in MMD, only seniors and LT get promotions. Leadership prefer to hire externally than promote internally. - Move from controlling to empowering.
The company score card has to be changed.  Other pharma companies have divisional scorecards.  It's really hard to accept the scorecard number when my division hit it out of the ballpark.
Determining a career path is difficult for newer employees and seems very dependent on personal relationships. It would be helpful to provide resources to help us determine the pros and cons of different career paths and to make it clearer to employees what specific skills are needed to get promoted.
Increase salary, pay all expenses generated due to the pandemic that was previously absorbed by the company (lunch, electricity usage, internet, etc). Focus extensively on development programming and AI capabilities to accelerate and automate repetitive work.
- Create global virtual onboarding guidance for leaders  - Encourage D&I and equity discussions at a team level
More opportunity for Technical Services professionals in the field to have input / collaborate with R&D.  We know better than folks in the lab what is needed in the field, but we do not have the opportunity to give input.
Further invest in basic research to let science drive the best possible medicines. Take more calculated risk to allow for progress. Hire well qualified scientists and retain them. Further building of engaged teams.
Keeping experience operators/personnel and ensuring that these people are recognized for their day to day efforts by setting out clear development paths to follow. Opening up cross departmental gate ways to learn new skills, develop & grow in other areas and not be restricted to one department.
1. Truly mean it when they say they value diversity of perspectives. Sometimes it feels like diverse perspectives are welcome when they align with leadership perspectives.  2. Be less hierarchical and truly support decision making at the appropriate level.  3. Enable and support space for broader long term strategic thinking and activities to take place. We seem to be too focused on meeting the bottom line today. While this is important, the reality is that the external landscape is rapidly changing and we need to evolve our business model to be relevant in tomorrow's market place.
Please rethink about all the processes which are extremely redundant and inefficient. It is the single biggest reason of inefficiencies and frustration elated to our wok.
The compliance procedure keep getting complicated which makes us employees feel impossible to carry out works. It indeed slowed down everything. I strongly discipline the company regulations but I think that the administration board need to come up with a flexible method to keep everything in disciplined, but not to slow things down severely.
Skip meetings need to be made mandatory.  They should occur either every 6 months or yearly but should be implemented.
Listen to customer needs, refine processes to allow freedom of thought and action, be less hierarchical, break silos.
To increase employees respect to their managers, managers need to learn what their employees do.  Managers need better and faster communication with employees.
Stick to what we are good at: developing vaccines and medications.
Place the correct talent in manager roles.
Keep learning and growing
Even though we still have work to do, I feel that Merck is making strides towards a diverse and inclusive company by bringing awareness to employees.  Being a leader in vaccines, I was a little surprised that Merck was not one of the front runners out of the gate with a Covid Vaccine so I am hoping that we are looking at newer biological developments and research for future vaccines.
Provide enough resources to ensure a fair days work for everyone. Highlight the right to disconnect once your shift/work day ends and before it begins.
Listen to the people doing the work.  Get feedback before making decisions that impact them.  Ultimately, the job must be done and goals need to be met.  But for the past few years I have received a lot of feedback from other employees, and at times felt it myself.  There are times when demands of daily responsibilities coupled with extra projects and/or unrealistic timelines are putting an immeasurable amount of stress on the people.  Truly listening to them will help morale and I believe will then also help create a safer place to work and contribute to our goal of target zero.
Make sure decisions, pillars and strategies on the global and C-Level are cascaded to local level.
Continue investing in MerckMSD people/employees :-)
Continue actively discussing D&I and what we as individuals and departments can do.  Continue to take a stance on important social injustices and inequities.
Stop creating and rolling out new work standards/requirements without determining how they impact the personnel required to follow them.
Merck should continue what it's doing in the form of Town Hall's/other forums to connect us to our leadership team and pertinent issues we are addressing as a company.  I think communication is key, especially as we are all still managing through COVID and its repercussions.
Truly be open to making changes that employees recommend  without being nervous about job security and also making changes in a more quick manner.
it is very important to hear what people says in regards of workload mostly related to specif functional areas, departments and therapeutic areas that keep a regular level of work overload, like oncology. Employee creativity is essential for organizational innovation, survival, and growth in complex and dynamic environments. Motivating employee creativity, however, is challenging because generating creative ideas requires individuals to move away from existing solutions, to try out different alternatives, and to risk failure. Motivating creativity becomes even more challenging when employees face high workload pressure, because this often leads individuals to prioritize activities that are more certain and controllable over creative actions.
Offer more technological and digital options to the workplace. Also, continue offering work from home opportunities for those that have used them during the COVID-19 pandemic. Having a monthly diversity focus would be nice to highlight all the areas of Merck diversity.
Continue with what we've been doing and make incremental improvements along the way.  And keep WFH an option post pandemic for those who can (definitely makes my job easier)
Stress the importance of controlling to empowering WoW to management at all levels and ensure this is an expectation of management in the organization to live up to the spirit of empowering people in their organization.  Stress the importance of prioritization to management and set a clear expectation that when new work is added something should be removed or resources should be carefully evaluated.  Better support from management to work on simplification of work processes.
Provide more people resources so we don't have to wear as many hats as leaders.
Ensure to value the historical performance of the employees and promote the employees that have completed more than 5 years in the same role with a performance above the expectations.
IT infra and support, seems like the company is ambitious to move forward but lacking of IT support (resources/etc.) Example we want to do automation but lack of End to End support system to ensure smooth operation ended up automation not able to be carried out, or carried out with error and no proper support/ escalation points
Adopt measures to improve the work-life balance of employees.
If we say we are planning to Simplify let’s do it.  Let’s not just make this a buzz word.  We need to give people the freedom to do the important work without redundancy and the overwhelming at times administrative culture here.
Value current employees and ensure they are treated with respect.  Management of our production department needs a lesson in these principals to reduce turnover and increase moral.  Overall I feel extremely valued and respected in my department/position and find it concerning individuals from other departments within the same organization don't share the same opinion.
Provide all the resource types to ensure that the ways of working principles, the MPS improvements, incremental continual improvements, and a problem solving culture is established and happening everyday, in order to Fortify our Future and meet Expedition 25 targets. I believe the the strategy in place is sound, but the resources are needed to get there, particularly within a growth site.
In GCTO there are roles with too many things to review, they are responsible for a lot of critical processes and often are not able to cover all the things they need to do. We spend many time reviewing in the past, for what was not done on time, or going after people to do all they need to do. I dont know if it would be possible to create task forces, to focus on different processes, and not to load all only in one role.  It may not be applicable for everything but is the way I this issue could be addressed. For example in other companies, there are In house CRAs dedicated to review systems and activities that can be done remotely and there are field personnel to visit sites.
Recognize employees, as a whole, more. We all do a lot of work, especially in the work-from-home COVID era. Combined with spinning off a new company the general feeling I get when talking to co-workers across multiple departments around the globe, is that everyone is getting burned out and the hard work wont be recognized.
Guarantee that senior leadership are running within minimal respects boundaries. Attitudes like yelling, cursing should be unacceptable and never expected from anyone´s side in MSD. I honestly dont trust hotline number to make a call without feeling myself threatened. I dont want to continue to work here in a short run.
adapt work policy to allow work from home
Give more competitive salaries. Establish more ambitious goals towards sustainability and green processes
Continue to work to eliminate silos between IT , decision makers for Global Support Functions, R&D, and market level business communities.  Business Partners in GSF and the markets need to understand that IT corporate policies apply to them and their systems as much as IT is driven by corporate business policies. We need to operate as one company driven  by corporate policies and practices.
Do more to promote environments of trust and psychological safety within the company.  Continue to be a prominent voice in the US and other countries to address racial injustice and health inequities.
Improve transparency into decision-making.  Hold poorly performing functions more accountable to help the organization better perform.
Merck can be compared to everything wrong with Amerikkka. You say you listen to our voices as employees but make minimal to no action. Change needs to happen and it should have happened yesterday! There is no way you will retain talent in the future if you stay the course. I have many ideas and would love to give my insight on how you can adapt. People want and demand to be their full selves all the time now. Code switching is a real thing and people are tired of it. Everything from the pandemic to the social justice movement has escalated what is acceptable now in corporate America. What were you doing before the incidences that happened in 2020?  People can see through the fake love and they will not stand for it anymore. Merck needs a COMPLETE make over if you want to actually make diversity& inclusion a priority for the company. If D&I is a political stunt for Merck, I am telling you people see right through that and become even more upset. There needs to be disruption!
After 23 years at Merck in various roles I have to say I still love coming to work every day and am proud of the work we do.  My only complaint at this time is I felt cheated after watching the 2020 year in review.  I kept hearing glowing praise of what a great year the company had, most if not all of us met the challenges of working during COVID and we kept production going and ensured the supply of vaccines was always met around the world while dealing with our children staying home and remote learning, etc, etc.   It was kind of a punch to the gut when the company scorecard was then announced at 78 or whatever it was.  I felt it would have been appropriate with after everything we had gone through to at least just put it at 100% to tell everyone thanks, job well done in these unprecedented times.  But instead it was, well thanks, but you didn't do good enough.
Change culture to be less risk averse and more future forward.
Move away from flexible workplaces. To build trust in a team face-to-face contacts are essential. Flexible workplaces will not have a encouraging effect on face-to-face contacts.
Diversity & Inclusion is a huge initiative right now and that is great.  However, when it comes to leadership and levels, it's not always demonstrated.  Departmental leadership in many organizations is still predominantly run by more men than women and definitely less POC.  Of course the best candidate should always be promoted regardless of their appearance, gender, or sexual orientation, but it would provide more hope to younger staff that D&I is really valued if it's actually demonstrated up top.  Additionally, D&I is pushed on all of us, but what would be most supportive for those of us that D&I would benefit most, would be seeing more sponsorship and support from people who would be allies.  During these turbulent times, recognition for the issues POC or LGBTQ deal with by people who cannot relate but can offer open support as an ally is invaluable.  It shouldn't only be those people who fit D&I "characteristics" that should be leading D&I initiatives.
Keep doing what you have been doing. I've never felt more valued.  The handling of COVID and how it affected our jobs and personal life's was and is handled so AMAZING! THANK YOU MERCK!
Provide guidance and resources to help employees achieve a healthy work-life balance
Give people the chance to develop according to their potential. Also people with MBO education and several years of experience can contribute strongly to the development of Merck/MSD. These people are often strongly committed to the work and also want their chances to grow.
Communicate the company path after Organon spin off. Several products leave and our scope of work will change. It would be great to have clear visibility about product pipeline, next acquisitions or collaborations, etc
In the current pandemic inducing lots of social and emotional stress, Merck/MSD leadership needs to keep building awareness on the workload consistantly increasing.
- Focus on people, continue to support talent development & build strong senior leadership pipeline  - Promote learning agility & embed experiment to win culture  - Continue to align people on our purpose and mission
I have two recommendations: Having all leaders trained on D&I in a live setting vs a mylearning. I have been in meetings with leadership who haven't acknowledge what I've said and a male colleague of mine repeated what I said and that's when it was heard.   Having developmental training available for all employees i.e. "learning to have tough conversations" or "budgeting", whatever it may be.
More visibility into the challenges/opportunities and long term plans for the company Increase diversity to have more voices and view points Increase employee benefits: it's not just about pay, but other types of benefits such as different types of insurance (high, med, low deductible options), HSA/HRA options in addition to FSA, increase paid family leave time, increase support for child/family care support
Provide more training for people managers. They must lead by examples.
Continue to offer excellent support services for Work/Life balance issues.
Get closer to patient perspectives around the world, particularly on the Emerging Markets region, where most of the persons don't have access to our medicines / treatment.
Be the leader of Diversity & Inclusion, by addressing the imbalances in underrepresented employees throughout the leadership ranks, openly address the gender gap in pay, and ways of including diverse ways of working too.  Plus hold managers accountable for D&I and the integration of it to their respective teams.
Focus on unity on a global scale and not politics.  People in this company have different views and opinions and that should be accepted as long as it is not divisive.
Remain focused on how we are "Inventing for Life." Internal company messaging from Sr Leaders should be reserved to communicate what we are doing to advance our pipeline, our technology, and our people. Please slow down the news briefings that our Leaders are aware of the politics and social injustices. The social and political pressures are felt enough outside of work. So please stop reminding us what is happening socially in the world. We know. Instead, remind us how we are tactically or strategically saving and improving lives. That keeps us excited!
Preserve the flexibility of working during COVID-19
In our division - Oncology - the sheer volume of work is overwhelming. I don't feel we have sufficient staff to do our work to a high quality. We have little time to plan and are constantly fire-fighting. We need more staff or there needs to be more prioritisation of which indications we will really focus on. To be able to tackle the volume of work and to do it to a high standard I often work evenings and weekends, which is stressful. This has been the case for the last three years.
In Egypt , New drug launches
Strive to be most admired company to work for by its people.
Simplify and Standardize our processes and remove non value add activities and bureaucracy. Then ruthless prioritization based on business needs, driven from the top - focus on what's important and deliver based on available resources
doing a great job so far
The company must increase its payment to the employees because MSD is the least payment in our country and the salary doesn’t match the price fluctuation
Reduce the  paper work and  procrastination for some non MMD processes - keep it simple. The greatest need is to lean out some of the middle management to ensure decisions can be made quickly and timely, as required.
Simplify processes and reduce workload, or hire more people. Employees are stretched too thin.
Continue to streamline the work so that overall, we can accomplish more with our resources.  Look at additional ways to reward employees given limited promotion opportunities.  This past year, we have lost quite a few employees to other companies.  Recruiters are aggressive; we can't afford to lose our experienced productive employees.  Find ways of engaging employees to do their part to make the work a better place: if we can value diversity and work together so constructively, how can we help our politicians to do the same?  Thanks for your consideration.
Merck's leadership had taken a bold step to align their values with the aspirations of the younger generation.  These are progressive and the leadership has taken concrete steps to make them a reality.  I would like Merck to invest more in global health and striking more collaborations with academic institutions and invest in attracting top academicians into the company.  I am not sure sure what needs to be done to make that happen; maybe the publication strategy, creating an environment where they will have an confidence that they can continue to have some of that freedom?  Maybe more additional investment into understanding fundamental biology, agnostic of immediate applications in any specific disease area?
Perfect
In Synthesis production plant, more automate instruments and modifications along production lines to be improve.
Allow flexible working -hours, allow more flexibility on full-time/part-time working schemes, appreciate seniority
Increase salary and benefits
Do a great job in comparison to other companies
increase the salary and benefit
We must continue to have open conversations about diversity and inclusion. I would also like to see the company take action in the areas that we score low, so that it doesn't continue to show up every iteration.
Continue to be a safe and secure workplace. We need to trust that we can keep our jobs in this time.
support agility in the way we work. there are a lot of protocols to follow. things are moving slowly and every process of bringing new software or equipment requires a lot of time. we need more local support with authority to approve new tools in order to be aligned with the leading companies.
keep listening and supporting employees
Focus on new launches
work life balance
Need to hire more people
revise the assessment of human resources to make balance between work and family really
I feel that Merck does a really good job making it a great place to work.  I am very appreciative  of all the communication and resources we receive.
Continue to support flexible work arrangements
Talk to the shop floor people more.
1) Put in place HR support to deal with the workplace issues, right now HR is only administrative and problems go to Ethics. 2) Roles should be filled by qualified individuals who truly meet the requirements in the job description, rather than hiring family and friends.  In my situation both above relate and this suppresses the ability to be truly productive and deliver.
Empowerment文化の醸成
Remove the barriers between functions and departments, barriers between headquarter and other regions.
Leaders need to be firm in their decision making and be knowledgeable in some of the operation task.
continue to be active with patient groups. We are there to help patients.  Continue to run patient programs or make them more easily available
I personally enjoy working in MSD, it is a fast and dynamic environment with teams & people who are always ready for challenges.  In some cases meeting happens during the official break like lunch or dinner, it would be great to ensure a safe break time to get time so everyone would work at their full potential
MSD is a company that has been constantly downsizing. It's hard to feel positive about the workplace when less and less headcount is recorded. Comparing to other pharmaceutical companies, there's a very low growth potential. This impacts career progression and morale. There needs to be greater focus on getting products to market and growing the business.
Flexible and benefits
Building cohesiveness and trust among colleagues
Giving a work life balance culture. High volume of workloads only lead to quantity but not quality
Leaders cant be leading if their directs do not walk the talk and do not execute the plan to its intentions
Give a space to grow those working at shop floor and also listen to their views on daily and look ahead business activity too... it will acts one of the path towards to deliver and achieve our mission.
Continue the Love And Care to Employees
Streamline processes and align across different departments such as legal, compliance, finance and the like
More work is needed on workplace psychological safety, especially in regards to how departments and individuals behave towards each other in some cases. I observe that in some sites, rudeness and toxicity can be the norm, with people being generally unpleasant to each other.  Unfortunately silence from leadership when these bahviours are observed serves as tacit acceptance of disrespectful behaviors.  It is ok for departments to disagree on things, but not ok to be rude/disrespectful to each other.  Pulse surveys have reflected levels of stress in our organization - I suspect this is not just workload, but in these pockets of the organization where disrespect/toxicity is the norm or culture, this will be driving absenteeism, or driving people to leave the organization.
less paper work, no auditor during cme or events (as other company does not have  auditor attending their cme program (based on market feedback).  Veeva engagement, dont put it as KPI, as for some countries, we are not as advance as USA or european countries, HCPs are not happy and comfortable to do online meet. They find it very troublesome, and we, as a sales rep donot want to antagonise HCPs by consistently ask for online meet. Many of them didnot respond to our request, they kept silence.
Work Life balance has never been the same, we normally speak of it but in reality work life balance is hard to come by at MSD now a days
Increase the conversation and interaction between different departments would make our colleagues to become a better team.
I am honor to work at MSD AH China for several years, and I always believe that MSD will be back NO.1 place in companion animal(CA) market in China. I really hope the leadership of MSD could pay more attention to focus on new  products registration on CA market which is the future for us, since our competitors(Zoetis/BI/Elanco etc.) nearly 1-2 new products launch every year, while MSD CA of China is 1 new product every 5-8 years，I am a little worried about future market, as well as feline market rapidly rise for recently  3 years, so rapid response for the market is very very crucial. I hope the comment will be a useful reminder for us. Thanks for all those who help CHINA for future!
Improve work-life balance
Keep on having good relationships with HCP, and do more scientific event
Merck and MSD is already doing great to help employees stay healthy and stay focussed on work in the COVID times. Company can bring in more policies around travel for employees who are working away from families.
Joined recently, Don't see proper feed back and appraisal mechanism to motivate employee.
Improve internal processes like in procurement, HR, finance, customer service and logistics
Increase competitive salaries.  They aren’t keeping up with inflation cost of living.
come New Resources for growing  and  the organization
focus on developing staff of all job grades and rank - development opportunities and training courses are often only offered to senior staff
Clear on directions and process.
There should be Excellent communication between management and staff. Giving employees the freedom to learn and grow and built trust with employees
good inviroment for healthly place .
Simplify our systems and processes in GCTO, try not to change processes that often. Too many required trainings, an example for a person returning from a maternity leave, she had to complete 90 trainings. Compared to other pharma companies, we have complicated systems in place - this as feedback from new people, who have joined our company.
Ability to adjust quickly specially in this time of crisis
Designate dedicated person to organize employee wellbeing programs.  Promote a culture of openness. Starting from leadership.
be more flexible and adaptive to country specific environment/situation
Walk the talk when it comes to new ways of working. At global level, everything is still very hierarchical and done in not an agile way with multiple levels of alignment even for a most simple thing. We need to enable decision making on the right level in order to move things forward.
transparency and the management shall do what they promised
Improve healthcare and work life balance
Diversity of products. May be too dependent on a few products for revenue.
Take faster decisions. And deliver what is promissed.
Transparent faster decisions will help us.
I feel that more communication and sharing of information is needed across teams. Sometimes, teams are doing work on a Solo basis. This results in a lot of duplicated work and waste resources.
to Keep on delivering the same level of inclusion and diversity
That you can share experience with collega's direct outside your working area.  Explain what are their priorities to get a better understanding how they work and experience my work
Significantly lower bureaucracy.  Improve IT support structure. Improve effectiveness on (IT) project prioritization.
理念を理解し、MRに語れるDistrict Managerの育成に注力する
Continuing balance personal and worl life.
Keep on doing the Great work
Less bureaucracy, Make Simple (the) Default in stead of Make Simple Difficult. Only roll out a new or improved systems and/or procedures if it really makes work more simple and compliant (where the work is done).
To continue searching of the best molecules for lives improvement.
The company should keep doing the great work as so far and be very careful which compromises they will decided to go for. I love this firm and I deeply hope we'll keep being the special place where employees can focus on doing the best job possible in order to fulfill the company's mission which is to save and improve lives.
Need new products pipeline and job security
Give the people who already work for MSD more changes en opportunities, not just for the people who are new in the company. For instance when someone is new in the company a higher salary is easily given because we want that person to choose for us. But there are also people who's work changes / more responsibilities, other intern job. Then very often the conditions stay the same and that is not fair.
Providing a save environment for employees is one of my greatest wishes. Institutions like the office of ethics are a great start for that goal. I am taught to inform MSD via the office of etics if I experience sexual or ethical harassment, threats or fals accusations, but when I was one this situations I didn't have this option. I was helpless. Reporting harassments at work is not possible in all countries! In my opionon it's recless to advertise a really great help solution for people in misery but not provide the promised support. 'Improving a healthy and save environment for employees' is definitly one necessary next step
Safety to speak up, challenging the ways we have always done it. The feeling of hierarchy is present.
The Merck & MSD has definitely taken a lot of actions towards the well being of the employees, mental health, work & life balance in these hard times. However, I think the set targets on the delivery sometimes might not go hand in hand with achieving these smoothly (on some of the levels) and people tend to prioritize the work life and get into more pressure - which might end up in the loss of motivation or eventually the burn-out.  I believe it would be be good to look into the ways how the actions towards the balance can be emphasized.
Make sure that there are enough bums on seats to deal with the extra workload big changes bring, then everyone can get on with giving our customers great customer service, stress and workload will be reduced.  Other than that i feel very well supported by my manager and the senior leadership team, but certain areas of the business desperately need more resource, it impacts accross the whole business.
Work/life balance needs to improve.  Support a more leaner organization in terms of processes and decision making that will speed up ways of working
How we research, manufacture and commercialize our products and services MUST be exemplary in terms of environmental sustainability, we could set ambitious targets for ourselves (carbon footprint including in transport for employees, plastic usage, water consumption, etc) and communicate them to the public and to Wall Street. Can we "Be Well" if we make our environment "less well"?
Make medicines donation for developing (poor) countries
For operation departments (eg. PtP ) ; To have a clear vision of the upcoming; for example; whether the automation (robotics)will take our jobs on the near future or ? To have a certainty of this concern; could give a good impact for  related associates where to focus on improving ourselves within our MSD /Merck .  -To have a tailored and clear "improvement & development" scheme/plan for each department
I feel that MSD is a fantastic place to work with work-life balance, friendly atmosphere and great career prospects.
Merck/MSD should put more focus on internal resources (especially CMC) in order to support Emerging Markets pipeline access in early stages. Although there is a positive attitude towards this, I observe a lot of internal resource support issues when it comes supporting MoW filings. The focus is always the major markets and only when resources are available MoW markets get a place to file. This focus and internal allocation should be improved.
Country HR policies can be further liberalized to support employee expectations
Facilitate access to Covid19 vaccines for employees and near family
MSD is still very hierarchical. I miss feedback culture - here this is mote using the manager as the escalation point so at the end I feel challenging status quo is not existing and openness for Experimentation , Empowerment is missing. Nr of meetings without clear goal and agenda is a standard - having 14 participants when only 3 are actively speaking - is a norm which makes me sad.
For those working closely with East Coast USA, we often work late hours due to the time difference.  It's not always possible to start our day late due to our region specific meeting schedule.  I don't think there are any easy answers but wanted to share none the less.
Improve communication, explain decisions; At the same time speed up "transformations"
to stay innovation company
it's great so
Upper Management need to listen when work-life-balance concerns are raised - especially when this is a constant concern from the Team!
Leaders should stop to use empty phrases and start to work as role models! As soon as if they show that they can speak up to their superiors (which they currently don't), lower levels will start again to give feedback and speak up
Decisions need to be made by people that understand the problem and the risk. Currently at Brinny too many unqualified people are at a decision making level and do not know their function or role deeply enough to make the correct and more importantly the most efficient decision. Usually the most conservative approach is taken for the simplest of issues based on the individuals opinion as it is clear they either do not have the knowledge or experience to make a risk based approach decision.
Increase resources (people and budget) - especially supportive functions (assistants, project managers)
Give all employees, and not only new recruits, perspectives to evolve in the company. Over the past years, a strong focus has been made to onboard new employees. But nothing similar has been deployed for regular employees (one example: mentors) eventhough the environment but mostly the company itself is constantly evolving. Given the staff turnover, I am questioning the efficiency of this single focus policy. Is it fair and efficient?
The process of approval (decision) sometimes takes too long.
Do not make everything so complicated
Working from home has had a massive impact on my physical and mental health in a positive way. I used to spend 1:15 minutes commuting to work each way. This was a very stressful experience and wasted time. Having that time back to go for a walk or practice Yoga or even for once get on top of those emails, sitting in Outlook for 2 weeks :-)  has meant a huge amount to me. I am far more mellow and receptive to new projects, new tasks, and changes to the Status Quo in my team. Public Transport in Dublin does expose you to the failings of our society you may have help or deal with very mentally ill people, very stressed and aggressive people, people acting out relationship issues etc.  I do believe that it is important to build a relationship with your colleague's so I don't think working from home completely is the best model for me going forward but certainly a hybrid model of 2 days in the office and 3 from home would see a drastic improvement for Work Life Balance. I hope MSD can provi
Stress on doing things rather than talking about changes.
Reduce metrics not related to clinical research
Stay in contact with the employees. For instance; give clear and understandable feedback on the outcome of this survey and actions that may follow.
Stop being so risk averse.  we hinder our saleforce with so many rules that other companies do not seem to need to put in place.
1- increased use of digital technologies to trend, analyze, and problem solve issues that incur cost, downtime and batch manufacture. decisions based on real time data allow for more streamlined process 2- increased efficiency of the CRB processes. streamlining this process by identifying key agenda requirements and specific roles and responsibilities will allow for decisions to made more efficiently by key resources with the correct knowledge.
Develop a safety culture that encourages reporting of incidents and near misses and enables teams to use these events as learning opportunities without the threat of consequences interfering with the process. The entire incident management process from Enablon to SIF's needs an overhaul to allow the company progress to being a truly progressive and generative place to work and I feel this culture would feed into all other aspects of the business.
To have enough notice period of the current employees so that there is sufficient time to find their replacement when they leave. That ensures that the rest of the work force would not be seriously affected by the stress caused when they have to absorb the work of the person left until replaced
There is stilll a lot of red tape in our processes although i understand some of that is externally implememted
- Continue with the flexible work arrangement - Increase limit or more options on flexible medical benefits
I am a strong advocate of D&I and ways of working. I feel that the ethos is being adopted and I see that it has been welcomed throughout the organisation from shop floor to management. The health side of ways of working must be supported - particlularly identifying and allocating the right resource levels. Currently I and several people I have spoken to don't have time to engage in the wellbeing talks during the workday as there isn't sufficient time to complete core duties and attend talks.
Listen to what people on the ground have to say.  Don't just launch new projects without talking to the people who have to work with the result afterwards.
To simplify processes instead of make them more and more complex.
Improve awareness and access to tools and support for future hybrid ways of working post pandemic Walk the talk relative to "Fortify the Future", challenge and change what we do and how we do it; opportunities are there to drive efficiency and optimisation across business functions
We need to breakdown the silos in our company.  For too long we have operated as companies in companies especially between HH and MRL.  We know the science is critical to our future and for the future of the patients we serve but we have to do a better job at coming together as cross functional teams and aligning on the commercialisation of the science.  I see too many examples of siloed working and conflict in our company at all levels.  If we fail to come together as effective teams patients will not get access to our innovations, we will not drive shareholder value and ultimately we will not have the resources to continue to invest in the science.
Create the conditions that will allow our employees to have a fair day's work. The company sends excellent messages about mental health, time management, work/life balance, but is reluctant to provide the staffing levels or simplified systems that can make those things a reality for a lot of people.
Make progression for MSD staff a norm, and not as sporadically as it currently is.
Be One company, make available same opportunities, resources, process and procedures within the same country. Better balance between work and private life Reduce reiterative meetings with non added value Increase individual accountability and empowerment
Establish a culture for open and honest dialogue between departments and colleagues with open and honest feedback on what could be improved - from personal and professional perspective.
Make people development as measured deliverable of every people manager.
Real innovation with digital transformation, be less HQ-centric, develop cross-functional collaboration, and reconnect management with people working on the field (project, operations...)
re-establish a multi-year formal employee development plan.  It is good to have a personal development priority and a career aspiration field in the employee profile but personal development is spanning across multiple years often. And it is key to take time to discuss this with your manager and get a plan articulated for on how one could advance on its professional journey at MSD.
Set clear priorities, everything is a priority which makes it difficult for people to work out what must be done, what should be done and what could be done when time and resources allow. Managers don't use priorities to manage people properly, this is really evident in the current working situation with so many people struggling to cope with worklife. and stress.  There is too much complexity at MSD. Complex systems not talking to each other or reporting out to give country level report view. MSD manages everything with the same risk in mind, creating additional work that is not really necessary as the risk is not that big, too risk adverse is a burden to our people. Nothing is ever stopped, just seems to fade away. Efficiency and simplification and clear priorities advocated from the top.
Centralise the power. Decision making  of territory/ area... allotment should be based on equal potential to all employees. Should not be biased. We’re someone is given almost no potential territory or key account. Just to ensure that employee is demotivated and leaves the organisation.
Offer training to managers to be better leaders to their teams. MSD is a good place to work for. Employees leave bad managers and not the company. Develop flexible work from home policies post COVID. Promote work-life integration. Flat structures are great but they tend to limit the chances of promotions within the division. Not everyone wants to be a CEO one day. Accept and let people grow, develop and excel within their current roles.
Encourage more big picture thinking within teams departments and cross department and cross site and discourage silo working
Hiring real leaders from outside who understand their work and can motivate the people to reach company's goal. Adopting new ways of working especially on the leadership level. Turning the current model of leadership into more Agile and squad based one. Training the current leadership team with basic communication skills. Simplifying the current organization structure to reflect higher flexibility in implementing of various innovations, and constantly bringing added value for the business.
Every Region, Every product should count. We should be commited to building our brands. Doubt if anyone else will faithfully do that for us. Development
Need to help the above site teams "walk in the shoes" of the plants. QSIP has been a huge challenge.  We rolled out the program years ago with a dedicated staff.  Then we took the dedicated staff away b/c it was too expensive and asked the sites to do their day job and implement.   As the organization pulled people away to do other work - COVID hit and QSIP still implemented a few topics and expects to pick up again in 2021.  This initiative has caused more churn, frustration, unplanned events (QNs).  It is also extremely risky that we don't ask anyone to physically train on the procedures we have established (I'm still not sure how to explain that to a regulator.)  We get Quality Management System updates almost daily which shows a lack of control over the global system.  To me this further demonstrates instability in our global Quality System. Finally, Digital solutions are not always the answer.  GLIMS has been extremely painful to implement.
More transparency on company strategy for the future of our site. Lots of uncertainty right now. Would be nice if there was a clearer plan for the site to put everyone's mind at ease about the future.
Build Change Management capabilities and support employees with Resilience skills.
Provide enough human resources, so that employees can have work life balance, and redesign the Compensation Plan with amount salary increase grids, instead of %, as a % applied to a low salary will always result in a low increase, meaning a low salary range for many years.
To really be focused to external stakeholders instead of hearing other MSD colleagues echoing one´s own words "we are doing right things - arent we?"
Employee growth, Performance appreciation
There are too many short-term solutions that are communicated ineffectively, leaving many people frustrated and unsatisfied. Not enough is being done to train managers on Leadership skills. Too much pressure is being applied on managers, they aren't able to lead by example. Achieving change for the long-term good is proving difficult. Communication is proving a huge challenge when working virtually.
to allow home working to be a fluid option for office based staff instead of a formal agreement
Challenge if the amount of employees is sufficient. MSD is growing fast and developing many new products leading to more production and output. High work load, and nearly no growth in employees for support functions like QA &  QC.
Just keep on working toward people feeling respected and welcome, no matter what gender or skin color.
In AH R&D we need more people to support our infrastructure.  We need dedicated report writers so we aren't paying a Vet's or Sr. Analyst's salary wasting time on formatting a report. A report writer could have the report near completion by the end of a study.  Vet/Analyst would add in the results and conclusion.  A report writer can assure CVM comments are incorporated into our documents. We need a true document management group.  A group to maintain our SOPs, to control documents,  If there are branding issues this group could handle it.  A document management group could incorporate CVM comments into our documents.  how will all the FLEx center documents be controlled? We need an R&D IT management group, to inventory, and oversee the compliance status of our systems.
continue wit expedition 25 and not be afraid to call out whats on hold or whats being changed if a portion isnt working out as intended
improve crossfunctional work, and crossfunctional  improvement projects, we still see things in  silos and not E2E processes
Better learning for employees, including courses for each employee separately.
Be transparent with employees about long term goals.
I think MSD has been amazing through my time within the company as well as through COVID period. I don't know any other company that has been so flexible and good with its employees.
- continue invest in talent/ people - be more competitive compensation and benefit for key talents - balance resource allocation between onco and other TA (as in some countries other TA still the biggest revenue driver) - more investment to innovative ideas
Offer more career perspective possibilities and make this a pro-active item instead of re-active; have Dean Li inform the organisation what he really wants as it's very unclear now; provide deeper insights why MRL spends billions of dollars but unclear in what actually; provide clearer guidance on the future of the organisation, especially leading up to Loss of Exclusivity for Keytruda in a few years - what are the alternatives and how we're going to plug the gap
take care of its workforce like many other companies have done specially during the pandemic -- take a page out of Google playbook.
more rapid decision making, less goverance and more action oriented
Please add medical coverage benefit (Medicover, Sante). MSD is one of a few exceptions in CZ/Prague who do not have such benefit for their employees.
Implementation of strategies from top to bottom level of employee need to be monitored. All the BU should have same kind of employee benefits. Need to bring more products to Indian market to drive growth in business as well as career of the employee.
I believe it will be great in the future to work in the office and from home as well as working from home for me had increased my performance.
Keep employees updated as to the status of the working environment
Keep race, religion and politics out of the workplace.
Leave Policy to be relooked by HR.
Start IT support from the ground up.  Strive to be best in class with this.
Increase travel costs compensation, since relocating is almost impossible nowadays.
Since I joined the company in august 2020 I have been strugeling with a very agresive and difficult team, that has not shared how they work and also I have felt bullied in several ocasions. A small part of the team has supported me and helped me find my way. Today I feel stronger and some things are changing. Still, during the difficult times I did not feel support from HR.
Each and every thing is good we should work in the same way
Continue with the investments in research and development and creating a friendly enviroment of inclusion and diversity.
innovative product  Predictive marketing Develop new generation with knowledge ,abilities and creativity
Continue to take measure to ensure Merck has a solid financial future.  Continue the drive to eliminate social injustice in our company and support efforts externally that support such efforts.
Continuing to provide events/ ways to connect during this pandemic so that people maintain being healthy and have a feeling of being connected to other coworkers around them
Adjust workload and provide more ressources. High workload & Home office often leads to very high number of hours worked and decreased work/life balance benefits
Utilize their diversity department to evaluate lack of diversity in key roles
Better leadership, transparency/communication, cross-functional connections, and support for employees. Merck/MSD is tackling a lot. My suggestion would be to cut the "nice to haves" or focus it in a very specific way by launching focus tams (rather than requesting the "nice to have" broadly), and then direct focus on the "need to haves" that will bring benefit. This will reduce employee stress, too, because at the moment we are being spread thin, and that doesn't make much sense from a business perspective or a human health perspective (if we are compromising the health of our employees) nor does it bode well for retention. While it is great to innovate and get things done in new/better ways, it is often a waste because someone else has automated the task without sharing. In addition to sharing, gaining credit for the innovation (negative politics, rather than collaboration) gets in the way and lessens the value of innovation.
Concentrate on the mission - develop and strengthen the medicines that the patients need. Don't let outside issues interfere with the goal. Stay out of politics!!!
Continue to launch more Diversity and Inclusion events!
I love the company as a whole because it aligns with my values and principles.  MSD offers opportunities for personal development which inspires us to aspire for positions vertically.  However, sometimes it seems that our culture manifests perfectionism which in essence translates to being unforgiving.  People are afraid to commit mistakes for fear of getting humiliated, embarrassed.
The company should provide the appropriate Resources (headcount, time) to allow for a better work-life balance all while still working towards achieving the goals we need meet based on the company's priorities.
-  Reduce internal bureaucracy -  Make business processes simpler -  Improve ways of Decision Making:  Currently too many people involved in business decisions who don't bring added value to the decision - Reduce Strategic - Operational Imbalance (today too many strategic people) - Improve Digital Transformation: Tangable projects  -  focus on a couple of cross divisional systems  -  today too many systems and tools  in place and under development  without being linked to each other!  - provide easy access to all the systems and tools. give more empowerment to the users - give them more trust     stop outsourcing every business process and creating a ticket-world in which problems are only shifted and not resolved anymore -  lose of flexibility and control. - Shift to new working model:  Create working cells of 15 people from different functions at very flat hierarchy and a lot of power!  short problem evaluation,   quick problem solvment and prompt execution!     -
Having more resources to evenly distribute workload.
Better communication channels.  Hard to get announcements/updates, and to see who gets what information....a communications strategy for employees would be appreciated by many across the organization.
Help to communicate how different global initiatives should be prioritized across division and at site.
Please consider a mid year shut down as a forced break around 7/4 would be ideal. Employees are reluctant to take time off with so much happening and keeping on top of their responsibilities.   Possibly consider a condensed work week as other large corporations do. Summer Fridays cannot be utilized by all groups or departments and a solution is necessary for those who can’t participate.   Also, the vacation policy changed and has left some of the employees with more tenure with less vacation time than new employees. This is creating an issue and people are disgruntled. Perhaps a universal amount of time for everyone should be considered.
Be open to new innovative ideas across all levels and teams
Merck should take a hard look at the pipeline and focus on products that will generate growth and positive patient outcomes.
In wanting to become to BEST oncology company by 2025, we need to know what is occurring in the field. Merck digs in their heels when it comes to ASCO, SGO, ESMO reviews. We are charged with finding things out ourselves, which is difficult because not all information is made public. Also, we need to do a better job at keeping us up-to-date on competitive updates. Sometimes our own label is updated and we don’t find out about it until weeks later. Why is this? We need to step up our game!!!
Recognition. Decrease levels of stress. More people needed
a lot of meetings outside of the hours I would work if I were in the office. I think it is unfair to expect people to be in cars or at personal appointments while being attached to a phone call. I know many can handle this, but I have difficulty in multitasking safely. Also some expectation to work on weekends to get things done with tight timelines can also be a challenge.
Stop creating barriers that slow down productivity
Hire more full-time resources to handle the workload. Resources are stretched thin, work load is ever-increasing, and contract employees do not take ownership/responsibility. There are not enough hours in the day to keep up.
I hope the change of leadership do not change the Leadership mindset to ensure we stay focus on researching and delivering products that will help to the well being of people.  We need to keep challenge the ways we do things and the goals to ensure this company will stay strong and attracts stakeholders.  We are doing very good steps regarding Diversity and Inclusion, but we cannot stop and lose momentum as there is great value of having a diverse environment where people of different backgrounds and cultures can bring new ideas to improve the company processes or ways of working.
for me, MSD is already a great place to work
They don't listen to older/senior employees so why bother.
Re-evaluate the scope of external work required.  We currently have an enormous amount of work generated by suppliers that we must evaluate.  We a
Align the  financial resources according to strategic project needs, i.e. before deciding a business driven ramp-down, carefully consider pipeline, near-future projects and resources needed to execute. Improve /further improve IT systems functionality, assure seamless technical conditions as they are introduced (SIP) Continue the great progress achieved so far in people management, through the Leadership capabilities/skills development, this is much appreciated:)
Continue to give permission to staff to flex their way of working and their work hours as challenges of the pandemic persist
Appreciate the Employees more.  Put in place managers to care for the well being of each one and not just how he/she succeeds.  Ask AM I OK!!
Allow folks to continue working from home indefinitely to promote maximum work life balance, particularly for those with disabilites and other unique challenges
Current state is that people actually can't take vacation (except for very end of the year). There is no such thing as coverage or delegation in MMD. When you leave for your own purposes, you leave a hole. If you ever left for more than a few days, you will suffer at year end. Leaders and people managers do not make it safe to take substantial time for yourself. In the past, you could arrange for coverage. In the past, you could work ahead, and play catch up. Now, we are so lean and working so many hours, this is not possible,
Focus on drug development and sales promotion rather than social justice, diversity signaling, politics and woke messaging.  It is sad that Merck has completely failed to produce products/vaccines for COVID-19, while at the same time putting so much effort at issues like global warming and diversity.  The world needs Merck to develop medicines.
just be honest about how the Company is progressing through the pandemic.  Too many mixed practices across the plant-site with regards to payroll, return to work and travel.
The company needs to be laser focused on its most critical priorities.  There are too many competing objectives that dilute focus and put additional stress on our employee base, many of whom are still struggling day to day with juggling work/home demands related to COVID.  We need to back our our claims that the wellness of our employees is important to us by taking visible/high profile steps to stop non-value-added work and focusing our efforts.
Continue to invest in personal development. More opportunities to get involved in leadership programs. Additionally, continue to develop in technology and IT solutions. Make it easier for employees to have access to IT professionals to assist with troubleshooting.
I think working from home needs to continue to be an option moving forward
Continue to promote alternative/flex work arrangements.  Every employee's situation is different so having this flexibility greatly helps.
make pay competitive with the marketplace; enable enterprise-wide systems that unify data and "speak" to each other
Continue to allow WFH into the future as it creates a better work/life balance and allows work to get done more efficiently.
Ensure training and mentorship of newly hired employees.
Leadership development program for average employees.
get a grip on the reality of the competitive environment we now operate in and adjust our salaries accordingly, revise the HR policies around promotion and advancement and put the decision making back in the organizations vs. HR - we are closest to the shop floor and know when our people are ready, recognize the value of deep experience and encourage development and PROMOTION in place vs. position hopping to "create breadth"
Give employees psychological safety and encourage flexible work arrangements. Maintain transparency and active dialogue, favoring "overcommunication" to highlight commitment to standards and actions. This is especially true for current events outside of the workplace.  Further support and systematize gigs/short-term assignments, especially within MMD, to allow for employees to move across divisions if interested.
METTRE DU CONTACT ENTRE LES COLLABORATEURS EN PRESENTIEL QUAND LA SITUATION SANITAIRE LE PERMETTRA
Maintaining good culture
Redesign the internal hiring practices and make them more transparent and include individuals that are not in the direct hiring team of the position. It is becoming culture that leading candidates get all the positions and those that interview are checking the box to fulfill the diversity and inclusion box with no real change to get positions.
I think we should have more surveys like this and measurements of our employee morale. I think there are a lot of different opinions that fluctuate throughout the year due to changes experienced throughout the year so having a continuous pulse on how people feel more than just annually can be very beneficial. More information is always better to make better informed decisions.
WFH option completely
Attempt to take work out of the system.  Tasks that were previously simple seem to require increasing amounts of paperwork and approvals to complete.  This bogs down the system and makes work more inefficient.
Project strategy decisions continue to be opaque. They are slow or never actually occur. If they are made, they happen at too high a level without the necessary information. When they are made, there is not enough accountability for them after a few months. Churn on strategy and management reviews that are not linked to feedback or decisions result in inaction at the working level. This leads to significant project delays.
I believe is a great place to work. I do however feel a bit burn out, there is a lot of pressure to move programs/project along and sometimes there is the feeling of being overwhelm with it all. I think we need to do a better job of prioritizing programs and projects so that there is clear alignment around the different support groups. I feel that everyone thinks that everything is equally important and that creates too much stress to move everything along in a timely manner.
When we get back to normal, don't forget to have the get togethers, picnics etc.  It really is the little things that make people feel appreciated.  Have more events like the planting of flowers in May.  Makes me sentimental about how Merck used to be.  More of a people place.   For years, we had nothing.  now we have holiday party and all the rest.  The last picnic we had by bldg. 34 was amazing with all the fun activities.  i noticed a big change in people's attitudes going back to work that day.  we were happy and felt energized.
Increase Digital transformation
so much change this year, Ken and Mike leaving. New CEO, new role for Caroline, new role for Frank, Riad leaving.  We need a town hall to define the future and settle the nerves of the company. Budget cuts, downsizing and the new leadership has created a swirl of uncertainty.
You need to have managers actually follow what they read off a piece of paper.  In a Team Staff meeting they preach inclusive, promotions, growth, etc.....but then during 1:1's the exact opposite is told, that "we need to say those things but not follow them"
I think we are OVER emphasizing the diversity/inclusion focus because of political reasons.  When you added it to my performance evaluation, you've now over reached in my opinion.  Inclusion and diversity-It is important, and valued from me.  Settle down a bit-it feels like you are shoving it down my throat.
Focus on the employee happiness, stress and work-life balance.  The pandemic changed the way we work and we need to find ways to help the people.  We no longer have as much personal/professional interaction or  chances to develop relationships with business, upper management, coworkers, etc.  Global teams are working crazy hours both early and late in order to be able to find time to meet and work together.  We need to think about what we need to do for our people.
Currently doing very well, remain engaged with employees and their welfare
Manage the changes; Merck needs to change but i feel that we are changing a lot of things at the same time.
Merck should continue to support employees during this time of uncertainty. Messages related to job security or realignment should be transparent and forthcoming. Merck should also continue in its endeavor to become a more diverse and inclusive organization. However, I believe that the company should set goals that are tangible and quantifiable so that employees can understand the end goal.
Challenge the status quo and make cultural changes as much as necessary.
Open more opportunities for individuals to grow salary in their current roles.  We lose talent all the time for relatively little amounts of money.
Look at what the competition are doing - how can we differentiate ourselves, how can we challenge the current pharma ways of working with external stakeholders to ensure we are the partner of choice
Resources are overly concentrated on commercial planning, where many are only implementing what has been done for years. Innovation needs resources and empowerment to give other functions legitimacy to lead the way. For instance, policy and access need to be ahead of commercial launch so the market is ready when we arrive, but oftentimes, their value is measured by how they can help marketing this year, if not this quarter. It defeats the purpose.
The company is a great place to work.  Some areas may be understaffed which can impact the ability of the personnel in those areas to perform their assigned work, as well as any unexpected work that may arise.
Allow working from home for administrative staff.
From  my personal perspective, Merck is already working to deliver on our mission.  I am excited about our work involving diversity and inclusion and the steps being taken to further this agenda.
Maintain basic research -- don't just license in everything. Consolidate multiple redundant efforts in IT -- how many different "cloud solutions" do we have? Keep key expertise in-house. Don't get too geographically dispersed -- it is impossible to coordinate dozens of little research/IT sites all over the world.  And IT staff should be co-located with the people they support. Saving money is great, but be willing to invest as needed -- some work just requires a certain amount of resources.
work life balance
I would like to see Merck strive to have the healthiest work force in the industry.  That begins with prioritizing self-care, and having more than one health insurance option (including premiums options) is a way for Merck to support this priority.  I often hear how the employees are Merck's greatest asset so let's keep everyone in tip-top shape!
The company should focus on developing new products to protect our future.
I am proud to work for Merck and believe that the company is doing an excellent job at communicating what is important to employees and making us feel safe at work, providing us with the right tools and flexibility considering the current circumstances in the world.  However, I am a little concerned with how much change we are going through, particularly during the pandemic, a Spin-Off, a change in Vendor/Supplier/invoicing/PO system (Ariba), not to mention our on-going work, increase in e-mails and Web meetings. The company has so many dedicated and talented employees who always deliver as much as possible, but perhaps this time around, certain projects could have been delayed or timelines could have been revised to help out employees a bit more. These are unprecedented times in the World, but also at Merck I think, considering the volume of work and tasks at hand to accomplish during a pandemic.
Transparency and communication has been gradually decreasing in my department specifically to a point where many people are unsure of what the department will look like 6 months from now and that uncertainty breeds a negative work environment.
Promote faster.   I've been at the same level for nine years w/o a promotion. If I leave Merck it will be to continue to advance my career. Even with an advanced degree, new tech skills, strong performance ratings, people mgmt. experience, leading an EBR and receiving/giving mentoring, I'm just not advancing like my peers are. I'm starting to feel like I'll be falling behind if I stay - and I really want to stay.
I think the company is doing a good job making the best place to work
Step out of the current paradigm by having quality become more collaborative with business operations.
Coaching and supporting managers, help teaching and coaching them how to let people grow, give trust and space so that they can develop, facilitate them. Have the impression there is hardly any coaching.
more clearly defined career paths
Continue to offer the ability to work from home after the pandemic without concern of being replaced.  This will allow for office space to open up for the ones who need to be at the site on a daily basis.
Create policy changes that actually support work life harmony, such as no meetings after 12pm on Fridays or before 10am on Mondays. Managers need to do a better job of modeling work/balance behavior.
Research the impact of limited office space/work from home arrangements proposed for future - determine if there will be an impact on recruitment and/or retention. Many new hires are put off when we tell them we will work from home or, that they will share a space.
there are some senior managers that are not willing to change, they need to get on board
I like all the benefits and resources provided by our company, but it still feels like work/life balance is supported but not practiced. Feeling the need to be constantly working is going to lead to burnout, we are all feeling the pressure.
This is a phenomenal place to work and I am very happy and fulfilled in my role. I will state that the one area I see our company and the world heading is towards the integration of Machine Learning. This is a good direction, but what I feel must be emphasized across both MRL and MMD is that to PREDICT outcomes with AI, we need to make sure we capture data in a meaningful and systematic way. Excel sheets on people's computers don't cut it. Standardization of data capture needs to be a priority particularly in the R&D space.
Make it easer to access data and software. Do a better job streamlining the onboarding process so people know what to expect on their first day, week, month.
1. Educate/train work force more about automation and digital technologies to help seamlessly rollout such technologies without employees worrying about job loss due to automation 2. Short videos/write-ups about top leaders answering five questions (such as what they like about Merck, key learnings, and personal hobbies) so that everyone can learn more about them.
Incentives and Rewards needed
Merck MRL has adopted sort of "me too" or "me better" strategies in the recent years.  If another company is pushing a program forward, Merck will follow.  If another company stops a program, we will likely follow as well.  This strategy works to some extent but we also need to encourage more risk taking and be the real leader on new target selection.
Continue to share diversity & inclusion initiatives. It's refreshing to hear them and to feel as though you're wanted at Merck and MSD.  Continue to investigate new products so that our sales team doesn't lose focus and ambition to work hard selling equine products.
Have clearer plans when it comes to adopting a growth mindset.
Allow more flexible work schedules / job sharing / less meetings / time to get caught up on emails since all our time is spent in meetings we have to address emails in the evening or on weekends
Offer stock options and stock grants to CTRs and CTLs..not just the DCOs and above! Reward all employees for top performance. Pay/cover cost for gym memberships to keep employees healthy Increase the bonus and salary paid to Chronic Care employees...they are just as important to the organization as Oncology and Virology...Treating CC as second class citizens and putting Oncology reps on a pedestal is not fair ...Internal Medicine is one of the most difficult practices to access and we proved during Covid that we accounted for 60% of all online remote customer interactions. We are a trusted and valued partner with our customers.We should be on the same level - LER3 -and given the same respect ....diabetes has contributed massively to our company’s bottom line...and we will continue to contribute. These actions would make our great company even better. Diversity,Inclusion and Respect....
Continue emphasizing diversity and inclusion at all levels. Make employee motility a priority so that all levels have room to learn, experience, and grow within the company vision of diverse backgrounds and experiences.
Remote work should be flexible option for office workers to save on the environmental affects of green house gases from commuting and maintaining and office locations. Maximize and embrace technological capabilities and needs so employees who are able to work remotely can do so for the sake of planet.
There is a lot of work to be done on the topic of inclusion.  Speaking from an HR perspective, there are numerous teams and departments that claim to be inclusive but the team/department/site leadership members are not self-aware enough to know how their behaviors and words are perceived as exclusive by their team members.  It saddens me when employees tell me how they feel excluded in many situations and they don't feel comfortable speaking up because their opinions are not valued and taken as true.  I know of many females and UEG's colleagues that have quit because of this.
Live new ways of working, accepting differences and challenge ways things have always been done by accepting newcomers voices even more.
Ensure that there are enough people to handle the tasks and distribute those accordingly
Merck has done a great job providing both information and resources to manage work/life balance.  My Manager and administrative team reminds us to take time for ourselves and is always flexible which allows us to meet both the needs of the business as well as our family...
Keep top down approach to employee equality, health, work-life balance, etc  Monitor number of priorities... there are a number of deliverables, plus a number of priorities that really add up, sometimes this is not as evenly spread among resources as it could be
We hire diverse talent, women and people of different backgrounds and cultures. Yet we completely enable others to use the system to just piggy back along on others success. Our end of year review and compensation structure is completely agist and biased towards those with more years at the company and doesn't support those who actually care about the mission and do the actual work
I really don't see any areas that they are working effectively to strive for a great place to work and deliver on our mission. All possible channels to keep us safe are also being utilized. This is a wonderful company to work for.  It is satisfying to know you work for a company that strives to help others.
Continue to focus on inventing medicines that improve patient's health
Continue to solidity Merck's foothold in the industry as the leading Sponsor and partner of choice.  Truly listen to our stakeholders and understand what this means and looks like to achieve this place now and 5-10 years from now.  This means taking a strong hard look at our current position, talking to our stakeholders (even those truly in the "front line" ) to realize what is and isn't working) and be seriously ready to take action.  Todays times calls for tomorrows creative measures and the futures currently unknown.  Therefore, playing catch-up with processes, systems, data mining, tools, etc. has to be realized - we must take 5 jumps or hurdles versus baby steps to become proactive  versus reactive in todays changing world.
Promote equity in jobs -
Re-envision our entire way of working.  I'm not sure if and when we will go back to the office.  If many functions continue to operate in a work from home environment (which I don't disagree with) I think it will be important to schedule periodic (e.g. quarterly) in-person events either as group meetings or regional site based events (e.g Open House, networking, founder's day, etc.) to build a connection to the company.  There is something about walking through the doors, walking the halls, etc. that creates a sense of belonging.
Merck needs to listen to employees ideas and not always reject it b/c its something new.  Many things in my department could change but some management doesn't want to hear it.  There are many ways to get to the end result.  We should all want to get to the best result.  This could mean, changing how we get there.
keep moving forward with the new ways of working
The tools provided need to work properly and additional tools need to be created so that we can effectively work.  There needs to be a re-focus on work/life balance.  Although this is spoken about all the time, it is not being embraced.  There are multiple days where our calendars are filled with meetings leaving no time to complete our day-to-day work, so we wind up working well into the night and on weekends.  There are too many mandatory "Academy' trainings that chew up 2-3 hours of our day for weeks on end.
Increase head count.
Work life balance needs to be addressed, I feel like I am working now than before COVID started.  There is no line between work and life now that I am working from home all the time.  I have hardly taken vacation time and am feeling burned out.
Please focus on development, making, and selling pharmaceutical products.  Refrain from being a participant in US and global politics.
Consistent messaging, valuing work-life balance and ensure teams are consistently managing that responsibly.
Still too much lip service regarding diversity and inclusion.  Change will be difficult until the 20+ year Merck employees retire.
1) Support remote working arrangements even after the pandemic. I am one of those people who work much more efficiently from my home office due to the lack of distraction, saving of 3 hours per day of commuting time, appointments are 10 easy minutes away instead of a rushed 75 minutes. 2) Provide teams with the resources they need to enable them to do their best work, specifically, by supporting a better balance of responsibilities.  Many people are trying to fulfill duties that are not within their capacity or experience. This doesn't only put strain on the additional responsibility, but it also puts significant strain on their core responsibilities for which they were hired. Spreading people too thinly and expecting them to perform tasks they're not equipped to do is extremely stressful, exhausting, discouraging, ruins morale, and is a tremendous cause of burnout as well as physical and mental health issues. Covid has made the once tolerable "do more with less" expectation dangerous.
To organize the period for the implementation of different global initiatives for the countries to have the chance to have an better organization.
Encourage healthy work habits that promote a health work/life balance
Continue to look for ways to work more efficiently.  Simplify processes.
Focus on improving the systems/technology that we use to get our work done, which often can be outdated, tedious, and time stealing to use. Also, since the pandemic, it is important to note that the work has increased exponentially.
In order to maintain a high standard of scientific excellence, Merck needs to be more competitive with its compensation. Our top talent is leaving for opportunities elsewhere simply because compensation/opportunities for advancement are limited here.
Embed sustainability into our DNA and decision making. Currently - I dont think this is really discussed at a practical level. It needs to be a key part of our strategy.
I think Merck and MSD have done an excellent work during this years within their Human Resources, I am really Proud to work in this amazing company and looking forward to keep building my future here
When implementing new technology, test it fully in conjunction with personnel who perform the activities on a daily basis.
Work to eliminate the "red tape" steps that add time to our work in the labs.  There is still a lack of transparency and poor communication with lab operations at times, which adds time to delivering on objectives.  I would also recommend an enterprise wide freezer inventory management system for biological material.  This has been an issue at Merck for years, and it would be to the company's benefit to offer scientists one platform instead of each group searching for a solution independently. Lack of promotions and lack of how to get promoted continues to be a source of tension.  I would still like to see Merck move more towards a model of performance based pay increases in addition to yearly cost of living pay increases.  I think we all know promotions are not possible for all employees every year.  However, I believe retention and employee satisfaction would increase if we knew there was a possibility for a "raise" based on our job performance.
I'm a recent rehire, and returned to Merck in Nov2020.  I'm sure its partially due to COVID, but its been an uphill battle.  The most basic of in office/lab supplies have been hard to set up, and the scope of the projects I'm on is still very confusing to me.  Having better onsite support, and having someone responsible for handling project overviews would be very helpful.
Inclusion principles need to remain in the forefront of everyone's minds.  With remote working, some positive social norms are falling by the wayside.
Invest more in digital efforts to ensure we remain competitive and able to attract talent in this space.
Fight back against silly rules around engagement with customers
We should adapt change, being an agile organization with empowerment in decision making is critical. We have to look product development and manufacturing from an after covid lens. Barriers to entry seems easier vs before for pharma and especially vaccines. We are still working on regular path for development and targeting 10-12 years for some products. On the other hand we saw real life examples of doing these in less than 1 year. We have to adapt change to prevent a Nokia - Apple case in the pharma industry. I am looking forward to our new leadership to make bold moves to protect our patients and people.
Increase transparency within the chain of command. Ensure that leaders are less concerned about metrics and that they are open to hearing the feedback from their reports and encourage push back when cascading down initiatives. Giving additional support when initiatives demand it.
Prepare for the future by investing in the systems and controls we need to handle tighter environmental regulations and more potent compounds.
Being appreciated for the contributions I make in meeting with customers face to face.  Also, outlining the pathway to the future knowing that my role can evolve to meet the needs of our company’s goals.
less bureaucracy and less complexity of the basic procedures
We are not changing at the speed our competitors do. Why don't we create a working group to re-check all the steps from compliance to legal, from Patients Support program up to educational programs, from virtual meetings and digital engagement to clinical studies or pre-licensing, with a unique purpose of accelerating the change and simplify the internal processes.
Continue being transparent with employees. Be honest about changes in the company. Continue bringing diversity in the workplace. Encourage people to be their best and to help develop employees.  Continue giving employees and managers the needed tools to be successful
Add new products in portfolio in Indian Market. So total sale can be improved.
Continue to embrace the high flexibility given to the complete work remotely.
monetary benefits, like being able to buy company Stocks, being able to change monetary studies support to a budget for traveling(AKA PG current benefit).
Better IT integration for our systems. We need to make a much bigger investment in IT infrastructure and resources vs buying out of the box systems and bandaiding them together. This would help with overall simplification of system and processes and less administrative burden to HQ and field colleagues.
Play extra time, given that most of GPVCM colleagues, work more than 8 hours per day and 48 hours per week
Care about patients and employees first.   Don't play into current politics
Encourage individuals who have been working the same role for 5+ years to move to another role to expand their skill set. It is important to continue to evolve and to bring in new perspectives from different individuals. Too many people at Merck get complacent and stay in their current role for years and therefore others who are interested in doing that role can't have that same experience. This is especially true for field based roles Band 4 and above.
Merck and MSD should further cut their processes which is a great barrier to innovation and speed to market
Continue investing in IT to help streamline are processes.
Work in a real life balance, some of people have too much workload and they are no able to have a real life balance
Merck Animal Health in Millsboro, DE needs to be involved in the community - I was surprised to learn just how little is done, even before COVID.  There are still many ways to support the community even during a pandemic.
Continue to develop and promote talent
There is a sincere disconnect from VP level down to the shop floor.  Management of change inspired at the VP level and/or divisional level is poorly planned and executed, and does not reach out for input from a shop floor or even site level. This needs to be addressed, although it seems to be a systemic issue.
Continue to teach, train, trust, and empower Merck Vaccine VCR group—highly intelligent and able to utilize new resources when/if approved for our use.
Remove barriers within R&D for animal health. It takes us 5-7 years to bring products to market, when our competitors can have it done in half the time. Why?  I am concerned that lately in the news our CEO expresses himself as if he speaks for all Merck employees, but he doesn't represent me. I am a Christian, a group that I don't feel is included when Merck speaks about I&D. If we are truly a diverse company that has no prejudices, then I should not be able to see what political party anyone in my management support and vice versa, they should not know who I support. We should keep politics out of our everyday working environments. I don't appreciate having to defend my company's stance on different political matters, when they are ones that I don't personally support. I, nor any employee, should not be put in this situation.
I am an employee who has felt like I have covered and struggled to find my place/voice for most of my 20 years at Merck.  This last year has been the most liberating empowering me to take off the mask, show up differently and tap into who I am as a leader.  I am hopeful that our leaders will focus on helping all employees to uncover their true leadership while also creating a sense of safety, value and inclusion.  I am hopeful that the struggle to be authentic and to feel empowered will ease as we start to see more representation across all markers of diversity and leadership styles in leadership positions.  I am hopeful that our corporate strategy will continue to stress the need for bold and inclusive conversations, accountability from the top to the bottom, diversity, equity, inclusion, use of emotional intelligence and care for the whole employee.
Provide a more connected environment in the remote workspace both within our immediate departments and to the broader enterprise. Provide a stronger sense of unity as a corporation in the new environment. Make immediate, clear, impactful, measured steps in how to become promoted in this disconnected work environment, with less networking, almost no face-to-face interaction (where we have been instructed to stay off video in meetings due to bandwidth), and little interaction day to day.
Have managers care more about work / life balance and not just by talking about it but set an example of it
This is a $49 billion company - always remember that.  The focus is on other items excluding the business such as politics and social justice.  Question for senior leaders -- do you want people to remember you as great business leader or a WOKE activist?  If it is the latter - then you are in the wrong job, I'd recommend politics or community activism as a career path.  Please focus the organization on only the business and check your political beliefs at the door!  And I am a liberal Democrat, but am sick of the WOKE mentality of MRK leaders.
Reconsider the IT support model that focuses on Tiered support teams and silo's of expertise. This leads to very inefficient processes for troubleshooting, including finding true root cause and developing effective CAPA's, and planning changes because there are very few Merck people who can look past the siloes and understand how our technologies and services work together. I'd like to benchmark best in class companies to see if there is a better way.
Do what we do best, develop and manufacture health products for people and animals and do it better than anyone else.  We are doing that.  Let's not get distracted by those issues that detract from those goals.  We should be apolitical with regards to Merck's platform.
I'm relatively new here to the team at Merck, but I've really enjoyed and been impressed with the quality of the organization from the top down. My only critique would be to advise the organization to limit their involvement in the political arena. I understand that leadership may feel certain ways about current political topics and they are certainly entitled to speak on those when they want, however when you speak outwardly about certain topics that can rub our customers the wrong way. Keeping out of the decisive political landscape would seem to me to be the best course of action in terms of continuing to deliver on our mission of serving veterinarians and animals with the best medicine and care that we can.
continue the same way...
Please put more emphasis on health, and especially mental health. Compared to previous work experience and also compared to other pharma companies, Merck is years behind in term of personal time off & vacations. Merck is such a performance driven company that sometime you need more days off to cool down from the stress and pressure, and this should be totally normal. It has to be promoted in the culture of the company that's it's OK to take a day off for your well being.
Reinforce remote working and meeting etiquette. COVID and remote work has blurred the lines between work and personal lives and many previous norms in regards to appropriate meeting times, lead times, and availability have seemed to fade a bit as we get into this extended period of WFH. Reinforcing this etiquette and flexibility would go a long way.
Continue flexibility, work/life balance, D&I programs.
The opportunity for a flexible work environment post pandemic eliminating lengthy commutation time and stress.
Continue to enable honesty and candid dialogue at all levels.  Continue to sponsor a work environment that is inclusive and encourages a convergence of multiple perspectives.  Continue to keep communication lines open and ensure leadership is accessible and we understand what we can do collectively to ensure Merck remains an exceptional place to work and accell.
I think the company should try to have the job title match with the job description/responsibilities that each employee does. If someone was hired for a specific position with a specific job title, but their responsibilities change/evolve to something beyond their original position/title, they should be promoted so that their position/title matches what they currently do. I've been in my original title for about 3 years now at P2 but my responsibilities have extended to P3. I think most companies promote after 2 years if an employee shows satisfactory work and goes above and beyond. I don't think it's fair that my department has been posting positions for P3 and not allowing me to apply and hiring from outside the organization while I've been going above and beyond my P2 position and still remaining at P2.
Hybrid work schedule to include both remote and in office.
Continue to focus on diversity and inclusion.
Keep focusing on the employee wellness
I'm underpaid. I was hired during the 2008/2009 financial crisis. I don't have much desire to move up the company ladder, therefore ability to increase salary. But my salary does not represent the experiences and value I deliver to the company.
As the pandemic hopefully comes to a close soon, I hope to see Merck and my department continue to be flexible when it comes to work environments. Allowing employees to determine which environment works best for them as an individual instead of having a broad department policy not only benefits the employee but also the manager and team.
Benchmark across the industry, continue to create a collaborative environment, allow for work-life balance
Need better alignment on objectives and culture between Commercial teams and shared services (e.g., PRT, IT Capabilities).
employees seem tried / challenged by pandemic over last year - why not extend Summer hours?
Resources are constrained and clients tend to gravitate toward team/divisional needs versus wear a broader enterprise mindset.
Keep working on brilliant science. Make good decisions for drug discovery and development.
Continue to adapt and put in place ways of working that worked during COVID - remote learning opportunities.
Fair between what you ask and the resources we have to do so.  No work life balance now
As an operator of 24 years with the company ,it would be nice to have SAP updated on a regular bases to be alighned with what individual lines do as for as our processing tickets SAP has not been updated since SAP was implemented, also the point of SAP was to prevent paperwork ,were now back to more paper work with a ticket as before SAP, it would be nice to be able to deal with all paper work for a ticket or all the SAP Also - i know we have a L&D department , does that mean we no longer have a training department yes we have job aids but its not the same as hands on or having a subject matter expert or pay the operators to be trainers/ subject matter experts
Merck is already taking the necessary steps to fulfill our mission to save lives. It's great how Johnson & Johnson collaborated with our company to manufacture their COVID-19 vaccine.
Be more competitive in salary with the industry. Really consider not mandating coming into the office so soon after everyone is vaccinated (summer 2021) with the understanding that there are those that still have high anxiety around COVID especially with the new variant & the unknown, although vaccinated.  Take more precautions when requiring those to be in the office, like a thermal scanner at the doors of entry to take temps upon entering.
Fully embrace Ways of Working and delegate authority to others
Stay focused on our mission to be an elite R and D organization that has a positive impact on the health of our society. Keep a high degree of ethics but be willing to take prudent business risks. Be nuanced enough to discern between the role of a rep and that of an NAD or AE.
Our department is very stingy about promotion beyond the Director level, yet in all departments around us, Executive Director positions are being created and filled with internal candidates regularly.  It's very disheartening to see the impact of our group on the overall benefit to the company and to watch some in our department to be overlooked because of our direct line management.
Keep investing in research
Continue doing what they are doing. Limited disruptions to the ease in which we do things. Continued flexibility is appreciated. Keep an eye on the social, political climate to ensure our promotions, launches, programs are applicable at that time.
Need to do better at empowering teams and making decisions at the appropriate level.  Too much has to come up to the senior leaders for approval.
As a country medical advisor in Sweden, I hear many times a strife for us to increase our external engagement on one hand and on the other, we also have been deprived our admin support thus putting all admin tasks on us. This is very counter productive. We could really increase a lot of our external engagement if someone else take care of our administration, and also it will be economically better than for us having to do all the admin than now fell on us. In addition, this entire endeavor also challenges our aim to be fully compliant...
I understand how peripheral activities I perform contribute to the company’s future success, but our management does not. This culture promotes that scientists not bother to worry about the small facets that keep the operations running smoothly because it won't get them promoted. Putting "operations" in the priorities this year, didn't make a bit of difference because it clearly indicated major pipeline overhaul activities would be praised, but taking on huge portions of your department's grunt work, or building smaller desperately needed systems, will get you ignored.
I really enjoy being at Merck. I am happy to discuss further as this question can be elaborated on and better discussed in person.   - However, to be fair with this survey's goal, I am on the West Coast and part of my feedback has to do with competitive Bay Area pay that Merck can improve on to retain people. Yes, people come and go in this industry, and change is the only constant thing however, I know Merck can do better. I say this as a local SF Bay Area professional with experience in other large pharma, mid size and start up companies before joining Merck.   - Reduce the number of R&D programs that we're working on at the same time. We have way too many programs and that dilutes the efforts to move things vertically. Our speed is not competitive, especially not in the Bay Area.  - Improve on IT for all departments.  I share all of this because I care and would like to discuss more with someone who is willing to listen. Thank you for taking the time to read my longer message!
Merck has always been a great place to work, mainly because I work in a function  that allows me to work independently across many different business areas of MRL. Its important for Merck to continue to allow employees and managers to support various business areas and work independently. Merck should promote ability to do cross-functional assignments across divisions. Would like to see Merck resume  research into pain, cardio, respiratory, and continue AIDS research.
Acknowledge the technicians. Need to improve the way and style of working.
Reward employees.  Provide adequate staffing levels.  Provide better IT systems and laptops.
I think its tricky for Merck.  In oncology they say over and over:  We will never pay over middle range, there is no merit just a yearly raise.  MBOs in the time of Covid. It makes people feel they work for mediocrity. Why should  we not pay for the best, pay for great people? Why do we want medium?  Then that’s how people feel.
Merck is a good company but it has lost its way and while I think it is trying to find itself again it is slow moving. We are an R&D focused pharmaceutical company. A few suggestions:  1). Some organizations are vibrant and changing; others remain in a moment in time of the "Old Boys Club" and the they don't recognize it is the first problem.   Bring in new leaders every few years to drive this out of the organization would be key to future growth.  2).  Place a priority on fixing the myriad of operational process problems that have not changed in >10 years.  3).  Force talent development by mixing teams and leaders every 2-3 years not just in 1 department, but broadly.  Merck has talented individuals who can be retrained in other functional departments if the company is willing to educate the employees on new skills and grow a sense of D&I; increase employee satisfaction, etc. (ie, move people who are  strong managers or good at hiring talent to HR, take IT employees move them to operational or digital role
Continue moving towards electronic documentation in commissioning and qualification activities as well as validation and manufacturing.  Look for ways to develop employees in areas of interest to the employee even if it's outside his current organization (i.e., via short term assignments or split responsibilities in current role and area of interest).  Explore work from home alternatives (even 50% of the time).
I would like to have a better process for increasing headcount. Right now my department has too much work and not enough people. I don't even need them to be permanent headcounts just an easier way to get resources in to support influx of work.
The lists of "stops" and "starts" are not nearly as long as the list of items I would place in the "continue" category.  Merck has made significant advancements in moving quickly to meet the needs of its employees and customers, as well as making Merck more inclusive and diverse.  Please continue in that path.  The journey is still great however we are pointed in the correct direction.
Continue to listen to our employees and focus our resources and employee efforts on the science and hard work that has made our Company successful in the past.
Focus on Research and Development and stay out of politics
Work on building a post-COVID culture where teamwork is appreciated, where people can feel comfortable to come on-site and stay on-site to make connections again with their co-workers.  I feel employees have gotten used to working from home and not having to commute every day; some don't want to have to go on-site.  But, we do need some on-site work even for those employees that can work from home full time.  Everyone is isolated and thinking only of their own tasks versus work that is not specifically assigned that keeps the group running smoothly (example organizing lab space, helping each other with physical, mental, and emotional tasks, and enabling having creative impromptu discussions in person).
Ensure that enough support is provided for projects with definite timelines to ensure the project can be successful.  I know it's easier said than done, but it promotes confidence when the project is completed successfully without a lot of glitches due to time crunches.
Although I don't find this in my position - I know there are many people who are very stressed and having a hard time finding work/life balance.   The back to back meetings along with early days means that most folks have to work at night as well which does not leave much time for down time or family time.  This is not sustainable and seems to be a contributing factor as to why there is a high turnover rate in the dept.
Just keep up the great communication. The Town Hall Meetings are very informative.
Currently many if not all essentials workers feel that hazard pay should be applied. While many employees enjoyed the luxury of working from the safety of their homes, the essential workers came to work and maintained production as needed. Even as cases of covid 19 rose, on plant site, on a daily basis, the company refused ou the request for hazard pay.    I personally feel the company cares more about the almighty dollar than its so called ESSENTIAL workers.
continue to achieve alignment across divisional leaders to deliver Hoshin objectives
Remain flexible with the option of working from home to enable better efficiency.
Emphasize the importance of career progression discussions by managers with employees - with the sunset of myCareer the Company lacks solid Employee Development Plan tools to encourage those progression discussions
empower teams to make more decisions.  Make it clear where decision rights are.  Have less committees for decisions. Continue to reinforce experimenting and breaking down barriers and encouraging people development.  Continuing to be flexible in how people work.  Continue to reward employees.
At this time, we are working harder, than maybe ever before in our careers.  We are not traveling, but every minute of the day could be filled with meetings, email, trainings.  We continue to find ourselves internally focused, and not as focused on our external customers.  I'm concerned about the companies' willingness to take care of top talent.  I see top talent leaving our organization.  They leave with heavy hearts but find opportunity, respect, appreciation, and career development opportunities at other companies.  They are happy, and most of all, feel valued in their new companies.  Merck has strong talent that can be recruited away...but many are super loyal to the company and their colleagues.  Please reconsider the ways in which the company appreciates top talent.  I was a recipient of a retention bonus many years ago.  That further encouraged my loyalty and dedication to the mission.  I think the company should reconsider other forms of LTI and introduce more stock options.
Continue to reward its top performing employees with promotion and more career development opportunities.
Please stay out of politics. I just want to get up everyday & do the best job I can for my customers and not worry about what political stand the company is going to take on the latest social issues. I feel that companies should leave politics to each individual and not take a stand on behalf of the entire company. When companies take a stand it  gives the appearance that the employees, who make up the company, have the same beliefs which is not always true. We should help people and animals with the great products we have, support the employees to do the best job possible and don't give in to the pressure to take a stand one way or another.
Just must wait for the end of the pandemic and after thar, put all the effort to make a great homework mixed with office work.
Provide Leadership & not just Management. Great managers aren't necessarily good Leaders. At some point, someone should address why we need so many changes, or provide some stability  A good Leader at any level would evaluate & protect those who are the "boots on the ground" from too much work
Continue to focus on the patients first, to keep developing talents and areas aligned with the evolving market needs to assure innovative ways to better serve our customers.
More prioritization.  People are spread too thin rather than focusing on a few highly impactful items.
Continue the level of support that has been offered through COVIS WFH orders.  Put forth a permanent policy upon return to office that is well thought out, best in class and balances the new flexibility people want with the realities of the company's needs.
Leaders and companyshould give more autonomy to the employees (through less steps for approvals, simplify process, etc) and improve job environment for new ideas, different ideas, a culture to accept mistakes and learn with them, not seeking for someone to blame. People should feel free to give their opinion and act authentically without fear of retaliation.
Keep up the good work!  I just had my ten year Merck anniversary, and I am so happy to be here!
Allow us to collaborate with our medical science liaisons.
Engage Honestly and openly with employees, recognise the importance of downtime, promote a no blame culture .
In my business unit, the biggest thing holding us back is getting new products licensed in time.  5-7 years for licensing of new products is unacceptable for our customers and because our competitors are much faster to market.   I have been very disappointed in the way Ken Frazier has inserted political views into our business.  Our leaders need to realize that employees have views on political topics that widely vary and we shouldn't be making statements in the media that indicate the company has one view, many people don't agree with the view stated--stay out of this and run the business--please.
More realistic workload assigned to CRMs, considering the level of detailed the CRM is requested to be  aware of as well as responsible for.   Validations: workload of this activity  should also be taken into consideration.   Additionally support from HQ´s ASM /IMP / lab vendors to release shipments on timely manner to the countries as per plan. Its very frustrating pushing everybody to give SR and then ASM department does not release shipments on time and SR is delayed.    More competitive salaries.  Reduce micromanagement.   Have more transparent CTAC process and avoid inviting countries to validate studies that have low probabilities to be allocated to.
Promote diversity in all levels of leadership
Be careful with current politics! Don’t alienate employees and shares holders based on the current political  environment.
1. Simplicity in internal processes; too many meetings that disrupt sales person time on the field. Can cut down number of meetings involved.    2. Empowerment to colleagues to handle projects and not micro to every details and countless of meetings just to update on small details. 3. Too many unnecessary audits, even lunch and learn also need to audit when doctor is not comfortable having 3rd party who sit in to listen to our discussion. And company has no official letter to give to HCP to inform them if lunch & learn will be subject to audit. Most time doctor is not aware and caught of guard when auditor appear.  4. Learn to listen to staff - feedbacks given and always no solutions. Only gather feedbacks for documentation but not solving the issues, eg: veeva engage when doctor wrote in complaint letter and now reopen and back to f2f work yet the number of veeva has remain high.
Focus on development for current employees. It seems new hires can move up, but current employees are stuck. It doesn't make sense to not use the knowledge of current employees and offer them a way to advance at Merck.
Provide more targeted pathways for career progression i.e. if one would like to progress their career to CRM or CCQM or Reg Affairs then it would be nice if training or exposures directly related opportunities would be made available. Yes there are opportunities such as leadership courses nominations that are in place however there aren't any such opportunities for one that might want to transition to Reg Affairs
Focus on business
Invest in Chronic Care sales team for a strong future with product access, competitive and novel products.  Our division holds hard working, talented sales professionals who are willing to do what it takes to support customers and patients and keep our company thriving.
Stay out of politics.   It divides us all.
Process simplification and risk aversion
I'm proud to work for Merck and the patients we serve. I think visibility into long-term opportunities and the impact we are having around the world is inspiring. I sincerely appreciate how Merck invests in culture and people. Keep doing that!
Elevate the voices of those who are taking chances and experimenting - continue to reinforce that perfection is not the goal. Encourage accountability.
Please refrain from making political and social justice comments towards employees.  It’s unnecessary insulting and disingenuous.
Merck Animal Health and Merck Livestock Intelligence Transformation process has provided me as a recently hired employee the depth and conviction that my co workers have for making this a more productive company..
Programs should provide expert guidance instead of collecting spreadsheets and assuming the bottom tier can work it out. Help solve the problem, or mandate it. Anything but a passive aggressive spreadsheet, and variances with no means to an end.
Simplify process to make employee's life easily and productively. (Process cost more than 50% of total working time)
A pay raise would be awesome for all the employees. Times are hard and we all deserve a pay raise to boost our morale up.
Review of SIP vs AIP for sales teams. With the focus on Ways of Working is now the time for us to move to a more AIP way of rewarding.
Our People Strategy is always listed as top company priority and yet it is not pro-actively promoted and communicated.
Do only look at cost as the main driver, invest in the future on facility and people, the well being of the employees is important as people are our key assets, we cannot afford to keep cutting resource and doing more with less.
It would be good to improve work-life balance at the company.
The company should be placing employees top most concern on work resources as a key priority.  There have been on several occasions callouts to the Leadership Team on the double and triple hatting and there is an overall feeling of fatigue within the organization/function.  However, there are no concrete steps/sharing on what the Leadership Team plans/intends to do.  Our people just continue to get on with the daily work lives and putting in their best efforts; often at times; compromising on their personal and family well-being.  Such unprecedented times call for unprecedented ways of working in managing such issues.
1- Sharing clearly its vision & tools well be used to achieve it 2- Annual Compensation plan must be reviewed especially for those who are seniors in their jobs 3- Must allocate resources especially for the supporting Functions like (MA & commercial) to maintain keeping MSD as one of major partners with Customers  4- Car policy should be revised
Most of our benefits are outsourced. I am not sure Merck know the  undue stress  & hoops we have to go through to fight and actually use our actual benefits.  Two examples are: process and customer service issues with BCBS and Sedgwick.
Increase of annual leave days would be a plus  Helping to create an ergonomic work place at home during the pandemic is a must.
More involve country feedbacks to improve ways of working at global level
More resources to reduce workload, or reduced expectations of work to achieve.
keep on the efficieny improvement. keep focus on the key business.
MSD animal Health should be more digitalized
Be even more ruthless in prioritizing on what has value for patients, customers and stakeholders. I feel we still do many projects where this value is questionable...
Fast decision making is an important  piece in order to be competitive within industry.
Personally, I think a rule on not booking lunchtime meetings would boost the productivity of employee's.
Increase SmartWorking days from 1 to 3 days also after Pandemic
MSD is a great company  great products and innovation at its core. I feel however that it is to afraid to experiment and sometimes is absolutely ignorant of market needs and HCP expectations. Lack of early access and PSPs for smaller countries is something that needs to be changed if we want to really stand by our motto of "inventing for life". Also, it's strange that George Merck's beliefs of putting the patients at the core of all we do is no longer a foundation for us.
I think the company needs to listen to the people from the ground up.  Divisions need to work better together to work smartly and compliantly.  Improvements to be made should be cross functionally based.  MSD policies need to be consistent across MSD sites - all sites should be following the same guidelines/criteria while being compliant in their region.
open up for opportunities to develop your carrier.
Covid Vaccination to stay healthy .
Launch New Products .
Continue to embrace D&I, new WoW and continue to support working remotely.
Bring the shift worker's annual leave policy in line with other pharmaceutical manufacturers.
I believe MSD is a great place to work, however there is challenges due to COVID and working from home. It is important to manage stress and for all employees to have a work life balance.
MSD can consider update the employee more information about the company's future, for example Organon progress, because there are a lot of extra work load now for Organon. Besides, pipeline of the company etc.
MSD should make phycological & mental check for it's managers before promotion. MSD should secure & retain the talents through offering fair career pathway. Company should provide healthy environment to support work-life balance of it's employees. MSD should give more support to speak up work environment without fear or negative consequences.
The company is doing a good job, however how successfully the company can manage the transition of coming out of the COVID restrictions, combined with moving into a new location in London will be critical to how people feel about working for MSD moving forward.  Will the high level of communication and involvement continue when there is a different ebb and flow to peoples working patterns, commuting travel etc..  what will we lose, as well as gain.. and how will the expectation align with this significant change to employees daily structure.  In addition some honest communication about the future focus of the business and what we 'as MSD' want to be coming out of the Oraganon spin... How do we see ourselves operating as a business in the next 1, 5, 10 years time.. and what does this mean for us as employees (where do we fit into the future, and what it looks like).
Increase portfolio and aggressive business.
For many people the past year has been an incredibly stressful time.  Merck needs to find a way to help reduce some of that stress and at the same time make their employees feel valued.  Last year's reduction of the bonus amount to 87% was so hurtful in a year where so many were going above and beyond.  The Company missed an opportunity to show their employees that they are valued.  They could have looked at the situation in the world and said, there have been unforeseen issues and we are going to fund the bonus at 100%; it was like kicking people when they were down
More emphasis into the One Team approach during project work
Set reasonable, achievable goals with the proper amount of employees and contractors to support those goals.  Merck's outsourcing model has removed the runs of advancement for so many as only senior positions get posted.  The outsourcing model has only made employee jobs harder as it takes longer to get things done, things have to be redone and are often incorrect, and it makes us feel like Merck works for the contractors.
Invest in people to increase engagement of employees ( providing resources for social life e.g. a personal budget can be allowed which can be spent on hobbies/sports etc.). Provide gym subscriptions.
To keep house working after Covid pandemic, at least, at worker discretion, to be able to combine family and work much easier.
Due to all of the changes, make sure the most current information and current instructions are easy to find on Sync, and make sure old information is removed so there is no confusion.
Continue their efforts in making it a diverse and inclusive workplace.
I think MSD has the values and inspiration to make it a great place to work. Our managers are consistently keeping in touch at all levels in the company to see how we are feeing and getting on. This is not micro management but it gives a feeling of been valued that your state of wellbeing is been recognised and what you do matters. Managers can appear in any area and have a conversation with anyone they meet not just other manager. This gives us a sense of belonging and welcomed.
Balance the allocation of resources and manpower
1. Create a central data science organization within either Merck or MMD.  2. Reduce the number of people (specifically managers) in various organizations (e.g. number of non-essential workers in MMD's PDM initiative). They end up adding no value to the project and end up slowing everyone who is contributing with non-value added meetings. 3. Use the extra revenue from 2 to invest in worthwhile projects like reducing Merck's footprint. 4. The unwillingness to pivot a project (e.g. PDM) because of politics/sunk cost fallacy/etc. is probably why Merck moves slowly in terms of executing initiatives.
Continue to use Ways of working to cross training people and to use resources across different sites - now that we have learnt to work remotely build on it to tap in to untapped resourses
Create more transparency throughout line management. There seems to be quite a bit of decision making that gets lost and is not communicated effectively to our team.
Focus less on politics
We need to be more competitive in the field with pricing policies and structure as this is affecting morale of the reps and some have departed due to our inflexibility. We went from being known as a "rebate company" a short few years ago, to one that is not.....particularly, pricing of our reproductive hormones in dairy and Zuprevo in beef.  Regarding reproductive hormones, it will be a natural race to the bottom with pricing due to public pressure over use of  these hormones in dairy cattle, similar to what occurred with BST.  Reproductive hormones are a highly visible item in the dairy industry. We have lost hundreds of thousands of dollars of business to date because we are not competitive and that number is easy to calculate. What is difficult to calculate is all the additional business we lose by not selling other Merck products.  Rethink this strategy. We bought SCR which reduces reproductive hormone use, and is a decided advantage over our competitors.  Squeeze the others out.
Continue following science and don't fall into political traps.
If upper management is serious about ensuring it's employees are staying healthy and managing work / life balance, they can't solely leave it up to the employees to take work out of the system themselves.  There has to be a concerted effort from upper management to eliminate the amount of requests that are being asked for of it's employees.  We hear that we have are empowered to make decisions and I believe that to be the case.  However, we also continue to hear that the additional requests are because management needs them.  So, management has to consider that additional requests have to be balanced with requests that need to come off as well.
Secure that all employees have the opportunity to feel that they are working in an environment that respect them firstly as personalities
More frequent updates, most times you find out MSD news through media before its released internally.. like the partnership with J&J
continue to be inclusive to all at every level
free up the office space and keep the workers remote where possible
Allowance for workers to receive additional training [coding, business exposure, data analytics, etc]. This allows for more movement within the company rather than staying in one spot. Gives extra reasons to stay.
Keep caring about their employees
I feel that the company as a whole is effective at communicating the long term sustainability goals including the spin off company. The immediate concerns are in the areas such as the Kenilworth site, where persons are experiencing employment uncertainty going into the not too distant future. These individuals may be checking all of the boxes but they are being more compliant than engaged.  Many people have checked out, thus creating a mindfulness that could become counter productive.
I think there is far too much stress/over-work in the Standards area, which puts people on edge.  This stress spills out in their overall attitude with people who work in that department.  That area receives far too many inapplicable emails, almost half the day can easily be spent reviewing emails that have nothing to  with the projects one is working on.  A lot of time and resources can be saved if the number of emails received by a person working in the Standards area is limited only to their projects.  I think the whole vibe of the department can be changed if the number of non-applicable emails is limited.
Drastically reduce the number of reportings (dashboards of all kinds) that are being requested to the countries, which will enable us to focus on what matters most-our priorities
Greater transparency around expectations and career advancement; more targeted effort to elevate diverse voices and opinions
Give more access to managing our business and not be so micromanaged !!! Vertical structure is not good for the customer! Too many people trying to see one customer!
Embrace remote working post-pandemic... there is a benefit to collaboration to some degree but for those of us who have been working remote and not traveling, we have been able to accomplish more in this period and have maintained all of the relationships necessary. I have a colleague whom I have never seen in person but my relationship with her is exactly where it needs to be - I don't need to see people in person to get meaningful work accomplished.
Screen people managers on a 5 year basis to make sure they are still fitting in the model of a useful manager.  Screen new managers with sets of questions to make sure they can be a suitable manager in the future.
Many resources are stretched too thin. While the company 'offers' benefits for work-life balance like flex time, summer hours, and vacation time... it is difficult to use and leads to exhaustion. A career is a marathon and cannot be sustained when required to give 120 percent every day.
Stop worrying about politics, and focus on Inventing and Producing drugs to benefit people and animals.  Dr. Hillemann and George Merck would be very disappointed in our actions right now.  Stop the political stuff.  Stay out of it, and concentrate on drugs.   How are we the worlds leader in vaccines and don't have a vaccine or therapeutic for Covid???
great place to work: allow working from anywhere, unlimited data  deliver on our mission: still investing in R&D and science
We need to get to know who we are as a company, as well as, our new leadership post spin (ie Rob Davis and new leaders across the company.)  We need to recognize that digital isn't going to take the place of all of the good people in this company.
Consider working from home a new employee practice from now on.
hire more people, stop forcing people 70-80 hours a week. get some real health insurance that actually covers Doctor visits
some parts of the organization still demonstrate hierarchy and traditional WOW. I think we could benefit from more job/role flexibility - movement in different parts of the business to understand the wider functions and how we may need to adapt our WOW to remain up to date and relevant. ensure we adopt a can do attitude, it still feels like our 1st response to innovation is no
We have good Policies. Merck has to do periodic evaluation from the ground floor and make sure that we all are living our business life in a way the way we want to.
Trying to provide more resources and flexibility for families with families with younger children.  The increased parental leave the happened last year was a great start) but I do think if you want to retain your best employees trying to provide more to help support those in this part of the life would be a game changer.
Continue to allow flexibility in work hours during this time
Continuing to ensure employee satisfaction as it makes for a better workplace for employees to want to do their job to continue to improve Merck and MSD mission.
Provide better resources for training new employees.
diversity, hire more LATAM leaders
Add a retirement curriculum which focuses on transfer of knowledge, with formal checkpoints! Many Merck employees are at or near retirement and there is absolutely no guidance from anywhere as to ensuring continuity in knowledge. It's left to each retiring individual to handover his/her responsibilities. This is an enormous GAP in coverage!
Continue to focus on diversity and inclusion and make everyone feel safe and free to be themselves at work. Continue efforts to streamline our processes and remove excessive levels of review, etc. and eliminate silos. Continue to always put patients first.
Get a better visibility on which areas (therapeutic areas - technologies etc...) the company has decided to invest. Better understand what "FORTIFY" means in practice.
Better onboarding for new hires. Removal of employees who are not performing/finding the correct role for them in which they can succeed.
Balance work, priorities and allow time for innovation.
More work space
Continue to be transparent and develop your employees.
Actually show some ability to deliver on all the great new promises of work-life balance. It is not even close still to this point. I previously suggested for years that Merck was very much other companies in our industry in terms of not only HR benefits but also employee family events. This year, there are finally increased HR benefits and obviously no ability to have family events outside the workplace with the pandemic. However, organized family outings would be nice to finally see sometime this decade - other competitor companies have had much stronger organization of such things for years and decades before the pandemic. Even with the increased HR company benefits, there is still a feeling that I personally have that if I'm not working non-stop, my specific organization area and my personal Objectives/Priorities won't all be accomplished to the extent of the vigilance, diligence, and timelines that are always being touted and spoken about in project meetings, etc.
This is a highly complex question.  We rely on Construction Managers who are stretched thin in regard to talent from the shear number of new project and renovations taking place.  In some cases, they appear to be stacking bodies over experience and credibility for extra billing in some cases. We do not have the resources to monitor the minute details of complex engineering designs.  There are items being overlooked that will, and have, come back to haunt us.
Find greater ways to reach a broader and diverse set of patients who can benefit from our medicines.  Help address issues of health disparities and health equity in the US and around the globe generally but also specific to use of Merck medicines and vaccines. Find more ways to bring employees together across divisions and functions to learn more about our company and business and to advance our cultural aspirations.
CSR project that make employee proud to be in the company and simplify the process that complicated.
Work-life balance has worsen significantly with the pandemic and WFH ways of work.  In addition, many departments are under staffed, which is making the work-life balance worse.   I think there needs to be an evaluation of the workload & capacity for certain departments.
Ensure we have enough people to perform the work.
Merck could be more nimble and focused. It is sometimes a challenge to do what is needed for the business and customer because so many hands need to touch each initiative. I'm not sure if it is bureaucracy, too many levels in the organization or a culture that is more controlling than empowering, but it really slows down innovation and progress.
Merck and MSD must change nothing.
do what they apply about psycology health, do the right things without  think about the consequences,  really think about people not just say that, pay what they are pourpoused to pay and not change the politic in the middle of way.
Option to continue to work from home if needed.
Continue to explore new WoW for allowing flexibility and work/life balance.  Identify opportunities for improved empowerment and streamlined decision making.  Continue to focus on how to best grow a more diverse and inclusive workplace.  Make efforts to show employees they are being heard as an outcome to these surveys.  Thank you!
Stay out of politics, and stay out of social issues.   Focus on everyone together and be proud of the results that we achieved as a single unified company.   Let's not focus on divisive groups or categories.
Continue to balance priorities and allow flexibility to ensure we stay focused on key tasks. It’s difficult to take real time away from the office due to the sense of urgency to address decline in vaccination rates and major policy issues. I do appreciate the ongoing communication from leadership and understanding of balancing work/ family.
Expand full remote positions as much as possible to all divisions since all industries moving towards this. Will then be able to capture and retain the best talent possible. Furthermore, instead of verbiage "manager-dependent" for policies, please expand "company-wide" policies as much as possible for things such as equipment reimbursement for better set-up to work remotely. Reduce unnecessary stressors due to "unknowns" for managers would be the best method (i.e., provide detailed instructions for managers on what is approved/unapproved). Furthermore, would have a lot of value documenting dissatisfaction within specific groups (groups managed poorly/ below industry standard) if exit interviews were mandatory for all employees moving to other positions (externally AND internally).
Allow employees to permanently work remotely.  Thanks!
I see MSD at the right track in its commitment. On the other hand, our Company is present in many different countries, with different cultures, and, therefore, each and every employee having its singular experience. That being said, I also see MSD with the challenge to practice the "think Global and act local" as a tool to make here the greatest place to work and deliver the very best to our customers.
Merck can be pennywise and pound foolish.  The systems in place roll out *often* causing changes in business practices.  In addition, several software suites that would make my job as a project manager/project engineer are not available from our IT department (I'm thinking things like Bluebeam Revu).  While $400 is not cheap for a software package, the time lost by me attempting to do work with inferior products (Adobe Acrobat DC, Powerpoint, or MS Visio) would pay for the upgrade several times over.  Additionally, Merck's involvement in national politics is ill advised in my opinion.  The GA election law changes are not something that is in Merck's mission and the company should be silent on the topic.  As a shareholder and employee, I don't think Social Justice goals shouldn't necessarily be on the top of Merck's agenda. We (as a company) should stick to our Mission: To discover, develop and provide innovative products and services that save and improve lives around the world.
Listen to people.
I am still relatively new, I feel a need a couple of extra months to provide a meaningful answer to such question
Continue to evolve with the times.
Continue to remove barriers to getting the job done by empowering decision-making at the appropriate level. Evaluate and provide opportunities for career advancement at all levels.
MSD should simplify the way of work in order to be able to work in an agile mode in a world of constant change. Currently there is a huge amount of processes and in constant change and as new employee (Since Sep2020) it is very difficult to surf the wave. MSD should be open to initiatives that other companies are following and proved to work in order to improve in this aspect.
I would like  my leadership in my department and division to reflect the diversity in the US today and what we all too often talk about at work. I would managers to be better trained in meeting effectiveness,  drilling into the equating time= money so suggesting truly wholistic time saving alternatives not just creating optionalities that cost time (i.e. money) to develop and explore. Reward and promote team members who are truly collaborative, display high EQ and get work done. Continue to create an a workplace that supports and celebrates  work experiences gained prior to Merck. Create agile business processes: most things take to long to get any approval.
Keep doing what you are doing!!
Keep growing for us
Many people seem to be working all hours of the day every day of the week and have expectations for others to do so as well.  People should be taking breaks.  They should also expect others to do so and respect other people's breaks.  Breaks are healthy.  Not everything is an emergency and must be done immediately.
Keep staff positions filled in a timely manner. Don’t have gaps on teams that need to be filled for months. Stretch assignments should be for development not as a means to fill staff needs
Incentivize working from home versus a return to the office and travel
Personally, it means giving opportunities to new talents, believing more in employees and making decisions based on their needs. If Merck / Msd grows, all of us who belong to it grow
Increase financial resource funding to field sales so that we can compete further
Continue to provide flexibility to the employees and offer career opportunities. Staying competitive when comparing to benefits offered by other companies in the same sector and country. Facilitate forums/places of exchange and sharing best practices
Communicate more outside of the company about the company's values and mission. Consolidate Merck and MSD under a single name to build a world global reputation under a single name that is known and recognized unambiguously. This would help the company build a reputation as worldwide leader, a company that leads by example, and make the company more attractive to talents.
Flexible work schedules for the field
Provide a quicker turn-around on issues that impede the field from doing their work and being forthcoming with customers.
A way to apply to jobs or a short-long term assignment program to travel in other Merck offices around the world and also a way to consolidate all tools MSD has so they can be more known and taken advantage of.
Merck should continue to diversify its focus and product portfolio to fulfill unmet needs in the healthcare market to set the company apart in a business where access to providers is becoming increasingly more difficult.
HACER MAS SENCILLO LOS PROCESOS ADMINISTRATIVOS, PROMOVER EL TIEMPO DE EQUILIBRIO ENTRE VIDA PERSONAL Y TRABAJO,
I am very confortable with new aproaches of senior leadership in getting even better place to work.
Continue to offer personal development and maintain strong divisions like Oncology,Hospital Division and A strong pipeline will help our mission thrive.
I noticed Merck's recent press release about its climate goal and carbon neutrality. I would love to see this mission pushed further by switching all of our fleet vehicles to EVs or hybrids; imagine the difference this could make!
Transparency Motivation Rewarding
Work a little less; focus on work-life balance for all employees
its all good
Listen to feedbacks with open mind
Merck and MSD are doing a great job of supporting their employees during this crazy time. The mission is clear and the work that we are support is very transparent.  i think we just need some soft guidelines around creating boundaries while WFH. It's a cultural thing.
1. MSD wants to be the number one oncology company, yet 2 weeks ago the field force were told that salaries/bonuses sit on the 50th percentile of the industry and that MSD has no intention to change that, despite reps feeding back that this is an area of concern. To attract and keep the best talent, MSD needs to become more competitive in salaries and bonus along with the resources we are given to do our jobs. 2. Patient access is the biggest concern for clinicians. They need better and quicker compassionate access. BMS approves all applications, MSD rejects all applications. We have fed this back for 4 years now. Nothing is changing and our corporate reputation is diminishing. We need to do more for our customers and patients. 3. Consider employing more people with prior oncology experience from other companies so they can help better manage and shape Keytruda. Clinicians struggle with how out of touch and inexperienced key personnel are at MSD Australia.
Continue to have open and timely communications; continued focus on employee development, including designated time to pursue special projects, programs and opportunities to learn and develop job-specific and soft skills; continued focus on employee well-being, including flexible working arrangements
One on one meeting with GM & HR Survey all staffs, promote Training courses as demand.
Start providing additional perks and reward people with promotions for the work they have done. This will motivate employees
Keep updating employees and giving them opportunity and reason to want to be the best they can.  Working from home was a little challenging however once I got the proper tools and resources, it has become second nature. I believe I'm much more efficient as there are much fewer distractions. Working from home is also less stressful as there is no travel time to and from the office. Useless time in traffic is now time used wisely!!! Also being able to do some personal tasks during the day relieves the stress of having to do them after work. Less stress leads to more efficient days and a happier working environment.
i propose to create more program/project to increase mental health/ work life balance for MSD staffs
Probably adapt The New time post pandemia in a friendly  balance betwen personal Life And. Job time
Sharing session between CLT and employees monthly
increase benefits
The recent concept, Diversity and Inclusion is very important at this time and to encouraging all employees to adapt and practice this concept, I certainly believe that working together and caring each other would produce a great result and ultimately deliver our mission
Keep everyone informed and updated regarding any changes with in the completed
Ensure sales staff are given opportunity to work/apply for head office roles, especially in a culture of regular redundancies - feels like a glass ceiling. Ensure fairness and equity in the advertising and selecting for new roles. Encourage a culture of fairness and encouraging MSD's own people by enabling all roles to be open to internal candidates prior to external selection.  Encourage and applaud the sales teams, they are on the front line with the customers buying MSD's products. If they feel valued by the company and secure in their work environment, it shows to external customers and benefits MSD long term.
Continue with digital enhancements; keep us all updated on latest developments
Show that you actually care about the people working onsite during the Covid pandemic. There are number of restrictions, safety measures etc. but there's no appreciation, understanding, and fair compensation. It is frustrating to see emails about yoga or banana bread baking courses for for people working from home while being understaffed, not being able to carpool (huge safety impact on people working 12hrs shifts and travelling from a far) etc.
Promote about Merck and MSD to the public to build the good reputation or join the organization to get the reward for the best work place award.
Continuing to step up on becoming more environmentally sustainable and take bold actions in reducing our carbon footprint. We have a plan and willingness to do it, now it needs to be actioned.
Empower the people in departments who can make changes and remove the people in other departments who hold back and don't/can't make positive decisions, for driving the company forward. People barriers are the largest detriment to the company. Reduce the amount of hoops that must be gone through to get a process done.
Better support career development by making HR band more flexible and changing/removing the lump sum process that is too rigid
keep inventing and developing new medicines to help people get better and live longer while strongly improving our safety environment at work and to also practice safety outside of work.
Not pressure to work outside if can be virtual and understand better extending circumstances of covid complicated homelife
I think MSD provides continuously and properly all the resources to make our journey and to deliver to the society what is expected from us. Being a giant of pharmaceuticals and biologicals, MSD could help his employees by providing Covid vaccines in countries (like mine, Argentina) that are struggling to get them.
Vaccinate all employees and open office again
Simplify Processes , Simplify structures. Complex Structures and many layers are creating unnecessary workload and drive burden on people. Quantity and Variety of process again creating workload , putting many barriers and make daily job hectic that impacts work life balance.  Focus more internal rather than external.Work to be done for internal resources over scores external focus on customers and patients
We are very isolated. Vaccinated people should be allowed to return to physical offices and locations. Being remote does not allow us to truly see what is going on at a physical production site.
Return to work flexibility.
feedback from a higher level on work people are doing
I cannot fairly answer this question as I have only been with the company one month.
I think to hire people specifically for certain (paperwork/equipment/storage) side tasks which make work slow and stressful. For exapmle maybe think of investing in a smart storage system with QR codes or something.
Less rules and paperwork in order to control everything
I would like managers to realize the potential that each employee has, I also think that diversity and inclusion is a bit forced, at least with the LGBTQ + population I think there are also other diversity groups that they should take into account
Make more workers permanent ,rather than keep hiring contractors. We train these people then they leave after the contract is up. They take all our valuable training to other company's.
Remove barriers/bureaucracy (really do it, just don't talk about it).  The day-to-day work hasn't improved in the last 2 years
Continue doing the DEI work and examining the healthcare disparities among black and brown communities.
Evaluate the work  and challenges of my work area.
Merck and MSD is already doing an excellent job in delivering on their mission. However, in order to take the company to an even better place, checking on the mental health of the employees, especially in the midst of the pandemic, as frequently as possible, is of utmost importance. It is important to ensure that each group has enough number of employees and enough resources to handle their workload. Also, prioritization of the workload (based on impact) along with finding effective ways to distribute the workload uniformly among the employees, are required.
Make sure that there are enough resources available to perform our job. Improve in R&D pipeline, and make sure that we are investing in innovative projects
better understanding with regards to work/life balance.
Remove the 12 lunch rule in FPL. Our competition is winning because of our policies.   Also, if you’re going to keep the RAT tool around. We need earlier in the week. Friday at 3pm that affects Monday appts is practical. For this reason I don’t schedule anything with customers on mondays.
It's very important to hear what people says and feels about workload. Worklife balance is not the same in all the Therapeutic areas (i.e. Oncology vs the rest of TAs), at least in my department and this has a negative impact on the employee's performance. It would be great if Managers and Leadership teams pay more attention to these differences and create a more equal enviroment. All of us would like to participate in initiatives or projects that contribute to our professional development and networking but the ones who are overwhelmed never finhd the room to be engaged in these opprtunities wich add more frustation. This apart from the fact that there is less time to balance and support the family needs nowadays with the kids with homeschooling.
Continue to work on retaining the great talent we have within our company.
I think we must be able to be and be seen (make it official, communicate) as more flexible in terms of work load and need to be physically present at the office. The world has changed way faster that we all have anticipated and now people will want to find a balance between WFH and RTW. What is Merck's official position about it? I still don't know. But I bet many collaborators are willing to see a more flexible approach to it by Merck.
Focus on informed decision making but not churn. Also focus on level-appropriate discussions.
Merck is just such a hard place to work! It is so difficult to get resources approved, innovation to take place.  The legal review process is broken and I continually hear there isn't enough PRT time - which doesn't solve the issues of needing timely resources.  Additionally, USMA needs it's own pathway to get proactive resources approved.  Overall, our bureaucracy and low risk tolerance continues to put us at competitive disadvantages.
Clearly communicate anticipated changes coming with the turnover in leadership.
Merck needs to be competitive in terms of wages and benefits. Leaders also need to walk the talk. There is a lot of discussion of being a data driven organization, however it is not always clear that employees that consistently exhibit strength in these areas are valued by Senior Leaders.
Embrace remote work. Working from home as a permanent option for non-lab based employees is key to attracting the best talent and to D&I – which Merck has a renewed focus in. Remote work allows new mothers who can't or don't want to pay the exorbitant costs for childcare to work, as well as those with physical or mental disabilities who work best in their safe space. Remote work allows people the opportunity to work from a setting where they will thrive, which is a key component to a truly diverse and inclusive work force. Having a remote option allows Merck to reach talent in other areas of the country, which not only increases the companies diversity of talent, but benefits remote regions where good jobs are needed. Working remote benefits the environment. Office buildings emit hundreds to thousands of tons of CO2/year, in addition to commuting. Working remote shows you truly care about people – not just imposing an archaic hierarchical corporate power dynamic.
Acknowledge differences in cultures between countries and companies within Merck and MSD and try to make processes and procedures less complex.
Consider the workload people have, we know MSD considers the well being of employees, but deliverables and priorities have not slowed down. Also, to be part of an agile culture, there are still too many processes and procedures that need to pass through legal, compliance and finance that take longer than expected
Treat all team members as true team members that are contributing to over all success of the ogr.  No one work group is better/worse or more/less contributing/enabling each others success.  Show said equality through equal support with enabler
Ask Leaders to stop making social and political statements that do not pertain to the business.  I would also like to  see defined paths for promotions/advancement
Delivery on diverse pipeline of drug candidates, and develop diverse culture to allow the company to succeed.
Continuing to rigorously partition the research and commercial sides of the work being done, thus preserving the intellectual integrity of the research work, will go a long way in making sure that Merck and MSD can be a great research institution in the future.
Continuous to be a diversity company (company that cares about everyone), encouraging and engage everyone to achieve the companies goal.
1. Provide a road map for development and advancement. 2. Have a public forum for 'gigs' or other opportunities, other than workday or delve, maybe in the B53 corridor.
There seems to be a lot of policies and procedures that create unnecessary hurdles to significantly change the way we work and improve efficiency. Also work towards to more in-line promotion to minimize turn over.
Invest in Work life balance for employees, maybe Childcare support.
Keep working on our culture and focusing on our people
Continue with efforts on customer centricity.
1) Please eliminate scheduled meetings on Fridays. When meetings are scheduled a few weeks in advance there is no need to schedule them on Fridays especially at 4 pm. Of course, if there is an urgent need it is reasonable to schedule meetings on Fridays.  2) When staffing is spread thin, please do not mandate a less than 15 week filing timeline. 3) Please increase staffing in regulatory function - people are really overworked and mistakes are being made.4) Please reconsider how many vertical layers of 'review' a document needs to go through. In many cases, the author makes a change based on a comment only to have to revise that change based on a comment made by a reviewer during a later stage. This leads to lots of extra work and redundancy.
Would be better if we focused on our business and stayed out of the political swamp.  Can't show up as your authentic self  if the thought police are watching.
Spend time to listen to employees in a personal conversation rather than through surveys.
increase salaries to slow down the outflow of workers and thus reduce the workload, get rid of wage inequalities
Stay focused on our mission to bring novel solutions to unmet medical needs across the globe.
I love working remotely, however I feel the company needs to embrace better ways of working and enforce consideration for each other while working remotely. The company's main source of support has been additional emails/meetings, but no action to support our mental & physical well-being through this. Many other pharma companies gave some Fridays off for mental health. I am constantly working more than I was when we were in office and the expectations of working around the clock are present, with meetings regularly scheduled over lunch and into evenings. The behaviors have continued for over a year now, making it increasingly difficult to push back. Even our vacation and time off policies need to be updated. Most specifically our maternity leave is the lowest of other pharma companies. We have just about as much time as a dog mother is given before her pups can be adopted. For a company that speaks so highly of delivering on their mission to their employees, it is difficult to see.
listen to what the employees have to say.
We need to hire enough employees so we can manage our workload without making any event. Need use digital technology to be efficient.
Promote flexibility  Recognize hard work
Continue to develop great products
Currently there is a cultural gap between the words we say we are and the "walk the talk." The company wants to be the “most innovative workplace in pharma industry” but people are to far away to be aligned with this mindset. Is very rare for regulators areas to co-create with business, solutions on how to innovate or implement a project, with a view focus on creating a path for the company to keep protecting it reputation and maintaining complaint but trying different ways. Normally “NO” is enough and questioning is not most welcome. "Services areas" does not demonstrate  accountability - and saving some exceptions - provides services to the business that really optimize time and add value, with quality and speed. Processes aren't documented or mapped, so areas of improvements, no need bureaucracy may be hidden into “blind spots”. I feel very embraced by my team and by my direct manager to keep on trying and make changes happening but the external environment are not that motivated.
Have a better recruitment process for Management and staff. We find that some senior management have been in a role for far too long so it is really difficult to shift the culture. There is little to No consequence management on site. This is why people do as they please.WOrk ethic and culture is poor.
There should be more customer focus mindset. We tend to be trapped in the processes and too much controls, that slows us down in engaging our customers to deliver on our mission. We should always consider customers perspective in order to provide value and great experience. Specific example is our slow adaption to digital platforms to engage our customers in their most preferred way/channel. Our scientific CMEs have also been too focused on compliance control rather than the objective of why we are doing the continuous medical education. We need to somehow balance controls and flexibility to meet external customers’ preference.
continue to support employee well being
team work and together towards the goals of company
I think that MSD is doing the correct to be a great place to work.  I am happy to work in MSD.  It is the best company that I had worked.
It will be good to have a culture of psychological safety etc. where people will not judge the questions asked, or if someone doesnt know something.
I enjoy working at Merck and think the corporate culture is supportive of professional and personal development. Managers push me outside of my comfort zone which is good for my growth.  From a business development perspective, I feel the success of the company is highly dependent on the commercialization of the oncology franchise. I think diversification would help reduce the risk.  Maybe consider collaborating with diagnostic/gene sequencing companies to accelerate personalize medicine.
A lot of time is spent in administrative tasks that are needed daily. (e.g. Dealing with overseas teams who do accounting it is extremely time consuming).   All this very time consuming tasks do not allow to focus on projects that make the role more exciting.  It gets overwhelming to try to deal with a very high workload and high expectations when so much time is spent on admin tasks.   Effective systems that actually work and cut the time a task takes time is required. We are constantly introduced to new tools that do not seem to help, but rather make the job more complicated. When you finally get used to the tool is time for a new one.  More human resource is required many roles were eliminated from the past and the workload of the people who stayed behind just increases constantly with no end in sight.   Acknowledging that the work loads are high  is not enough measurements have to be taken so that there is change as this does not contribute to a good work-life balance.
A lot of work to accomplish but not enough resources and funding allocated to do things right results in poor quality/poor outcome; stressed out employees.  Support the employees with actions and not just messaging.
Guidelines on work life balance Address timezone challenges and create a norm
I join the company during COVID period and still to new to make comment at this point.
Continue on Patient care and Employee strong support.
More focus on employee health and well being.  Clearer accountability and defined responsibility, too many people feel they have and are allowed to have veto on decision.
Better shifts, recognitions programs and development plans for the employees.
I am a self motivated person. I am putting my best effort to make our organisation as the best solution provider to the mankind . But I feel there are some person in the organisation who are always feel bad if somebody try to bring the issues to the notice of higher management.   Our organisation is wonderful organisation but because of few people having mindset of dictatorship others are suffering .  It is the lookout of organisation to find out the culprits and punish them with iron hand so that in the future no body will dare to act the way which not acceptable in 21st Century.
Launch new products, Get inline with local bodies. Transparency with employees.
In MSD there is very good culture as well as good environment to work .
More employee friendly, employee benefits on par with other companies
Be specific regarding our job security we are ready to achieve the company’s objective but the incentive program is really not motivating for example if we are not achieving the Institutional objective which is currently not under our control fully in spite of achieving the trade objective losing the maximum chunk of our incentives. Secondly The fear of job security is prevailing as tremendous pressure is created by our ZBM Mr Shahid Azmi as smaller H.Q. like Allahabad will undergo reduction of sales force creating a fear of job security
We should understand the market and devise our policies accordingly.
Transparency in all the things you do & introduce more  new products to be launched as per the country wise
reduce the administrative burden
we are in a pandemic and everybody is affected. I am not expecting anything more from the company right now but there are still some processes that are still in silos.
should give confidence and direction for future
Empower people even more and train/equip with skills needed to cope with the changing environment and advancing technology.
Keeping care about patients,  employees and the importance of what Merck and MSD can do to keep a safe and healthy society and less about 'some financial investors' who more and more tend to have an eye only on their own financial well behavior in the short term.  Or in George Merck's words: "We try never to forget that medicine is for the people. It is not for the profits. The profits follow, and if we have remembered that, they have never failed to appear. The better we have remembered it, the larger they have been."
Value MSD's partners/ vendors by adhering to the timeline in terms of work pending from company's side. Approach should be customized specially for field force employees based on the external environment/ situation specially considering the unprecedented COVID 19 pandemic should relax sales target/ projections.
Move from Process Focus to Customer Focus. While we pay lip service to Customer Focus, our Commercial Operating Model in completely incentivizing risk mitigation over customer value. Except that aspect I love working for MSD and I'm proud of the work we do!
- Simple and easy process - New job profiles/roles - Transparency  - Competent/experienced leaders - Job profile : Should be according to relevant experience/competency
Too many management levels in MSD for decision making.  Remove some layers of management and add more people to do the work.
Transparency to people, about future plan, new launching and strengthening current portfolio
stay connected with mums on maternity leaves
Remind and train people managers on how to make a employees comfortable to approach them on regular basis asking for feedback and raising issues.  Work with people managers to provide feedback on regular basis and follow up on any issues raised.  Regularly remind managers that sharing information transparently with employees at all levels is key to business success.
To work in direction better work-life balance for employees
Ensure policy application consistency across all business units. From remuneration to accountability.
Support resource in real practice perspective
It is important to have more human resources to work better and have time to improve our departments. Now we only have time to do the emergency tasks, because we have heavy workload.
I think we are at right track
Keeping ourselves ahead of competition in all aspects would help us to be on our mission and to achieve our goals.
Knowledge and people who know  is the best way to win
Development plan. There is no career path to develop and contribute is different manages roles
Develop the Artificial Intelligence and new Technology to build future
Don't start new projects as long as other projects are still going on and also need to be finished. I fear the duration of the project will take long and quality might drop down. I can manage my own projects but I need to work outside my working hours and still during holidays I have to work and also go to the site to work. If this happens once, I don't mind. But in the current situation it's more general to work during holidays. And that's why my work/private balance is not okay. Since I have a young child, I don't like it.
delete half of the SOP or half of their content, simplify things and trust countries they can do a nice job without all little steps mandatory per SOP, ie let them more flexibility in the way they want / need to apply SP and regulation
increase support facilities for work
strong pipelines -  more openess and safe culture to speak up
Make it easier to balance work and raising a family so that great talent can be retained. Apply the same commitment to tech development as with R&D in medicines, invest and take risks.
Use MSP as holistic approach rather than a departmental which has consequences on other departments  for non routine roles, a better understanding of priorities and day to day duties is required as the demands change that sometimes it feels like we don't know if we am coming or going.  The ability to say no or not right now should be encouraged and the activities should be built into a schedule rather than just being required and no scheduling.
They should contribute to the employees growth & education in a higher percentage. Reducing the budget on this is not a good idea
Resources need to be put in place before rolling out new Procedures/Policies that require changes in how we do our work.
1) Retain experience and stabilize operations post spin.  2) Bring greater clarity to thresholds for escalation 3) Empower decison making at mid-management layers
Continue to ensure the helath of its employees
- transparency how Merck / MSD will look like after Spin off organizational wise and what steps we are taking and when  - create that sense of belonging within the "new company" and teams (after such a long time working from home) . How I do not have the answer but it feel this is important to develop a plan - provide the resources to look for BD opportunities to strengthen our pipeline / portfolio and continue to share successes
- Stay Agile not only on documentations but start using it in the work environment (from top to bottom and opposite) - Effective communication with Leadership - Supportive Leadership for improvements/simplifications/changes. - “Flexible” employee growth - Collaborative culture - Avoid politics. - Seeking honest feedback from employees as well as from leadership teams.
Strengthen the current market technology skills of the employees and create a TEST LAB to practice those learnt skills and be ready for the new challenges during platform migration or upgrades.  Look into future and adopt the new technologies in and retire the older.
Employ more people as every department is struggling with a heavy workload and causing stress. If we had more people that workload could be shared making it less stressful and more enjoyable. People would benefit by having more time to do other things that benefit the company as they actually have the time to think, plan and execute. At the moment people are only doing what they have to just to stay on top of their workload.
Leadership to set the right tone for culture and promote accountability within the COEs that support the business team. Understand the challenges on the ground and in local markets else the attrition is expected to rise as people are feeling burnt out with lack of work-life balance (feedback from business). Headcount reduction is not the option we should pursue as workload is already a top issue that employees shared year-on-year and the snowballing effect is now evident as employees start to resign including our key talents.
Allow staff the flexibility to work from home post-pandemic for part of the working week
To be transparent to employes
Assign the right level of resources to perform a quality work and give all employee a good balance between execution tasks, strategic projects and personal development. It helps to create a positive environment.  Develop the Growth Mindset to allow people with innovative ideas (even small ones) to be heard.
PROVIDE TRAINING THAT'S SPECIFIC TO MY POSITION
Reduction in the number of managers
I would like to see the company being more politically diverse. It's ironic to see a company preach diversity nonstop and yet all of their political outlooks stick to one echo chamber.
An onsite HR support at Elkton.  There are multiple HR issues that come up that require additional support.  It is difficult to obtain the correct information when needed.     Extensive training on pertinent systems that are used daily, for example Enablon and QN's.
I would like DPED and MRL Town Halls to provide more specific examples of their vision for the research organization. Highlighting real world examples of Ways of Working in Discovery and Development that our organization's leadership feel epitomize our vision is very important. Recent Town Hall meetings have been a bit vague on this front.
Encourage inclusivity and reflection of behaviors in a manner that all feel welcome to share their voice and feel confident that it has been heard and considered. Ensure that personal boundaries, especially those that contribute to work/life balance and therefore overall health, are wholly respected - Culturally, the EU/UK is much better at this than the US. Empower employees to make decisions at the appropriate levels - not everything needs to be discussed or challenged at 2+ levels of management higher, and those that are should be discussed with the perspective of overall success of the project and/or ways of working (instead of preference).
As a newer employee, a place to stay up to date on what is happening in the company especially in response to COVID and what the offices are doing/when are they reopening.   The onboarding process was more learn and things come up and I think a more centralized training would be helpful. At least a list of people to go to to answer what questions may arise especially since we are in a virtual environment.
Get alignment throughout the Leadership spine on priorities and commitment to them. I often see executive leadership alignment but that same alignment is not cascaded down through other layers of the leadership.
Continue to offer working from home as a productive and efficient new way of working.
Further outreach into under served communities by making medicines more available. Help drive education initiatives.
MSD is a very inclusive work place, I recently joined MSD and really felt welcomed and included and people took the time to meet and say hello, it seemed second nature to them to do that. I think that there is very high level of control in the company compared to other I have worked for which when over done can lead to a lack of empowerment as people seem to want to know everything that is going on. It needs to be understood what true empower is and feels like. The individual stepping up and the leader letting them.
Offer excellent training both NEO and on the job.  Authentic encouragement appreciation for job performance.
Actively review workload to ensure colleagues are not overburdened, now that people are working from home. Consider the amount of meetings people need to attend daily, could this be reduced? Attending meetings all day reduces actual time to get work done.
Merck and MSD is a fantastic place to work as is however from my perspective it has to think and act more global. People movement need to be looked holistically rather then US centric or EU centric. People movement from Asia Pacific to other regions within MMD are close to nil.
I'd like to see a sharing board for health resources for families. It's very difficult to find good psychiatric care for teenagers. I'd like use crowd sourcing at Merck to find recommended providers across the country.  Please ask employees what Research they would like to see Merck explore.
Be innovative , continue to tap into developing novel medications, taking care of employees
My Director is fabulous and is growth focused.  I feel confident that under his leadership my role is stable.  At a corporate level though I worry about lay offs.  Further, It is wonderful that the organization encourages work/life balance but there are no incentives for leadership at departmental levels to align policy with this goal.  For example, Merck offers paid volunteer hours but there is no assessment of whether departments actually encourage staff to give back.  This would be an easy measure of work life balance.  Similarly, continuing education would help strengthen our business.  However, the process for tuition reimbursement has opportunity for improvement.   I love working here and hope to retire at Merck.  That is why I am giving honest feedback on ways to improve.
Build a culture which involves everybody and functions through mechanisms not on organizational chart where everyone, all the time, understands "why" we do what we do.
Our team is small and many of my team members have more work than we can handle.  We are currently hiring contractors, but we need permanent members with specialized skills to meet specific needs (i.e. industrial hygiene, environmental management, ergonomics, etc.)
I am pleased with the steps currently being taken and throughout the pandemic period I have felt very supported especially being mostly on site to date.  The D and I initiatives are very encouraging and I hope that they will continue to the point of becoming the norm.
Accept innovation indeed means don't use company standard rule to limit or measure everywhere. if only have one sound that it's only because standard, MSD won't be great
Talent retention should be a priority.  If we have an individual who is doing a job function entirely alone but doesn't have the years of experience to be promoted in a job description, HR should not block them from being able to be promoted.
On-site employees or partially on site employees still need to use a computer at a desk at times while on site.  It's not possible to both assign people to work on site in touchdown spaces AND support employee ergonomics (availability of monitor at appropriate height for individual, ergonomic keyboard as required, appropriate chair for size of individual, etc).
I feel company is doing a great job about caring employees.
The excellent experience I have in my current team was not always the experience I had working in MSD. Working in a previous team was like working in a different company and was not a pleasant experience. We need keep cultural and behavioral consistencies across all our teams, function and, especially, our managers across the company.
Increase female 600 band level %
keep doing what you are doing! I LOVE the progress so far!!!!
1) Our company should act on surveys. The last survey found that the atmosphere in company is not good. The only thing that happen among management was guessing why.... No real work to find out why, no real change... Just warm recommendation to managers to improve the situations. It means either our senior LT thinks that managers know what is the reason and deliberately not acting, or we our senior LT  has no clue how to manage complex systems thinking that survey can reveals the reasons.... In both cases this is bad for our company....    2) Senior LT should focus on the technical expertise and distinguish what was delivered and what was just promised (=left in dust). Right now the "selling slides" are enough to succeed. Claims "it is working" or "it is aligned" are enough as LT can't see reality... There are managers that despite failing so many times in a row are still in power...e.g. failed again in NGA Architecture, or built another duplicated silo are now managing again in CTO.
Allow more permanent work from home for those that have been doing so for 1+ years successfully.  I cannot imagine doing the level of work I have been this past year with a commute added on top.  I'd be happy with occasional report to site for specific meetings.  If I have to add a commute back in then I feel my productivity (potentially Merck's productivity) will take a hit as I cannot add more hours to my work day.
Incorporate lessons from the pandemic (i.e. how we can function quite effectively by remote).  Acknowledge the stressors (internal and external) that employees are feeling (and recognize that preaching mindfulness isn't enough).  Continue as part of Fortify the Future to refine the programs / products we are developing.
The list of training classes need to be scrubbed by job function.  I spend a lot of time taking courses that are not relevant to my role in the company.
1. The managers should hold the annual review meeting (1:1) before finalizing the review with the employee, not after self deciding and closing the feedback and salary raise and after wards informing the subordinates in the meeting that things have been finalized and nothing can be done. 2. The company should clarify the work from home policy for jobs which can be performed from home/remotely. It will help the employees working remotely to settle down in the places where they actually want to live and buy home, rather than in a limbo if they will be called back on site locations.
Continue to listen to the workers and provide appropriate resources to compete tasks.
Require managers to actively engage in specific, goal oriented career growth/development discussions atleast once a month. For passionate and eager employees, encourage their initiative in this area and work together on a timeline.
Continue to allow flexibility in ways of working. Allowing full time remote positions with travel to office on an as needed basis.
Address the mass exodus of upper management and local reps. Locally reps are frustrated because their are too many individuals trying to call on the same customer. Additionally with the inclusion of MBOs , reps are incented to compete against each other instead of working together. The weekly RAT makes territory management near impossible. How can you reschedule a lunch that took you months to get when the tool the week before says your red and you can’t go.? Most of us have been fully vaccinated for over a month. Time to move away from RAT. Many of our competitors are in the field. VPDGs are hard to make successful as speakers can only speak to the label and not their professional experience. Additionally many of our competitors can supply food and we can’t, so we are disadvantaged. I applaud the move to no longer make it mandatory to have a college degree for a sales rep position. However if Merck only hires from contract sales forces that do require a degree, it’s an empty success.
I'm a long term Merck Employee. I wish one thing from Merck Sr Leadership that they do not use Merck's name in the political arena. Case and point recently what Major League Baseball did in regards to the All Star Game moving from Atlanta Georgia to Colorado. Merck joined other corporations siding with MLB in that decision. This does not reflect what all Merck employees believe, and I believe it sheds a poor light on Merck, and I'm a proud employee of Merck. Please do not engage the great name of Merck/MSD in the political arena, we love this company and do not wish to have it dragged in the mud. We've been told not to talk politics at work, yet our leadership is doing what we are told not to do.
Flexible ways of working (work from home if we want, even after the pandemic)
Make sure the right people are in the right positions. Allowing Managers to promote their employees within the organization. Make sure Managers reward the positives and make sure employees are rewarded for a job well done. Moving up the ladder within an team has not been focused on in recent years. The acknowledgement for excelling at one's work gives employees the drive to strive for more.
Take a longer term view and innovate vs doing things "as always"
I would like to see a more structured way to ensure personal, one-on-one support and coaching.
Give everyone equal opportunity to grow to the next level,
Continue to promote racial injustice and actively promote diversity
More consideration on loss of a child (ie.  only 3 days bereavement).  Used all vacation time to get things in order and have time to grieve, not enough time.
Leaders should get a better understanding of what goes on at the lower levels of the organization, exactly what they do and what their challenges are.
I believe that there is not enough thanks given to persons for their efforts.  The monetary thanks is good, but there is really not enough personal thanks given to persons who are really going past what is expected.
Remove barriers and beauracracy within marketing that slows down meaningful actions.   Create customer based P&L not brand based P&L
To deliver on our mission, maybe a slightly risk averse attitude.  This is admittedly easy to say but difficult to implement.  I think the company is doing a good job licensing in products and making judgments as quickly as possible, while maintaining strong internal efforts.
Work and life balance, thinking more of the employees' well-being, focusing on practical things that help employees. On the high level, Merck to continue to come up with products for patients, maybe with targeted/prioritized pipeline development, increasing our success rate.
Reduce the number of "green lights" (approvals) you need to receive before doing something.  Many decisions seem to require passing through multiple stages where you get a yellow light and have to wait, before then receiving either a green light to continue or red light to stop work.  I think we are very conservative with taking decisions so we like to implement many layers of governance and approval which slows things down and introduces uncertainty in whether or not an idea might actually be adopted.
Simplify the processes onsite-Too many procedures not aligned.  Better communication of changes/more notice provided and more consultation needed with impacted groups before a change is implemented. Change control process to be streamlined as currently a bottleneck for change/agility onsite
leave politics out of the company and allow different voices to be heard
Merck does a great job at many things.   However, development still appears to be for a few chosen individuals.   If those whom are deemed less important to develop decide to prioritize that development, Merck can lose significant talent.
Embrace flexibility / new ways of working.  Readjust pay scale to top 75% to attract and retain talent.
Findings way to help relieve some stress that is job related here at Merck.
We are processed overkill; the processes are too complicated and at times not necessary. There are ways to do things with less complications.
Continue to offer growth opportunities and encourage new ways of thinking. When senior management positions open, ensure that existing employees have a fair chance at getting them.
Support managers and supply adequate resources from a headcount perspective. Headcount requirement decisions should incorporate coal face managers rather than groups detached from the actual workload.
Continue to be flexible and listen to their employees.
Providing more opportunities for promotion.
Policies and SOPs at MSD are complex, redundants and derives in difficult to implement innovation, slows our activities. There is an URGENT need to simplify policies and processes
Supply the salesforce with the resources we need to support our customers.  Many of our resources do not align with our priorities and areas of focus and nobody seems to be able to communicate the reason for the delay of resources.
Provide the metrics of female to male salary initiatives, and continue the current mission of equality in all focus areas.  Merck and MSD has done an awesome job staying ahead of the curve and understanding it must be a continuous process that must be worked on at every level, versus a one-time quick fix band-aid that is not global or sustainable.  This is very much appreciated and shows the strength of the company as a whole.
How will ways of working evolve to support more remote working? While I still enjoy working for Merck, my feeling of connectedness is not as strong as when we were all in the office.
When the pandemic period will (finally) be over, the way we balance physical / remote workdays should be reviewed. I believe people have valued the flexibility given by new interaction tools (teams / calls / whiteboards etc.) I think we should give people a free choice on where they want to be home based and how many days per week or month they believe they should be physically present at the office (depending on job type obligations of course). The openness of Merck/MSD on this topic can be a competitive advantage to attract talents in the future (vs other pharma companies)
The frequent update of systems and associated operating procedures impede the progress and efficiency of our jobs  as it requires us to constantly relearn the systems.  In addition, new authoring systems, such as REDS, have been associated with technical issues which delay progress until the issues are resolved.
Reduce the use of acronyms used in company communications, especially IT.    Reduce company communications and initiatives that are purely political -- promoting race, gender, diversity, and whatever-other-mindshare-that's-in-vogue-today.  I used to work for the US government, esp. military.  Even they are not as political as Merck.  It's distracting, tiresome, and a reminder that Merck is satisfied with political promotions intended to lead to change that's unmeasurable: "a better world".
I think Merck is headed in the right direction and appreciate the autonomy to conduct my job according to our values and standards and always compliantly. I think if Merck stays steadfast in our direction we will pull out of the “slump” we are currently in and employees will drive the company back to success! We tend to make too many course corrections in the sales force to meet short term goals and that does not provide for long term success IMHO.
Focus on creating and supplying safe, effective, and innovative pharmaceuticals, and stay out of unrelated political discussions.
Merck is generally a great place to work. Some areas where the company could improve is ensuring all areas of the business are thoroughly vetted before sending down process improvements. The smaller Merck sites are often overlooked and are not even stabilized before they are asked to implement improvements. It negatively impacts the site which does not always have the resources to support improvements and run the business. There also seems to be a lot of nepotism within the company and if you are not a "favored" person, regardless of your skills and abilities, you will be overlooked and underappreciated and not given opportunities to learn and grow with the company. In areas where there is a lot of pharma competition, this causes Merck to lose some of it's most incredible talent. Work/Life balance is another area for improvement. While Merck's heart is in the right place, there is incongruity in words and actions. Merck can be the best place to work w more focus on people & retention.
Merck is a wonderful, great place to work. To make it even better, Merck should continue to invest in new and innovative technologies. Merck should continue to invest and develop in their people (development opportunities, training, promotions, etc.)
Empower and Inspire in action not just in words.  The company is being ran by compliance, not by the business or customer or the patient.  When recommendations come in from our customers needs, by the time it is "scrubbed by the companies compliance" the request looks nothing like what the customers needed, not to mention it takes so long to get through Merck, a competitor has already resolved the need (BMS survivorship, patient journey, provider education).  Oncology is the primary driver of revenue and innovation.  When I was hired, the oncology organization had an entrepreneurial feel (empowered, get-things done for the customer, urgency), not now.  Slow moving, follow the herd in oncology...in commercial.
reconsider - more opportunities for employees to work from home who are HQ based employees.  there is a sense of fear of going into a space that someone else occupied the day before.  No matter the cleaning protocols set in place, it is still a factor is many minds, esp. mine.  i work with many colleagues who are home-based but HQ employees.  With the current situation, who knows when it will end, the safety place for someone is to be home-based.  The work is being completed on time or better than if a person has to go into the Merck Location.
Offer retirement packages to employees 55 years old and older to make room for new to career employees.
I just recently switched jobs and I feel as though the leadership in my new position is 100x better than my old position. I think Merck still has many leaders that micromanage the business and don't utilize ways of working. I continue to see these individuals rise in the ranks at Merck and it's very unsettling that leadership continues to promote people who don't demonstrate the core values that Merck preaches.
Merck has done an AMAZING job supporting employees during this very difficult time, to say I am proud of this company would be an understatement.  Merck should continue to look at the adjustments we have made, whether it was working from home, condensed work weeks and flex time, and consider these for long term.  As employees, I feel we delivered for the company as well and proved we can excel no matter what we face.
Recruit more entry-level talent and invest in keeping them here.
continue to provide flexible work arrangements.  capitalize on the learnings we have achieved during the pandemic
Successfully boost organon
I believe that during pandemic not all colleagues has the same access to the same resources or adequate spaces to perform their work, it would be great to have some program for orientation about how to create a good place to work at home.
I believe that upper management needs to be better in touch with the field.  We receive field suggestions, every brand is important, and unattainable objective during a pandemic.  Also, please keep us in the field - no more working from home.
Company-wide initiative to block out time that we should avoid having meetings during such as lunchtime. Make summer hours be ALL year long.
1) Deliver on the company's D&I initiatives and continue the company's recent history of speaking out on social issues of equality and human dignity.. 2) Work in partnership with policy leaders to achieve agreements that support continued innovation and drug pricing alignment.  3) Get out of our own way (empower our people, reduce hierarchical decision making, etc.)
More resources for training new employees.
I do not get enough support and help from my manager.  Manager should help his/her team members to grow. The promotion of team member should be one indicator to evaluate managers. The promotion could be in the team or out of the team. Feels like the current Merck culture does not encourage internal jobs transfer.
Continue to knock down silos, even within groups.  Build trust by allowing decisions to be made lower in the organization.
Stop exaggerating social justice as the only important priority.  Treat all employees with respect and dignity.
Offer more solutions to work-life balance and translate this to a result and not just a discussion.
Give flexibility to their employees
Offer more competitive salaries in order to recruit and retain high performing talent.
Merck has to invest on their people, this is the only company I have worked for where there is no funds allocated in our budgets for social interactions such as team building activities. We are majorly lacking the social aspect of the company.  Also, Canada did a Pay Equity assessment and by doing so revised the vacation policy, but the employees were not notified of this change. When the pay equity assessment was presented to the employees we were told that the vacation entitlement  was not part of the pay equity assessment. However some wording and aspects of vacation entitlement was revised  in the new version of the vacation policy dated January 1, 2021 to be more inclusive to all employees. This meant a very small number of individuals would have to stay on the old conditions where as new employees with equal titles and equal amount of experience would receive 1 extra week of vacation. In my opinion when a change is made it has to be transparent and equal to everyone.
Focus on our pipeline and strategic partnerships to ensure the long-term viability of Merck. Focus on helping advance pharma's public perception to ensure people will accept our medicines to improve health outcomes.  Avoid getting caught up in the problems being advanced outside of the company by social media keyboard cowboys and focus on how our medicines help society.
Truly focus on talent development and retention
wrap up the MAHI/Antelliq purchase as fast as possible ... don't drag out or delay. Same w other integrations. Be fair but fast.
Understand the talent you have within the organization
Reimbursement for health activities like yoga or CrossFit would help from a stress management perspective   Allow vaccinated field based employees to determine what safety measures are needed when interacting with customers. Put these decisions at the territory or manager level. Waive the re entry tracker for vaccinated field based employees.
Simplify, simplify, simplify. Especially governance. And be transparent about the big decisions. Only recently has Ken Frazier on his farewell rounds be open about companies risks (if we didn't buy S-P Merck would have been sold_ and his leadership teams personal failures (i.e. Roger P/Roy Baynes betting on the two failed vaccines, and one failed therapeutic in Covid-19). Never before, and I mean never before have I seen a leader take this kind of accountability and transparency at Merck. It's much easier on the way out but I will be evaluating Rob Davis, and the leaders in HH /MRL/MMD about this transparency or lack thereof.
Priority has always been to deliver on our mission but this can be at the expense of people's well being, mental and physical health especially given the current environment. Please work to continue to find ways ( block Friday afternoon from meeting, wellness day for all ) to help support employees.
Improve replacement time of employees who have transferred/retired to minimize the amount of overtime employees are forced to work in order to cover vacancies.
Continue to Improve our systems that we work with everyday
Easier ways of giving opportunities to the people, sometimes can be confusing
Get us back into the office with our colleagues as soon as safely possible.
Retain high-performing employees by providing more opportunities for stretch objectives/development
The main thing Merck could do to improve our workplace is to provide more incentive for doing well; such as the availability of promotions based on actions, rather than waiting for openings from people leaving.
Continue to make innovative products and engage in collaboration with companies , people believe in Democratic values!!.
We don't have enough people on our team to complete our investigations and projects.
work more efficiently, be less risk averse to new technology, hire more people to do the work if not able to work more efficiently
While I feel that my area has balanced my work/life needs well, I know employees in other areas where that is not the case. Merck needs to insure equitable application of it's policies and guidances across the company.
MSD can continue to increase communication.
My Role is at site support level and I constantly work with other sites and global chapter owner. Sometimes I think we are not bringing enough training (specific to Quality chapter) to nurture creativity and stay with current development in the field.
Continue to support flexible work arrangements (including remote working when appropriate) in the post pandemic state
Become a place to work instead of a social outlet. Our CEO uses his position to further his personal social agenda. I feel that a company is in business for a specific purpose and should stick to that purpose and not try to sway or offer opinions in political matters. We are her to serve the people, all of the people not one group or another. It's not our place to alienate any perceived group or groups. We are here to make medicine and  and serve the people. "We try never to forget that medicine is for the people. Its' not for profit." The profits will come! George Merck.
Attract talents  More investments and strategic alliances to expand future pipeline
Get rid of email as the primary communication tool.  Reduce the total number of communication tools supported (email, MS teams, yammer, spark, in-scope, sharepoint, on and on and on) - information overload.
First of all, I think Merck is an excellent company to work for and I am happy with the empowerment provided to employees. That said, I think there should have been more consideration of the impact of COVID on employees and the fact that the majority of people I work with, as well as myself, have been doing double the work to create and stand-up an entirely new company. Neither of those two factors were included in the 2020 scorecard calculations and it seems to have led to a disconnected feeling amongst many of my colleagues and leadership. A lot of people have been working their tails off and to see the company make more in 2020 than the previous year and then get told they're going to get 89% of their expected bonus was not well received by the people on the front line.
listen to suggestions and potential enhancements to processes and be flexible when applicable
Make a very concerted effort toward simplification to manage workload and drive efficiency
Offer a formal work from home option after 1+ year of working away from the office - employees may have had their lives adjusted drastically and the flexibility this brings to them is invaluable.  Remove layers and traditional organizational hierarchy where possible to make things more efficient, faster and bring a sense of greater connection to the leaders who are setting the vision and strategy to deliver on our mission.
Uncomplicated processes and logistics, it’s still difficult to get things done at Merck, takes too long to find information, our websites are too convoluted and layered, too many different websites, place information on one system and one page, our customer data base and our expense system is too layered, non intuitive, difficult to get the work done...waste a tremendous amount of time, creates frustration
Merck and MSD are currently doing a great job in keeping everyone informed and included with all that is going on in the world and the company.  I just say continue what we are doing!!
Ensure clarity in expectations.
Continue to evaluate and look for products to compliment our pipeline.
Ensure the well being of your employee is take care care and encourage the culture and sense of belonging will eventually make the company great place to work
Provide not only instruction of how to work but also adequate rationale explaining existing requirements (why we should work in that way). Provide not only trainings as presentations, slides, but also workshops. Allocate adequate workload in terms of studies and sites quantity and taking into account employee participation in extra initiatives. To make sure that not only CRAs (subordinates) are aware with regards to existing SOPs, Job Aid, but also their managers (since it is often happens that CRMs who had no previous experience at MSD as a CRA are not fully aware about MSD-requirements in terms of SOPs, Job Aids, so cannot provide adequate management).
Incentive scheme by month, instead of by quarter.
Add new products in our MSD Group
To introduce new product & the new indication of the existing product at earliest for the Indian Business.
Needs to change the work culture in the organisation.
HCP List maintenance is a huge task. Especially addition and deletion cumbersome and never get updated even after several process.   The process is very complicated which never matches the simple process adopted by other companies in the industry   Customer engagement process is too complicated that leads to lot of confusion because of over interference  of auto systems. Also the engagement protocol are too rigid unlike other companies in  the industry
MSD has the best workplace environment in the industry. It should keep doing the same.
For our processes and systems to be agile like veeva approvals etc
Simplify the processes. Inhance the use of Digital solutions and AI.
Keep pressing and increasing environmental sustainability goals
The resourcing provided does not match the workload.
Equip with various support to Reach out Customers
More transparent on company development and people movement. The announcement should be provide on timely basis and simultaneously when they are related.   When we are saying we want to be the company leading the industry but when we are talking on employee benefit then we are only targeting at the average. Without a industry leading remuneration package how to attract talent that can help to achieve our vision to be the market leader.
Giving opportunity to grow within organization will help retain talent - right level of support to enhance skillset will help improve employee productivity and performance, which i do see currently need improvement.
- greater alignment of values from global HQ to local subsidiaries - more opportunities for local talents in smaller markets
extra holidays for shift workers and another shift options.
New products
Launch some new products
Take advantage of technologies to take place of what was previously done in person (on the job site) for the future.  Working remotely is a tremendous cost savings for the company/employer and also the employee.
For personnel WFH - provisions to allow for equipment for an ergonomic work set up e.g. an office chair.  Allow flexible working arrangements and continued options to WFH  Introduce the option to purchase annual leave days and opportunities for leave of absence rather than people feeling they have to leave if they want to for example take time out to travel.  More emphasis on furthering education and providing opportunities to people who wish to do so
I think there should be more people of color in the maintenance department.
Continue on the current path.
Continue to actively sponsor/support flexibility, even after the COVID crisis passes.  Last fall I was in a virtual conference and people were asked to rate our company's response - I was so pleased to rate the company as 10/10 after some thought.  The future Ways of Working will need to remember the ability we had to adapt as needed!
Continue to be as corporately transparent as possible.  Also, remember that diversity and inclusion should be thought of for everyone and every department from the EVP to the Associate I.
Continue to bring new young people into the work place and embrace new technologies.
listen and respond: we tell people to speak up, but we don't always respond to them (they then stop participating if they feel they are unheard)  back up our values: we tell people that work/life balance matters, for example - and then when we see people overworked we don't truly fix that.  If people are always working nights and weekends, then we haven't 'taken work out of the system' as we claim that we have.
I think company is going good way now, Would be good to increase the portfolio in the future.
We still work to much in silo's (all global support functions are pushing work to the business)
Continue to offer a work life balance schedule that will allow non essential employees the opportunity to have flexible schedules and be able to continue doing work.  This pandemic has proven that sitting in an office 8 hours a day 5 days a week is not necessary to excel in getting work done.   Also encouraging management to have the uncomfortable conversations dealing with injustices that are plaguing individuals in the organization to show support for those individuals on their team.   Ensuring that equal pay and appropriate positions are appropriated across sites.
Hold leaders accountable for ensuring accurate and transparent sharing of information across functions.  Hold accountable those leaders that foster an environment where bullying and intimidation of others with differing points of view is the accepted way of working.
MSD should work on R & D and bring more innovative products and focus on increasing their Bussiness, rather than focusing on Job cuts and threatening employees about the layoff.   Should have to concentrate more on employees work life balance.
Be transparent about what’s going on.  In the field, we have so many vacancies and many OSR’s are covering multiple tumors with very little acknowledgment.  Why are we losing people? What can we do to attract and retain talent?
Focus more on the business and less on allowing political views/opinions influence our and others perceptions of the company.
The  managers at the local and regional level should be as sensitive as global /HQ leaders , Mangers should be leaders . I have seen that starts at Executive Director level , below this level Managers are only Managers and leaders. Company should invest in Associate Director level to build leaders - even if it requires training courses .
Continue to support their People Leads.
Nothing specific
Merck needs to do more to retain talent. Need to promote work life balance for employee well being
Ensure adequate compensation to everyone in the company and showing the people that we are competitive in Merck and MSD and we care for our people.
Adopt the Agile mindset across the company. Not just doing Agile, but truly being Agile - in mindset and behavior - across departments and leaderships.
Let’s stop sticking our nose in politics, social injustice and defunding the police and start focusing on how we connect to our customers and SELL to meet the objectives and stakeholder goals. How about treat us to lunch once in a while since we are no longer able to eat with our customers and many of us are on single salaries due to spouses being laid off. Stop letting managers and CTLS question and belittle reps for not getting the vaccine! We will make educated decisions on our own. Diversity and Inclusion needs to feature diverse thoughts and backgrounds and perspectives and be inclusive . Right now there are many D/I points who are scared to share their true perspectives for fear of retaliation, limiting of career progression and financial consequence. GO back to having us align to Merck vision statement and not one  myopic view on the world. Let’s stop having so many conference calls that you cant get work done!  SO frustrating to work here.
Allow new hires to NOT relocate close to a Merck site (even when things may go back to more normal).  Other companies have been doing so, some for a long time, which puts us at a disadvantage when recruiting.  Fight +++ current tendency to multiply meetings and schedule them outside of regular business hours (challenging for parents).     Reassess salaries against truly meaningful benchmarks (e.g., large pharma companies).  Our salary ranges are not attractive and result in losing lots of valuable candidates when recruiting.  This is huge waste of opportunities and also of our time.  Not to mention the disappointment.    Walk the talk about being open to innovation and new ideas.  Merck is still way too conservative, especially with respect to innovative methods or study designs.  There is still only one model for clinical development and it does not leave enough room for innovative options more inclusive of real-world data and approaches.  Again Merck tends to be behind on this.
Continue to simplify business processes (focus on what is core) for increased speed of new product launch for patients Harmonize IT systems across research and manufacturing for enhanced knowledge management Continue to streamline Governances to become more end to end focused, and encourage leaders to champion from 'Silos to Network' as a mindset
I don't know if this is too infeasible of a request, but I don't think the company values the opinions of people at lower levels when making plans.  My department is experiencing tremendous strain due to demands coming from above.  If it's what we need to do, we'll try our darndest to do it.  Upper management doesn't seem to care about that though.  They're telling us what they want but not doing anything to help us.  The way it's received is, "Here's what I want, so just do it."
The future of this company is closing in the next year. It is nothing that is necessary for this site.
Focus on expanding its product based
Adding head count to areas under staffed.
Customer Focus
I feel most concerned about my immediate team culture. Our manager needs more coaching on how to bring people together as a cohesive team.
Be more open to looking at positions that are field based for employees that want to continue to grow in the company but are unable to relocate. Really embrace new ways of working
continue to be inclusive
Establish clear goals expressed in clear, plain English. More benchmarking to ensure competitiveness. The mission must always be moral and have a sense of purpose. Best-in-class information infrastructure - avoid repeat of 2017. Established back-up plans and business continuity plans - brainstorm worst-case disasters.
Need to embrace Rob’s one Merck vision and stop rewarding behaviours that work the other way around, ie self first. Divisional structure and cultures are prehistoric
competitive wage for those already internal to the company..
Fully utilize the latest technology to improve overall productivity.
Continue the remote work model as productivity and flexibility is higher with this approach.
Diversity in every level of our global company!
It is harder to balance work and personal life in home office.  Responses are requested at speed so not easy to remove barriers that slow down our work when burocracy is still so high.  Hire more people in overworked departments, stronger energy to make proceses work at  the speed this era is needing.
1. The company has too many silos, too many departments - which leads to complexity.  Departments create work and hurdles.  Span of control is too limited. Merck should be taking steps to eliminate departments, & cut functions.   For example - Patient Engagement - combine with another function and merge work.  Social Business Innovation Functions people are not needed in each region, policy should focus headcount on gov't facing positions - not administrative tasks. 2.  The corporate communications group (of global communications) would benefit from strong, experienced, motivating leadership.  While Jan Nissen is a lovely person, she has NO experience in Communications - & cannot lead, train or guide a Fortune 500 corporate communications team. 3. Better focus top projects.  Gerberding not aligned with the business.  Her teams are working on projects that have little value to the company - but may be personally important to her.  "
Through research, it appears as though high performers are being compensated much less than the market rate. In addition to looking at job responsibilities, ensure to review skills and experience brought by employee to the role. It is unfulfilling to balance work/life with work not slowing down and still be expected have to manage personal life, and ensure our mental healthy & safety are ok.
New brands for CVM team
Keep doing what there doing, maintain the culture. Keep looking after the employees and putting patients first.
Listen to employees a bit more.
Stay on course
New products to introduce that increase business and maintain sustainability
Short trainings, Focus on Personal development ,
Take care of the employees working in the factories instead of all the focus on employees working remotely.
Introduce new research vaccines in Indian also increase number of sales head counts so that reach will be more then PCPM will increase further.increase daily allowance as per inflation rate
Remembering that West Point is a 24/7 operation and having support available on off-shifts and weekends. Hold people accountable at all levels. Have difficult conversations with people who aren't doing their jobs. Improve communication. Improve training. Improve hiring and staffing and scheduling and preparing for the future to avoid forced overtime. Short term sacrifices for long term gains. Remembering the principles of inclusion. Incentivize people to stay in their position for longer so there is less turnover. A manager should not be an entry-level job offered to an over-qualified individual who is going to use the position as a stepping stone.
Forget about following the politics and social trends of the current day. Remember what we are here for. It doesn't matter who's running the country, or what color a persons skin is. It doesn't matter if what their personal life choices are, or even what ideals they stand for. We make medicine for everyone. Lets spend our time making medicine and developing new medicines, not worrying about following along with the latest 'fad' of the outside world.
Trust that the people here are good and don't need to be told what or how to think.
make employees feel appreciated and treated the same as their industry peers
Act swiftly and genuinely when it comes to social issues and racial injustice Simplify - there are too many "initiatives" that compete against other, similar ones - innovation, digitization/digital strategy, culture, DI&E, etc.
Register new medication in the market to support and secure sales, due to market dynamics
better benefits (increase company 401k match, lower health insurance costs, increase LIVEIT annual award amount) to complete with other companies. the newer items like lyra health, tuition increase program make a difference in terms of satisfaction with benefits. increase diversity and inclusion focus throughout all levels of the company - people need to prioritize it in the way that they do data integrity etc. increasing transparency about merck's D&I data as it relates to career progression and salary.
Ensuring everyone is respectful of the difference in timezone around the globe when setting up webex meetings and each region to have a balance and fair share of evenly distributed morning and night meetings.
1) As we all know that Merck & MSD is a great place to work; but during this pandemic situation job security is very important. So my request to company is that don't cut people jobs. 2) Empowering people will play vial role to make company great place to work and deliver our mission 3) Ensure appreciation of good work  4) Avoid Politics 5) Give importance to innovative ideas 6) Honest and unbiased leadership 7) Help employee in developing management skills
Promoting D&I and being transparent on the results.
offer more part-time positions or job-sharing positions
Keep all company activities, translated to value chain toward patient benefit, as in George Merck's Quote.
More considerate on a relativity of how things get done in the industry.  try to evaluate a reality between risk and practicality. Stop enforcing one side fit all policy without a good understanding of local market context. Zero risk tolerance often time holds us back. Focus more on local development.
Increase promotion opportunities within the same role (e.g. from specialist to sr. specialist).
Create more space for networking between regions and share best practices.
Need to provide more external trainings or sessions only then team can know what’s really happening outside the world else we presume whatever we do as part of our job are perfect
Keep on actively supporting the people working in the company - this will lead in loyal employees that support the company in return.  People make the company! There needs to be more platforms / surveys to include the management of managers / managers of other support functions - thus the culture and health of the company.  There are currently no such platform to evaluate support of managers in their supporting roles = GM's / BUM's / SM's / PM's / Tech Managers.  These people are playing vital roles and the management need to be aware of any needs / - without the fear of being victimized.
Mission: Understand that providing patient care isn't only about the drug, but also about the service, ease of use, diagnostics etc. We need to start embracing these other disciplines and deliver the entire package to patients. Great place to work: Important to be competitive in terms of salary, titles, Post-COVID benefit policies etc.
can be more creative and speed up the degitalization process, move people around in the company so that they can develop and add value back to the company
Let management be transparent.  Currently all information is only available on an as needed basis if it already gets share. I am constantly lacking information that I should recieve.
We need to continue to strive to show support for working families with not only our words but with our actions to enable people to feel satisfied and accomplished at work but also that they can disconnect at nights and weekends for their personal lives. We need to be aware of the pace of change and focus on truly what is needed to drive the business forward with efficiencies to support local sites to be successful to provide quality product to our customers at low cost.
The company is doing an excellent job to work and deliver on our mission
hire more employees so the current ones aren't over loaded
Merck is top heavy  too many people are in management /senior/executive management
Training on new systems is definately one place to start. New systems are being brought in and personnel do not have adequate training.  Acknowledgement for colleagues is another. Now there are several ways that this acknowledgement can be shown and the Inspire programme is very much appreciated by personnel. But what I am referring to, is colleagues who leave MSD having worked with the company for many years.Prior to Covid 19 these people were acknowledged publicly on the site email system.There have been colleagues who have left in the past year who have been with the company in excess of 30 years and we weren't even aware of them leaving.I think this is very sad for these individuals who have contributed so much over the years.I know it isnt intentional but it is something that should be addressed.
Continue to focus on retaining talent.
Increase transparency around job rotation opportunities for those interested (including availability, timing, suggested prerequisite materials, etc. )  Return to core meeting times.  The pandemic has shifted meetings to late in the day which may interfere with child care options/pickups etc.
Focus on more ways to become more efficient. Invest in digital technologies for efficiencies. Better prioritizing work focus than making everything a priority. Invest in people.
Encourage lateral thinking and alternative approaches to problem-solving that aren't bogged down by procedures and standard practices.  Allow people to flourish outside the framework that's been decided we should follow.  Streamline quality systems to eliminate hurdles for process/procedural improvements.
Having Well trained individuals who are willing to share knowledge, Having better management who can lead and assist with development and growth, Programs to enhance lab practices and understanding of one's job duties, Having more in-depth programs and seminars aiding in mental health, Reassurance from SLT and management about having a safe place to come work when it comes to racial injustices, discrimination, and Bias.   Celebrating more African American Culture, being able to speak up without it being a constant back and forth. Assisting parents with children with more options for work for an example: flexible work arrangements.
Need to diversify the pipe line more to be less dependent on Keytruda for profits. Senior leaders should not be so quick to share thier political views with all employees. While diversity is a very much supported in this company, I feel there is not enough emphasis on preventing age discrimination. It should be emphasized that people who choose to, and are able to, work into thier mid- sixties can be just as productive as younger people and should be provided the same opportunities for advancement.
Need to look at non-exempt positions to make sure everyone is at a fair level based on the job they are doing and can do.  Need to look at the AAs different.  There is a lot more we can contribute.
People need more time for their lives. Merck should join other companies and innovate in this way. Merck is a strong enough role model in the pharma world that upping our PTO and challenging the standard for hours worked would make waves. Increase PTO, decrease what is considered full time to 32 hours a week.
Continue on the current trajectory.
try to review the reward and recognition program, better equipped to attract talent to fill in vacancies where understaffed,
Ensure the right people are doing the right jobs and that team members are all contributing.
New MD is open and transparent, and accept all kinds of feedback especially the negative ones. Listening to the employee is one of the most important steps
Continue to keep investing into their people and push the boundaries on innovations
1. Look for ways (eg, compensation, training, etc.) to encourage: 1) collaboration over competition*, 2) creativity & innovation over complacency, 3) customer over internal priorities, and 4) true individual ability over internal politics in HR decisions. * Develop a culture that appreciates the similarities and takes advantage of the differences.
Provide training for administrative staff
We are on the path doing great things worldwide.
More focused on customer needs, explore customer satisfaction with on-line engagement, actively involved in helping community where we live and operate
Team building
stay open
The only comment I would make since I love almost everything about working for Merck is that the re-orgs can make me feel stressed about job security at times.  There is so much change going on in the organization which is great, but there are times I feel worried that some day my job will be impacted by a re-organization.
Create a training program for managers. Possibly pick a manager with a lot of experience to properly train managers on GMPs, gowning, documentation, authoring SOPs, union handbook summaries (overtime, ADP), cleaning requirements, gaining access to various software, getting safety shoes and locks, review safety points (muster, fire extinguishers, eye wash, safety showers, GEMS coordinator), batch record review, etc.
Would be great to get field-based employees involved in internal/HQ strategy to ensure that goals are applicable to all employees, not just HQ.
To truly value diversity, greater accommodations must be made to allow those who don’t have traditional families to be in positions of power.
Promote healthy eating options further in the canteen.
Keep the MAH Baton Rouge Louisiana Site Open...
No more politicized training.
Take very good care for high performers  Friendly atmosphere at work  Work security
There are opportunities to create more transparency into career development at Merck.  With multiple job functions fitting into the same levels/titles,  it's not clear what needs to be achieved in order to advance and develop.  One example would be a proactive focus from HR business partners on when/how/where opportunities are within a business unit or in an organization.
See comments above related to taking concrete steps for diversity, inclusion, and pay equity.
I feel like Merck has gone above and beyond for their employees to keep everyone healthy and safe.  I know with some of the different tumors we have in oncology, we have lack paper resources to use when in field or leave behind after discussion for our HCPs.
Explain how compliance rules seem to vary between companies, when we all fall under the same Pharma guidelines? It would be so helpful to further engagement with our customers if some of the compliance rules were lifted/re evaluated.
MSD is a great place to work.
Please continue the Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion actions.  The current actions have moved past lip service and have a potential effect on employees work efforts and career trajectories.  In the past most companies and academic entities feel that a few months to 1 year of discussion and no action will bring about a change for 300+ plus years of focused action to disenfranchise populations.  The Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion actions should be permanent to start the reversal of the established disenfranchising actions of the past.  Emphasis on building trust in diverse communities to improve clinical trial enrollment will only provide a benefit to the patient populations, FDA, and data for the clinicians to make the appropriate decisions for patient care.
Continue giving us the resources to adapt in these changing and challenging times  Continue to reassure us that you recognize that we are doing our best because we are
Fast procurement of vaccines and successful vaccination for COVID-19 for all the employees and dependents
continue to remove the barriers which prevent us from being an agile and customer focused company in a highly  competitive environment. If we continue as we are the disrupters will decimate us
Developmental plan for every employee and actively support to achieve the plan Encourage Internal Job rotations
Increase the rigor on Rapid decision making
In MSD it is verify difficult to get the promotion. Although you have much skills and you are doing the jobs for next level it is quite difficult to be promoted. There are lot of internal politics so if you are ready to do the job for next level you still have to perform being in your current position.
Diversity and inclusion ad per what have told repeatedly is not practice that well in this branch of MSD i guess. Promotion and project always goes to those who close with management.
Re-assess equality of career progression across different departments/divisions.  Provide more headspace and opportunities for employee to broaden experiences and skills.  Re-scale compensation of internal employees vs external hiring.
Regional support models of ERP Applications support and SCM Planning are failing. Linkages should be established to measure their contributions towards driving business values. Without this they are nowhere and manufacturing divisions suffer and finding own ways through hard lessons.  Teams without any accountability is a great liability to the company and we should take Organon split as an opportunity to review the Regional support structure, Third party support and Roles & Responsibilities.
MSD leadership need to support Psychological safety environment so that employ one's self without fear of negative consequences of self-image, status or career.
inventing, DD&A applying  and marketing flexiable
Better/Improved way of communication. To move towards a work life balance organisation.
Continue to ask for feedbacks from employees
I am good with what MSD is doing especially on the safety of the employee in this time of pandemic.
To fine tune the existing norms and applying them to those who are not being benefitted with existing norms
Work together and famlier behaviour with colleagues
Good training about products.and update the knowledge
Could cooperation well between  the medical and commercial team. I know in the police we couldn’t know what they do before indication be approved. I just want to know how to follow in next step(when indications been approved).
Good facility to work in office and work at home.
Grateful for all that the company provides especially not compromising a thing this pandemic. Everybody adjusts with all that this challenging times come with, and a personal touch from our managers can also uplift our morale. Stability of our stocks would be of great help into reaching our patients the treatment they deserve. Time boundaries at work should also be set to deliver more quality and productive outputs.
Remove the politics > Rethink the organisational hierarchy, Remove massive responsibility overlaps (IT perspective). Take more responsibility for IT solutions. Don't be afraid to lead the industry (IT perspective). Create bold strategies and visions (not just talk, but real leadership behind vision)
Promoting a inclusive and empower work culture environment. looking deeper into dept roles and it will be great to have a mix of new blood instead of majority of more than 15,20 years individual that is resistant to change for the better or accept new ideas or way of doing things.
To review current processes and to align with the company directions. Alot of processes are outdated and not able to meet to business requirement.
Merck and MSD did a great milestone in this mission before by hearing from the employees and I believe if there is a bigger space for that, it will help. Giving the employees the ownership will be very beneficial.
Supply enough resources (manpower) or reduce workload
maybe the Leadership team can further reinforce and encourage open communication
I hope There Will be more possibilitys to see my colleges live instead of digital.
Don't restrict tools, programs and frameworks out of 'fear' but with responsibility
MSD leaders should be more open to ideas from other team members. They should better empower the young generation. The young generation should feel that their views and ideas are also valued and they, as a person, being considered as a team member/colleague by the LT members.
Keep focusing on diversity, inclusion and encouraging flexibility, work-life balance and well-being.
willing to make a decision, and improve the cross function team work.
Merck & MSD needs to connect employees to the global and local processes in the pharma world. Trends, changes and goals of the company for the coming years
1. Maybe can consider to Include self-assessment and evaluation in AIP 2. Organize departmental function or appreciation activity once a month
To help workers to balance professional and personal life, sometimes the burden of extra work is really high and the work-life balance results complicated.
The current role of a production employee is currently not  secure and people feel scared with MacKinzie coming. Improve communication within the whole compagny.
Full free teleworking. More diversity & inclusion visible in the organization. More solid and genuine work/life balance policies (make real changes).
Listen to the people. Not only the management, but to the ground people as well. Management not always right.
focus on the who as well as the what and how
Firstly , please allow the sales force flexibility in contacting our Drs and to please allow flexibility in setting KPIs regarding SIP is , telephone calls, text messages ,and REEs  should be included as opposed to being measured on High Expected numbers of Veeva Engage
Continue to focus on cost saving to deliver value for our patients and customers as well as sustain the  competitiveness of the business for its long term future.
take a lead role in devoloping a shift rotation that acknowledges the negative impact shift work has on the health of its employees both in the physical and mental wellbeing. current attitude is that if you do shift work you are well compensated through shift premium and time away from the business. This line of thinking is from a bygone age and needs to be updated. supports such as advice on sleep patters and healthy eating for shift workers only pay lip service to the problem. Votes for employees on equally difficult and unpalletable shift pattern options only serves to alienate an already fed up shift worker population. so solutions need to be innovative. studys show shift workers are 50% more likely to be imapacted by covid -19,when puch came to shove we were able to pivot towards WFH where possible so we should be able to do some blue sky thinking when it comes to shift workers and the impact shift work has on peoples lives.
In my opinion MSD should try to avoid a not necessary bureaucracy and to decrease the amount of reporting systems. Each year we feel that reporting is expanded and a time for the real work is becoming to be very limited because of this bureaucracy and approval processing. Several pathways may be simplified, some processes could be automatized. In today’s situation I feel a big challenge to balance my work and family life. I’ll be happy to spell more time with my family and to spend my work time  on really important projects and not on reporting and administration.
Ensure that we don't underestimate or undervalue the knowledge & experience of our staff/contractors. It's the contributions of key people at key times that ensures continued success.
Find a way to process innovative and new projects faster to meet the needs of our stakeholders and customers
Provide IT solutions with guidance; everybody can choose to use them differently, which results in very inefficient use when working on multiple projects Improve resource management; we have no overall planning, hence it;s unclear what we can/need to spend time on; No priorities are set, as it is unclear where bottlenecks are
Making sure department managers do not play politics with safety and compliance. By politics I mean having a manager more worry about protecting how people will perceived them because taking a non popular decision or compromising on how we manage safety or compliance issues because they don't want to hurt feelings of managers in other departments (Having a leader or leaders more worry about their calibration or how they are perceived by other people is dangerous).  Also, when a managers in different departments are more worry about managing budget all year around sends the wrong message of what its our mission. Budget is just one thing but should not be are absolute focus throughout the year.
Needs to re-address the resources and expectations of work/life. We are being given tools/advise (which is appreciated) on the how best to navigate and handle the current situations of workload but there is no improvement or seem to be an end goal.  I can visibly see colleagues (and recognize myself) struggling to maintain this. Appreciate we are needing to work out how to manage this better but we are not looking at the route cause. Concerns for longer term - this is not going to result in a motivated/energized/productive workforce.   The people at MSD are what make it a great place to work.
to increase compensation to match our efforts and increase employees' benefits such as flexi amount
Look into packages paid by other pharma companies in the market
Becoming carbon negative and ensuring our suppliers and industry partners do the same - let's set the bar high. Using our data driven technologies in AH, how can we innovate to limit the negative impacts of agriculture on biodiversity and ensure sustainable and regenerative food production for the worlds ever growing population.
Keep focus on patients, products portfolio and well being of employees in MSD
The company always talks about strategy and corporate culture, but appears to be doing very little to actually enforce it. As long as people just nod along in meetings and trainings, they are free to do the exact opposite, without having to fear any repercussions. This primarily creates a culture of dishonesty.
MSD is a great place to work but there is a certain level of stress - I find it difficult to balance my personal development with actual work and find that the personal development always takes a back seat.  I find that switching off is very difficult and find myself working later so as not to disappoint anyone. I think a company wide 'no meetings on Friday' would really be beneficial - I have tried to implement this but feel that it is not working as everyone books Fridays as there is space in my calendar!
Better work life balance
Improve communication channels and accountability
Continued look at staffing (sufficient/insufficient) to ensure teams are resourced for success
Dare to take more measured risk, think out of box, global vision/view rather than heavily US centred, equal opportunities for people out of US
More resources invested into digital content especially for MSD connect if MSD wants the platform to be a valued resource for HCPs as at the moment I do not think there is sufficient valuable content to attract professionals to the site.
Be clear on the impacts that Brexit and the moving of production to Europe will have on our future in the UK. The current "everything is fine" message conflicts with the fact that Milton Keynes (uk) products are to be produced in Krems and Salamanca
I feel MSD is a great place to work and I have the flexibility that I need. I would like to remain working from home while my children are small.
Reduce the amount of information being shared and training to be completed. There is currently too many less relevant emails, postings, messages, initiatives and training to be completed (at least for me) which takes much time and disturbs my work. I'm overwhelmed by information.
Ensure the flexibility provided and required by both the company and employees to manage work and home life through the Covid19 pandemic is not removed/taken away or forgotten about once life starts to return to normal.   The company should work to allow more flexible work arrangements to retain working parents, increased access to shorter working weeks and allow for cover to enable these arrangements.
In view of the world we now live in and being in virtual contact with colleagues but still getting work done despite all the challenges of balancing family life. I think MSD should consider employees with families and dependants without sounding prejudice but encouraging them to be autonomous with their time and commitment to work without compromising on the quality of their work but encouraging and empowering them to work with a reasonable autonomy on the diaries and take some downtime to re-focus with full remote working being an option for many that will want to take the opportunity to keep what has now been a norm of balancing work and personal life within the same time period having adjusted to this way of working for a long period.
They are doing great job
Coming to office should be only on need to come basis and not a daily requirement
Due to Merck and MSD processes, projects have not been delivered on time and additional costs have been acquired on behalf of Merck and MSD. Merck and MSD should focus on how we can avoid this going forward, and find more agile working solutions.
Ensure that managers are doing 1:1s with their employees on a regular, consistent basis to build a culture of trust to enable people to feel safe to speak up which will also ensure people feel valued and heard.
Continue to develop new product that will help to answer the need/s of the market/industry and will benefit the producer to consumer level. Continuous support on all people behind the Merck and MSD
Better adjust compensation to market Compensate employees for using their personal hime broadband and equipment for working from home
Continue to invest in Talent development.  Set tangible leadership direction as part of our company wide trasnformation.  Continue to monitor and influence the culture in the company to ensure positive growth for the people and the company.
Identify areas within each area where there is an opportunity for optimization, streamlining, simplifying and increased networking
To treat employees on the same job position across the globe equally taking into consideration job description, and its complexity and accomplishments and not on the basis of sales that has been made by the market where the employee works.
Consider reviewing the no compassionate access policy particularly for our Oncology treatments especially in indications where we have lost NICE Cancer Drugs Fund access e.g. 2L AUC.
Simplify business processes.There are to many systems to control other systems which must be completed, our work ends up being to filling systems to simplify the work of others people and this doesn't benefit the own work, In fact, remains little time to perform the tasks of the position.
I have done a lot the past year to go above and beyond my current role and pay grade. When reviews came around, I was told how great of a job I did and how I excelled both in my daily work and outside of my normal tasks. This however, was met with no promotion or recognition outside of my review. I feel in-line promotions keep employees happy and working harder. More employees are willing to go above and beyond if they know their work will be recognized more with either a promotion or some sort of recognition (if a promotion is not deemed necessary/too early for promotion in current role). I was very discouraged this year when I didn't get a promotion, but was doing '2 pay grades above me' type work and dealing with global level issues. I am one of the only people in my daily job to be at such a low role, yet in such important and high visibility meetings. I am not in a rotational program, so nothing should be holding my manager back from giving me the promotion I feel I deserve.
Take more proactive steps to make the business more environmentally sustainable. Be more open to change.
We continue to exploit our employees' commitment to our mission to the detriment of their health and wellbeing.  This is unsustainable and unfair.  Of course we need to drive bottom line growth but resource capacity is at breaking point and is creating pressure that I fear is becoming a mental health timebomb.  I wish I had a solution but somehow we need to find a way to build more capacity into our workforce.
I would urge leadership to consider Merck's reputation (I believe they do that) and the reputation of the pharmaceutical industry in general. Merck is unique among pharmaceutical companies. And there's only so much we can do. But DTC advertising is REALLY bad for our industry. People hate us, and DTC advertising is part of the reason. It's the hardest part of my job - sitting through endless drug adds on TV every time I want to watch something. Consider that fact. That's the hardest part of my job, and the aspect that most makes me consider a different career. Perhaps Merck could make an effort to differentiate itself. Take a stand the way Ken has on some other issues. "As a company, we feel DTC advertising does more harm than good. That's why we as a company have chosen to forego this advertising and spend that money reaching out to patients in other ways and funding R&D. Even if this costs us profits, we feel it's the right thing to do. At Merck, patients come before profits."
to promote equal opportunity to all - including minority groups and aged individuals
Merck should understand that the world is changing and there is a need to be more flexible with how we work, which has become extremely apparent as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.  It will be important to support people and be cognizant challenges they are facing outside of work if we want to retain key talent.
Continue to ensure that the value of our people resources is maintained.
Continue to transform process and remove roadblocks.  Identify root cause issues and do not implement quick fixes to resolve problems
It would be great focusing on retaining the talents in the company while continuing new recruitments.
Still too much complexity . Need to be much more focused on eliminating complexity and waste which would free up resources, enable improved compliance, improve employee experience  and deliver value for customers
More inclusive messages, talks and engagements with employees
Work to keep experienced personnel.
Adequately resource the plant - too many people required to over extend themselves daily/on a constant basis. People are required to work beyond what they can comfortably sustain without any scope to react to upset scenarios.
Give the right employee compensation, especially when it comes to yearly increment. Whether the employee's salary has reach the ceiling or not, if the employee deserves to get high increment because of his/her performance, MSD should give that deserving salary increase of the employee.
Improve the compensation system to make sure employees feel fairly valued vs. long-term Merck employees usually are undervalued comparing to external hires and they are penalized for their loyalties.
Keep doing what the company is currently doing. Be sensitive to employees feelings and beliefs in regards to Covid-19. The Merck Culture will need to change as it seems things will not be what they were when we left last year. Even though it will be great to see people, the people you may need to interact with may not be there the same time as yourself. But including folks by WebEx and checking up on each other has always been in the Merck Culture, which I appreciate the most.
Our internal 360 feedback system does not work well, there no transparency and this we need to correctify.  Maybe we should get external consultants to sit in 360 feedback so as to manage the process and prevent bias and one sided feedback. It's not safe to speak up.
Work - life balance and stress have been noted as concerns in previous surveys. The response to address this is to form teams and add more work.  No work is removed or timelines adjusted to support improved balance for employees.
If the company looked at the compensation plan for bonuses in the future it would be great.  Right now the benefits of a new compensation plan don’t make sense with the pandemic. But, if the plan was to improve the payout for top performers to gain a better compensation and plan it would attract and keep top performers from leaving for higher payouts.
Hire for more makers, less project managers. Build more in-house, so that we own the information and are able to build more knowledge, faster
I would embrace more possibilities to act faster in these highly dynamic and changing time, I feel we could be empowered to take more decisions from the bottom.
Have increased team manager input for hiring individuals please.
Reduce the number of political statements made by leadership.
My comments are related to Merck not specific to my department. Be open to new ideas even when they don't seem possible/or relevant at the time - I keep a book of Bright Ideas that I have shared at different Merck workshops - many of which were not taken seriously & rarely has there been follow-up after session.  Here is one idea that I have shared: Dates Shared: 08/2014 & 09/2018 Self Vaccination/Home Vaccination  I'm sure there are policy changes and a lot of work that would go into this type of change but have we explored this , what was the result, are we taking baby steps in this direction?  Telehealth is booming.  Could doctors instruct a person on how to immunize another person?  At a minimum, RotaTeq is liquid couldn't the 2nd dose be given at home by a parent?    I would be comfortable with a family member giving me a vaccine in front of a camera with a doctor present.  During Covid, it would have led to more vaccination & less office visits.  We need be future thinking.
Truly assess management for their actual beliefs in equality through their words and actions.    Anyone can check a box during a training.
Find better ways to handle and/or eliminate redundancy across different areas of the organization.
Allow the option to work from home permanently.
Personally, I like working with data and improving operations/supply chain by analyzing data. Currently Merck data is siloed, and should be more centralized.  Also, in my department we are paying contractors to do visualization work for us, which limits our ability to make business improvements and visualizations if we don't have it in the budget.  My time with GE they had a large incentive to centralize all their data, and the empower employees to find, analyze, and create datasets and visualizations that made significant improvements to the business.  It could be that I don't run in the right circles at Merck, but it seems that data management and knowledge is siloed and not a priority for the business.
Perhaps be more realistic in the size of the pipeline that can be supported without seriously overloading its scientists.  While some level of stress and extra effort is probably to be expected, it is hard to balance work and life when everybody is working at full capacity and we keep bringing in more projects without deprioritizing existing work.  The company encourages employees to take time off for mental well being (which is fantastic), but the pressure of fast moving programs and deadlines don't go away, so sometimes the phrase "make sure you take time off and disconnect" sounds more like lip service than a real possibility. This is particularly true in COVID times when most folks are still WFH and only steps away from their office.  A frequent complaint I hear from my colleagues is "I took a few days off but ended up working right through my vacation time".
Review resource needs as new projects arise.
Provide better and more training resources and more flexibility on better health insurance.
for all divisions to follow the guidance from executive committee regarding WFH after pandemic is over.
Announce return to work schedule.  Live 1S meetings 1Q 2022.
- Reduce silots between departments / therapeutic area - Better projects coordination with lead alignments
Steps I recommend are: 1. continued open communications and transparency (its been great, and creates a sense of comfort) 2. From the recent EBB, There were a number of questions about returning to work.  I suggest that be a topic for the next EBB, and even the divisional townhalls.
Encourage from he top down, that just because this is the way we have always done it, doesn't meant there is not room to transform and make better.
Economic Support Work Stability Perception Low down the workload Provide equipment to work from home
Lead by example by promoting good work-life balance.  Managers too often send emails after hours / on weekends, promoting a culture a poor work/life balance .  Vacation time is too often unused, and should somehow be forced / strongly encouraged in some cases.
1, Keep on with the HR strategies  like: rainbow alliance, NGN,  etc,  Improve access strategies to deliver on our mission
Adapt more creative new ways of working to accommodate continuous changing environment due to pandemic.
MSD is doing a great job on this subject. Maybe more aggressive change management, eliminating the silos and let the flow of information between all areas free (for positions that need data analytics)
Management to provide clear expectations
Continue with efforts to communicate plans to all and keep lines of communication open across the various areas of Merck.
thinking in more benefits to the employees. Update the Inspire tool to be consistent across countries
Keep trying to ensure that a good work/life balance is kept for the wellbeing of the employees and also to keep productivity up. Try to integrate new ways of working which benefit the flexibility of work, whilst still maintaining good quality of work.  Try make things as electronic as possible. Make very clear what goals one should achieve to keep progressing.
Continue to strive for technical excellence and innovation.  Find ways to accelerate the pipeline - allow informed risk, reduce meetings and discussions about possibilities and get more time to generate actual data.
1) leadership development on aspects of keeping a positive/inspiring (fun) aspect of personal connections among our work teams would be welcome.   2) commitment to development and of next level leaders would be important to continue 3) MRL approach to a more capabilities-focus for leadership roles, over credentials-based (MD) requirement would be welcome to the many PhD/PharmD top talent individuals who may leave the company if they don’t see a future in leadership at Merck
Make it clear to the Fisher depot network that we are their CLIENTS, not the other way around. They cause an intense level of stress in almost all CSPMs. We have been dealing with issues with Fisher Germany since before Brexit. Now with Covid, we're in a MUCH worse place. There needs to be real progress with their work or more and more CSPMs will continue to leave Merck.
Maintain, develop, reward and promote talent.  Promote employees who are loyal and been serving the company for long time, not taking them for granted. Stop the culture of who you know but not what you know for promotion  Stop the culture of too many chiefs, but not enough actual bench working employees
It would be helpful to have more longer term guidance on if we'll be returning to work. Even to understand if that decision will not be made until the fall, or if its a 2022 goal. Its an added stress to work life to not have a clear understanding of the future approach.
Remove arbitrary, compliance/legal imposed barriers to meeting customer needs.
Continue to implement MPS strategies at all levels of processes - both from high level right down to the shopfloor. Enable more electronic solutions - build custom software solutions that are first in class (e.g. for electronic logbooks etc.)
Merck has been more than supportive and accommodating during this time of uncertainty.  They should continue to support working from home and make sure that we are all engaged in doing our best for the company.
I appreciate the open forum meetings, but for lab-based staff, limited times and registration can make it difficult to attend.  I think continuing to open up the lines of communication and education on these issues may slowly move the needle to a more inclusive place.
Similar to program governance, the strategic governance needs to be streamlined. Or else the company runs the risk of not making the next and best improvements on time to ensure we remain at the cutting edge of science and technology.
Increase diversity at senior leadership level
We have been effective in creating movement so ppl are challenged in new roles but I think investment in thinking differently, operating differently, equipping with new tools remains limited.  I would love to see every employee have a sense that every year there is new and material growth opportunities.  We try to create those within our teams but I continue to feel the resources available are scarce.
Unseat U.S. Representative Madeleine Dean in Pennsylvania's 4th congressional district and support through our PAC candidates who align to the individual rather than the control of the state. She supported impeaching a president for holding a peaceful rally and has done nothing to investigate the fraud in PA where 26,000 dead people voted or the theft of voting machine USB sticks in Philadelphia. If we're going to be in politics, then let's go all in and align ourselves to liberty, not tyranny.  Otherwise we need to stay out of it and cling to our mission.
Continue to speak up in regarding disparities across multiple lines as the company has done. Allow more opportunities for managers to manage there teams more independently to meet the needs of the individual as well as their team (within company guidelines), e.g. flexible schedules.
on site child care facilities
I feel Merck has done an outstanding job being empathetic to all employees during this challenging time.  I have felt very supported and respected.
Working with many other sites in the network shows how various the processes are in the group. How do we align the correct people with the correct groups to ensure decisions are moving forward efficiently? We have had some excellent project leaders and ineffective ones as we move to expand our technologies. Some project leader basics trainings should be extended to all project leaders in R&D and BTS and a standard project format would be helpful.  I also think we have excellent electronic tools available but need training or quick tips to efficiently use and adapt to the new way of working. I know these are out there and available but the opportunity and time to use them is not prioritized.
Be careful who is selected to be in leadership positions.  There are SERIOUSLY some lower-level managers who have ZERO idea, or knowledge, about the subject matter that their group performs and supports.  It is very disappointing, embarrassing, and a time drain to have to be subjected to the rambling that occurs in place of actual knowledge.  It is evident that this issue exists and continues to not be resolved.  I would even go as far as saying that low-level managers, in this position, are protected/shielded by their managers in order to avoid having to acknowledge this issue.
Allow for remote work indefinitely, allow people to speak their minds without consequences
Consider that the views of all employees are not always consistent with the views of senior leaders. The voice of our company should be representative of all employees-with such a focus on diversity and inclusion, it isn't appropriate for colleagues and/or leadership to push COVID vaccination and/or talk politics at work. There is a time and place for this, and when i go to work, I do not enjoy feeling as though I'm being indoctrinated by others. Merck/MSD should emphasize the importance of maintaining a sense of professionalism at work. Certainly, my colleagues have no reason to know whether I've been vaccinated-and yet people are routinely asking this question. This is not acceptable and should not be encouraged.
Always very grateful with our senior leadership in keeping our jobs and helping us going through a difficult times during the pandemic.
Allowing employees to purchase stock options quarterly.
in some areas (example- Country Regulatory Affairs) we need more resources in medium and small size countries
Serious evaluation across all EDs by collecting feedback from their direct reports and those that report up to them. Recruit more diverse candidates with a high level of EQ especially those with with experience in the domains that they are leading.
Lead from the front to show my commitment to Merck mission with special accent on Diversity and Inclusion.
Greater opportunities for rotations, opportunities to rotate into other groups to expand skill sets.
More work on inclusion and diversity would be useful, I feel we talk the talk but don't walk the walk.
Stay the course.
The the time to really understand how much work employees have to complete and the resources they need.
1) More resources 2) reduce redundancies and non-value added work 3) more training for folks to the core job requirements 4) prioritize deliverables
Continue with the concept of valuing people, social inclusion and always working with safety and quality.
We do a good job of rewarding innovative and high rising people. We don't do a great job of properly compensating people who stay in a department or area and provide a wealth of knowledge, continually giving value back instead of having to be upskilled.
Keep investing even more in R&D so that a robust clinical pipeline does not take away resources from the early discovery space. Require Covid vaccinations to allow for a quicker return to work schedule (offering on site as needed).
Include generational diversity as our goal for 2021 priorities.
More communication about new products and work in the pipeline to give confidence of job security and growth.
Clearly communicate to all employees the goals and direction of each product line / division at the director / manager level. When possible, provide opportunities for employees to "own" their work, instead of just being assigned task.
Encourage medical freedom.
Allow merck employees to work at home if they can. However at the same token, please give some compensation to the employees that are necessary employees (employees that need to be onsite). It is stressful enough as it is with the current time we live in.
Continue to proactively flag areas of opportunities in employees careers, and encourage them to explore and pursue these prospects.
Recognize that the vision for a better, modern, more efficient work place requires the proper time and experienced human resources to achieve the goals.  Many people are over loaded with many different tasks that just keep piling up and take priority and focus off from other things so none of it actually gets done efficiently. Additionally, there are so many people and departments involved with nearly every step of a project, which is wonderful, but that often leads to projects taking much longer than it should.  There are also significant gaps in communication across the board with overlapping projects and sometimes we are only coordinating contractors within the silos of a single step of a single project and that interferes with the progress of another or creates unnecessary stress on the affected department.
Eliminate the silos between the commercial and manufacturing divisions.
More directed instruction for new hires as it relates to certain key applications & processes they must use on a day to day basis (maximo, PO process, SAP, Midas, ProCal, etc.)
sometime too many changes take place in the short time which makes a normal task most challenging.
Our company gets more and more compartmentalized in silos, there is a loss of empowerment of the employees downstream. As consequence some parts of MSD are great places to work and other places are not. We should be inspired by the local leadership team, telling us where our journey is heading and asking us for input how we could achieve this. Yet a road map or goal is missing and we are only told to work more efficiently and if we provide input on how to achieve this, feedback is perceived as inappropriate.
Doing great, overall... Be a pro-active leader in reaching out to minority community and schools to support and cultivate talents...specially black community. Diversity needs to be seen at work place not just in statements.
Work on reunifying departments during pandemic when we are all remote.  Build a sense of morale and culture within my dept.  Benchmark compensation across the industry.
CEO should keep his political opinions to himself. Get off the diversity bandwagon. I do not see an issue at Merck/MSD with this. It only seems to add frustration and separates us even more.
Be at the cutting edge of technology, leveraging it to provide satisfaction for our customers.
Continue to build strong balanced portfolio across biologics, small molecules and vaccines.  Ensure prioritization is done as resources do become limited and we need to ensure we balance and prioritize work effectively across business.
Merck should treat and respect all employees the same. You have some here who take advantage of the system. Other whether their temps or Merck employees trying to make a difference in this work place. If they aren't here to make a difference then Merck needs to get us a team who will make a difference. That also includes coaches. Get everyone on same work schedule and stop having these lines to come in a a certain time where its not having the line supporters coming in at all different times. We are as one so we should work like one!
Back to the basics: "We try never to forget that medicine is for the people. It is not for the profits. The profits follow, and if we have remembered that, they have never failed to appear." - George W. Merck.    BTW - In my mind, "...the people" includes pre-born/unborn children.  Merck for Mothers is a very worthy program; however, they must curtail any funding for abortions.  We cannot save and improve lives while we allow them to be terminated through abortion in all its forms.
1. Make employees feel more recognized. We have all been working very hard during a pandemic not only with our personal lives, but we have found ways to support the covid developments and the Organon split without much hiring... Which means people are really just working harder. Maybe inspire awards could be sent out or something... just any simple way to show the employees that they are valued.  2. Hire more to help control the scope creep of each employee's workload. 3. Improve in-line promotion process or put in place some type of rotational program to help employees gain different perspectives within S&T and get promoted 4. Assign work based on Band level. For example, a P4 should not be replaced by a P1. 5. More strategic hiring plans and more diverse band levels in each group within an organization. It seems like there are some groups with many P1 engineers and then some with pretty much only P3 or P4 engineers. 6. Less of a gap between Site employees and Above-Site employees
Work on empowering employees, striving towards updating the Merck technologies, streamlining the process where no. of touchpoints between departments are reduced.
respect work life boundaries. Under covid things have gotten much worse. Meetings begin at 7 a.m. and often go on well into the night . People expect that since you're not traveling you can be available to work all the time. It's incredibly draining.
continue allowing flexibility (and/or offer additional flexibility) for working mothers/fathers in order to better balance work-life with children (especially young children or children who are still schooling from home). Continue offer support to mothers returning to the workplace after maternity leave.
There is not enough administrative support.  More value should be given to this role as it enables the employee to focus their time on the work they were hired to do--not administrative tasks..
New product portfolio is needed for company Growth and profitability.
Continue the drive for inclusion. Identify priorities and if a project falls outside of those priorities it is evaluated to see if "now" is the right time to execute.
I think Merck is doing a great job
Continue to fortify the future with a digital strategy that weaves together the People, Process, & Systems.  Continue to foster change and understand "the learning curve" requires an investment in time before sustained change can be realized.  Lastly continue to promote leadership that understands the importance of connecting to people where they are at and can balance the demands of a high paced job with resourcing shifts resulting from Organon.
I think there is spotty work already happening - the culture at the “worker bee” level seems to be one of innovation and drive, but the middle management tier seem more focused on their career trajectory to take risks for their team or challenge the status quo.  The more senior leadership are spoon fed platitudes by middle management and don’t seem to really know the real scoop at the rank and file level.
Continue to give support to employees not only in the job, but social and personal aspects, as possible. We are living difficult times and some people are stressed while others are letting out the worst of them. Merck should continue rejecting any kind of discrimination and continue sowing the seed of equality and diversity strongly.
Considering we are working for a fortune 100 company we should be the envy of all employees, We should be making the highest wages at every level. Our health care should be blue chip with no cost to the employee. When you tell people you work for Merck they should be jealous knowing that this company takes the best care of their workers. I think that the wages of upper management should be more in line with the people they have working for them. or spread it around a little more so that everyone will enjoy the fruits of their labor. I think that the workers will appreciate that they are highly valued and will give back to the company and others.
Continued success as a division and a company as a whole.
Continue to develop and recognize key talent.  Provide flexibility for employees to reach a good work/life balance.  Appoint strong leaders that demonstrate respected behaviors and skills.
The support of working parents is so valuable.  I will always work harder for a company that respect and supports my needs to balance my work and life balance.  I guess the only thing that I think would be great is larger financial support for continuing education.
Make sure all voices are heard before critical decisions are made.  For example, new policies (e.g. QMS chapters) should be assessed for impact to current operations and capacity/FTE needs before pushed out to go live. This is critical to ensure that sites can properly manage the changing requirements.   Help us streamliine the process of change at the site level.  For example: Systems that have been implemented for change control are cumbersome and in a number of instances not value added. In many situations we are unable to meet critical compliance dates due to the time it takes to execute the change control process. This requires multiple extensions, alignment discussions with leadership, and introduce regulatory risk as a result of the lack of speed. For example, many areas are required to execute a Cat3 CR-A/CR-P for simple updates that pose no risk to a license. An upfront process to assess changes and divert (exempt) certain changes from extensive assessment should be expanded.
When promoting individuals, take a holistic look at the whole person and their experience, not just their education.
We seemed to have lost our connection to Inclusion and new hires. As new Leaders and people managers are being brought into the company from external organizations, they are not being upskilled in Inclusion and Ways of Working.  It has led to a noticeable change in culture and inclusivity within the organization.  HOW people do work no longer seems to matter.  People are extremely rude, abrupt and "belligerent" in how they talk and act to people.  There is definitely a fear to speak openly in certain forums based on this new culture.
Merck has lost or is losing fantastic leadership from Roger Perlmutter and Ken Frazier which, in combination with other external pressures, is stressful regarding the company's future. Staying the course of positive progress and science would be rewarded with continued loyalty from employees, Change is recognized as positive vs inherently negative but with new leadership we will remain somewhat skeptical until we see positive ROI.
Better resourcing of projects and areas that are struggling with workload.
Continue to support the needs of employees during these difficult times. Continue to encourage, support and provide resources for healthy living, positive thinking, mindfulness and diversity.
I dont care I am out of here
- Praise innovative people
make pay more transparent and fair.  people shouldn't have to change jobs constantly just to raise their income.
The present type of survey methods on all levels of management that are not just limited to immediate manager perspective on delivering on our mission since all will influence. This component may already be capture and if so great!
I think the move to 100% remote work (with the exception of as-needed instances) for US HQ employees was a massive step in the right direction in terms of attracting talent, creating long-term flexibility and work/life balance for employees.
Enhance teamwork, provide resources needed to get job completed, be more innovative on solutions (not just do it the same or traditional way), inspire and support people, balance workload
Less administrative process, more streamline, accountability
Stronger direct management support in developing employees.
Involve staff in fewer initiatives, focusing on only the most important initiatives to get the best return on employee time.  Contract staff. There has been a push towards low cost, low experience, low skill staff for certain core support work as part of initiatives to cut costs. This has added stress, increased time to manage resources without consideration on the business and personal impact to employees that need support.
We are all aware that work time leaks into personal time in this virtual environment. The response of asking "R U OK?" and providing resources to manage stress are greatly appreciated, but telling a stressed person who is feeling burned out to do additional things on top of their work (exercise, seek medical advice, take time for themselves that they don't feel they have due to work demands) does not fix the underlying burnout issues. Protecting some extra time and reducing metrics of work, meetings, etc would go far more towards helping this be a great place to work and deliver on our mission.
Motivation for the employees to keep doing our work
Lead in new ways of working which embrace efficiency, flexibility and sustainability.  Promote, invest in and RETAIN talent. Particularly as we continue to work remotely, greater effort is needed to break open silos vertically and laterally, to build a community with a shared vision.  Invest in diversity of people and pipeline.
More career coaching and guidance to identify new opportunities that would be a great fit for the professional. Especially when it comes to career changes that would be into a department that is pretty different from the one they are currently in.
HR & upper management can offer more, listen more, & do more to support employees.
Initiates for personal and professional training for the employees
remove as much red tape as possible
As a new employee, many of us observe there is a subtle old Merck culture and Schering-plough culture with senior leadership with 15+ years of experience.  This is a barrier for One Merck culture we want to build.
Ensure employee development and integration within workforce and encourage workplace flexibility in the post-pandemic era
By having a world class food court or canteen or restaurant to get healthy food 24/7 since MSD running in 24/7 for different countries people working in MSD as a full time employees.  MSD takes responsibilities for their own employees personal health and makes sure to get healthy food.
Ongoing work on how to stop climate change within and leadership of this external to Merck/MSD Share examples of how the Ways of working are being brought to life Further best practice sharing across markets and therapeutic areas to avoid reinventing the wheel
Continue focusing on our people, ethics and our patients
As an employee that joined MSD for about a year plus, I find that the training system for employee is quite slow. It is difficult to find resources that is required to get the proper access rights. Some of the SOPs are not organized, making it very difficult employee to follows.
The processes & SOPs are so convoluted that colleagues choose to not try instead of finding a possible way to go ahead.
The organization should emphasize the alignment across different functions rather than in silos, perhaps with digitalization tools for better communication and alignment on tasks and projects.
To give more priority on real hard working people to keep Operations are efficient and sustained.
I feel in some circumstances it would be better to treat certain departments as individuals rather than under a larger banner.
Ensure all employees are fairly treated (management, development, compensation/benefits) across the world and all have equal chances/opportunities to grow regardless the place where they leave. Merck/MSD should avoid certain language such as “big 5” “rest of the world” “underdeveloped markets..”. This gives impression that people are valued based on the size of their markets. Equity in access to our medicines/vaccines and solutions should continue to be priority.
Ensure there is a no blame culture where issues arise  just understand where we are and what we need to do to get to where we need to be and ensure we stay there
Reduce decision making process and coach managers how to cope with pressure and not pass it on their teams.
More focus on people development
Many of us have raised the issue of lack of resource. We are being pushed to breaking point because of it (i do understand it is not a quick fix) I am being asked to provide cover to help my team (which i am more than happy to do) but not when that means that i end up working extra hours every night, trying to carry out my own role.
More Hoildays
I liked it when my colleagues took their time off to train me and some new hires on how to work on PI processbook. Perhaps more of these initiatives will be nice.
Constantly keep innovating
Faster and more agile methods to implement the different ways of working to instill a community of agility and experimentation
Keep working as a team and make the workplace second home to stay and enjoy, appreciate what we are doing.
Actively have programmes/ activities allowing employees to participate, e.g. teambuilding, active day, recreational programs, fitness class. Or have memberships to some establishments to allow employees enjoy with family at special rates. Long service awards to appreciate the years of contribution by employees.
not giving others oppotunies to develop
Alway develop stronger and create confiddence for customers and MSD employees so that employees can be more confiden and more secure when continuing to dedicate to MSD.
To recognise effort placed in regardless of seniority.
We need the time to "sharpen our saws"    We can not rush our Medicine recipe and processes.  We need to do the same with our internal work processes and activities.
The company should check and ensure those leader who are acting being a good example rather than give  non productive idea
More investing in talented people More investing in digital platforms
In my view, nothing. The company is already a great place to work. Just keep up the momentum.
Continue to have an open dialogue with employees to understand our needs, concerns and ideas.  Continue to be transparent with employees, it builds trust knowing that our leadership is open and honest with us. Maintain a great reputation in the public eye as a leader in the pharmaceutical industry, by not conforming to the masses but by doing what's best and what' right for our customers and for your employees.
We should remove barriers for innovation.
Continue work to make processes more efficient when it comes to invoice management
I think by following procedure  in terms of safety and Quality and have a good plan in place
Some processes should be shortened/less complicated.
I will do my best to support this world and people around us.
Merck is doing a wonderful job in communicating the state of the business through this pandemic.
MEDIDAS DE SEGURANÇA,MELHORIAS PARA TODOS COLABORADORES
Have a louder voice to remove the barriers, facilitate aid, and drive towards getting this pandemic behind us.  Also be a leader to renovate the system to minimize the impact for any future pandemics or other health care related issues.
Provide an adequate number of human resources in order to allow for appropriate work/life balance.
Continue to provide a strong work life balance support for employees. Offer a more permanent work from home arrangement for all employees.
Continue to develop and acquire new and novel medicines with the focus on patients.
Make internal review committees less formal, more approachable.
Continue to invest in resources for digital engagement.
I think Merck needs to understand what the younger workforce is looking for and expecting in an employer and pivot.
take care of the staff's healthy
I feel that Merck is doing what needs to be done to make the company a great place to work - and Merck is succeeding!
continued from 17... Compliance and policy lack of transparency and is always ambiguous, it gives us fear to do our jobs. There is no clear boundaries. It gets more paperwork and complicated.  Who cares when nobody hears us and is never safe to speak for the past few years.  But if you care for the business needs, please hear us and help us.  Please look into the upper management team and reshape power situation.  Our lost of talent management (direct/indirect leaving the company) is a gain to our competitors for hiring them.  We understand change is inevitable but not to a point it affects our business as a whole in a destructive way.  I hope I still have my jobs after this survey, who knows they track me down and fire me.  I love MSD and is a great company to work with, and I wish for a change that are align to global and Merck's vision.  Thank you.
Most concerned about work resources and future headcount turnover on my team. Planning for constant changeover due to significant growth at Durham site The new digital resources/systems are great, but do interfere with work efficiency when they do not work or require additional steps that are non-value added (ie: CPWS/ change management) Work/life balance is certainly verbally encouraged, but when supporting a 24/7 facility and being dedicated to its success, it is extremely challenging to balance work and life.
Have a daycare on site
More Opportunities across all levels for better growth
Merck has the wrong people in the management positions. Our manager will go from one shift to the next and change his story depending on who he is speaking to at the time. He have favorites that is for sure. It seems he will only listen to the operators that are in the union (holding postitions in the union ). Its very sad but true.
Keep up with the pace of technology.
Encourage and enable internal resources to grow more than hiring new people, unless it is absolutely needed. Employees are rarely being promoted, even after giving exemplary performance. More Transitive and Transparent management would help in better evaluation.
Merck should continue with the focus on inclusion and equality. Merck Oncology should look at the number of representatives in a given territory due to access and the limited number of inservice engagements per provider. Offices are not allowing for multiple representatives in a “live” setting which also reduces access. The current structure is not optimal for Oncology. In addition, the flat merit increases every year of 3% is not indicative of our territory success and the amount of coordination required to be successful in this model.
Create additional pathways for career development and opportunities for promotion within an organization.
To have more extra benefits, at the end they make a big difference from working on other places
There is a deep-rooted culture of 'status quo' thinking/doing and it seems an inability or lack of interest in acting in ways to strengthen Merck's future.  We need a clear and ongoing message from leadership (beginning with Rob/EC and the HR LT) that agility, new ways of thinking/doing are the NEW EXPECTATION. We must measure against it and hold everyone accountable. In addition, we need to continue to infuse new hires who demonstrate agility and the ability to transform and to find and elevate those within the org who demonstrate those skills as well.  This is urgent for the success of Merck's future.
Analyze key delivery and compliance objectives (site and network) and align all available resources to ensure future success for MSD and Merck
Focus more on work life balance and level load work
Continue to encourage diverse voices to speak up and make room for them to do so.
I really like working for Merck.  I have great colleagues whom I trust and a boss that I believe is a trusted resource as I work to meet my annual goals.   I like that Merck is focusing on diversity and inclusion, but I do feel that the content that we are receiving in  communications and training is alienating to some.
Listen to the employees who are on the ground and doing the work. about what resources they need. Make sure employees with the right expertise are contributing to strategic discussions and direction.
I have always been impressed by the Company’s desire for its employees to have a healthy work/life balance. However, this is not currently matched by the sheer pressure of the work and the frenetic pace. Having the space to focus on, and finalise, projects, before new initiatives/workstreams are introduced, would make a huge difference to ensuring a sense of fulfilment and achievement. This, in turn, would allow a fresh energy and the headspace to think creatively and embrace new challenges. Once back in the office, I feel the pace will naturally slow and become more manageable, and I hope the Company will actively support and encourage this.
Continue doing a great job as of today
reporting goals, metrics, and progress for D&I, more training, development, and mentorship opportunities for people in 400-500 band (maybe this looks like networking/info-sharing events)
stress work life balance, recent mindfulness tools have been helpful
The most important is the increase in the company"s molecules and drugs
Become more agile . . . if we want to be the leading oncology company, take a leadership position vs waiting to see how many other companies allow certain compliant approaches before acting . . . address healthcare disparities via some simple actions (Spanish and other language resources for all products!) while working on longer-term solutions . . . break down silos between sales-marketing-compliance, as well as between individual marketing teams (e.g. Keytruda) . . . reduce "stuff" (50 bulletins YTD for my sales team plus e-mails, too many meetings, redundancy in asking different teams for the same feedback . . . continue to offer Gigs (great!) . . . continue to look at stock options, etc. o retain and reward employees . . . simplify ACRs for CTLs and OSRs in line with feedback that has been consistently shared . . . increase adaptation to evolving post-Covid world and modern learning styles (on-demand medical programs vs specific dates and times, short videos in field e-mails, etc.
improve Work life balance., encourage flexible working hours and long term work at home
Continue to support the "Be well" mission :)
Ensure competitive pay/benefits including on site fitness center Continue allowing flexible schedules (start/end of workday, remote work, etc.) Develop and commercialize research pipeline Enable tech-based innovations like TEL
Having people sitting at the correct level to receive the relevant information to make sense of the changes of direction in strategy from a divisional perspective and how those changes enable us to make informed decisions at a local/site level.
Fewer contractors, more FTEs. Upon joining, contract scientists are actively looking for a new permanent job since the contract is usually for 1-2 years. This leads to high turnover and significant stress on FTEs to train and mentor them over the course of a project. This leads to a vicious cycle to FTE and contractors becoming stressed, disgruntled and leaving. This continues to put more strain on teams and timelines, since hiring/training/mentoring takes at least 6 months per person.
Eliminate excessive paper work /charts/ graphs etc. on the production floor, so operator are able to do there job more efficiently without human errors.
I feel we have the greatest products and the greatest sales force in the industry.  Unfortunately, we are extremely inefficient internally.  Slow approval process for new accounts, billing issues with HomeAgain, slow approval of marketing materials, lack of automated customer facing tools.  We are well behind our competitors.
Ensure teams/functions are adequately resourced. Resourcing is not sufficient in many functions across the business for the volume of work. This is resulting in employees working excessive hours (nights/weekends)  to manage workload whilst also trying to manage other life commitments such as family, caring for others etc., this is leading to burn out and exhaustion for many employees. Some employees  slow to go for new roles or promotions due to increasing workloads and under resourced teams.
Assistant Directors needs to let the coach make coachable decisions instead of being anal in every decision that is made. Merck Wilson needs to allow more people on 2nd and 3rd a chance to apply for day shift positions instead of seniority on day shift being a blockage. More volunteering needs to be done offsite, especially during shutdown, so employees are able to save vacation instead of making them take their personal vacation that is earned. I do believe Durham does not make employees use their own vacation during plant shutdown.
More personal development resources sponsored by Merck
Keep the focus on quality.
even better collaboration with the MSD global and the MSD.K.K, and the better streamline of management/reporting to facilitate this.
Just making sure that everyone understands the importance that Merck and MSD has as a company to meet the patients needs
Lift the restrictions placed by “compliance” for interactions, whether in person or virtual, with customers.
Provide a communication environment (such as Team building, or face-to-face communication) so that global partners can communicate effectively.
Merck has a lot of great pipelines.
New products required for betterment of human health
I foresee great future , because the way company has progressed in last decade , makes it , a strong contender of future best Pharma company
I am excited about different projects and directions that the company is taking. I am not excited about the way these projects are handed out to staff in a favouritism way or with the expectation that staff who consistently put up their hand for work will always be available to do so.
No updates on future products  in the Segment  of  Type 2 Diabetes
Most of ideas and concerns are not considering from the people by top management team ,  In covid situation ,they are talks only about how to save job but not any innovation , sharing thoughts
Right
Highly recommended.
Excited is not the word I would use - curious, slightly apprehensive, up for the challenge.
The company focus  on people development
I am excited about the PCV program and new HIV drugs but disappointed with our lack of impact in the Covid space and I am not sure how the company will fare post Keytruda market exclusivity.
I feel the values and vision of Merck and MSD to be great. I am excited and proud to be part of a company that is looking to drive innovation and science to the betterment of patients.  I would like to see Animal Health be given a bigger platform to promote their innovations also.
Lookin forward to serve people in this covid pandemic by playing our part as an innovator and providing access to affordable medicines.
Fear for oncology pipeline
It is always good to hear what the future brings and that for example developments in research are shared. Additionally, it is good to know what this could mean for you.
I am excited for MSDs future - and I very much wish to continue to work for MSD - so I would be also personally excited about my future at MSD if I had more certainty in job role at MSD. Hopefully we can provide continuing opportunities for all.
An aging product portfolio and increasing access challenges.  Hoping that the product pipeline performs.
I personally think that the spin off will have very positive impact on Merck/MSD.
Looking at the current state of the GMP systems I'm afraid of MSDs future
The new business acquisitions in animal monitoring are amazing and exciting
Whilst I am sure we have a good future, and whilst i think the Organon spin off is a good idea, I have concerns that we are (a) not ready for the changes that healthcare systems will make in the next 10-15 years (b) we have avoided new technologies (gene editing, cell therapy RNA therapy etc) in the same way we shunned biologics under the Peter Kim era.
I'm proud that Merck is assisting in the Covid 19 crisis.
We have a robust pipeline of products and Merck is always at the forefront of innovation
Excited but at the same time a bit apprehensive as we seem to be relying solely on the success of Keytruda
I wish we did not give up on producing our own, even better than all others currently available COVID vaccine
We are handcuffed on so many things we can do as a sales rep.
Organan split leave a lot of unknown - with 25% less people we really need to take work out of the system.
I think that within pharma, MSD is an exciting story. However, the actually exciting stuff happen outside of the industry.
A little unsure of the future
I have concerns about our MRL.  That fact that we were unable to develop  a covid vaccine and still had to punt on some of our Covid treatments cause me to have concern regarding our research and development.    I have concerns about the company’s “position” when it comes to politics and events that are happening in the community.  Ones person’s position should not be representative of the entire company.   We serve everyone. And we have to answer to shareholders.
Concerns regarding future of Chronic Care specifically
Nervous about CEO change
Our future would be brighter if we weren’t constantly paralyzed by fear of legal issues and policies.
Looking at the erosion of products in all areas of our portfolios outside of Oncology between now and 2024 is very concerning. I have real concerns regarding my future with Merck.
I'm concerned about the recent vaccine pipeline struggles (CMV, Covid programs) as well as the impact of mRNA technology on our legacy products.  How are we thinking about the health of our vaccine inline and pipeline products for the future?
I think newer vaccine platforms should be introduced to Animal Health.
I am very excited about the company's progress and vision in research, manufacturing growth, and corporate responsibility.
Great products and excited about Expedition 25 and planning for the future.
I'm unhappy with the outcome of our multiple COVID-19 program failures.  I also feel a degree of uncertainty about the leadership changes at the EC level.
I hope we become the #1 Oncology company in the world.
Would like more transparency about future of position post pandemic
Pipeline must be progressed.  Systems should be simplified / optimized to allow for rapid progress in earlier clinical phases.  Patent expiration for Keytruda is a concern.
Merck is currently focused on maximizing profits, by being irrationally legal/compliance focused and overpricing products, rather than  being patient focused. Additionally, upper management is stuck in the past when establishing the business model rather than leading the industry in innovative changes.
Merck and MDS's focus on cutting edge science and technology will continue to serve the company now and for the future.
Worried about the pipeline especially in primary care
Our vision for the future and pipeline of products appears weak.  We have based much of our future in only one area of our business without a clear strategy for success.
The care they provide to the patients and employees
Merck appears to be embracing Diversity and Inclusion.
I hope MERCK becomes more focused on getting new products in development to market faster to allow more of an impact of the new products on the marketplace.
Looking forward to some of the medications we have in our pipeline to hit the market.
I know MSD is a great company with a exciting future not just for the great products the company have to save lifes but for the inclusive and diversity culture that actually is developing.
The company is growing and the people throughout the company are great to work with.
Have  stopped a number of pipeline programs recently due to clinical results, but overall still excited about the future.
Actually the right statement, would be a little worried due to the current situation... not sure about our future, and our jobs and the existence of our real estate buildings... we those disappear, will we work from home eternally, lots of uncertainty...
I do not believe the healthcare model we are currently operating within is truly sustainable and there will be mounting pressure for it to change.  That leaves me with a great deal of uncertainty as to how the company will choose to remain profitable and I fear a significant reduction in the workforce is likely to occur.
We have an important mission and the resources to accomplish.
Excited about the laser focus on vaccines and oncology
concern with rise of the "meeting culture"
I believe that by splitting organan each division can focus on the core strengths
I would like to see more new Products that drive sales rather than a large dependence on Keytruda
We have a strong mission and vision as a company.  With many leadership changes occurring this year, I do have some trepidation and hope that the future leaders maintain Merck's strong values and commitment to patients and employees.
I anticipate not finding a replacement for keytruda when it comes off patent.  I am not particularly impressed with how it has handled the COVID vaccine strategy.
Keytruda is #1 , becoming the premier oncology company & pipeline
Perception is that more headcount cuts are on the horizon due to stock market performance.
There has been so much recent change (at the very Sr. Leadership level) that it understandably lends spoke doubt to the future.  Given this change in leadership coupled wiith the rapidly changing health care landscape in the US it is more difficult to strongly agree with this statement than in the past
I feel very secure in Merck's near future. I feel uneasy about the long term future as a scientific/technology cutting edge institution, as our pipeline portfolio doesn't include novel platforms. I'm worried that with mRNA and gene therapeutics becoming more prevalent, we won't attract a good scientific talent pool.
Covid and Organon related business uncertainties
I am excited about the pipeline and future treatments
Sometimes it feels like we're running in too many directions, and no clear prioritization.  Hurry up, everything is important, and due last month.
The focus appears to be only oncology. Unsure if the company will pursue more partnerships or continue to spin off divisions such as biosimilars. As an employee it doesn’t seem like there is a strong long term plan.
Merck cares about the employees.
Yes, I am confident that MSD Animal Health is the reference for Brazilian Market and we are in the right way to keep Strong and market leader.
The representatives are so limited to what we can do that we are competitively disadvantaged. I believe this will ultimately affect sales and the reputation of the company in the eyes of the customer
However, pipeline does not look as strong out of the oncology franchise
A little nervous about LOE for Keytruda
LOE in oncology is a major concern and the company needs to provide a solid plan to compensate
I do agree, given what I know and given that the environment is volatile
There's a fairly exciting (if a little woolly) vision painted for the future of Animal Health but my faith in our ability to execute it is wobbly. People are overworked and exhausted and I can't see a plan to fix this, or an end to it. A level of disruption is of course expected during a period of such significant change, but the vision isn't strong enough to make the excessive hard work, without an end in sight, worth it.
The pipeline doesn't look that great
Virology products are outdated or not particularly relevant.  The future of virology is 2-3 years away.  I dont know how hospital reps see customers if they dont have access into hospitals.  What will chronic care be selling if Merck continually reduces size and scale of sales force.  Oncology and vaccines appear to be only places with a present and future.
Merck has been good to me and my family and I can't wait to see what the future holds for all enfo
The loss of Ken Frazier is huge
Brinny is moving into the Vaccines space more, but there has not been any communication/updates so far on what will be introduced to replace the Sterile/Biologics footprint onsite. Also - there are less open FTE roles onsite, with contract roles not being renewed - concerned about the future of the site.
Im concerned about the speed at which we are able to mobilize initiatives and enable change.
I truly believe we have the opportunity to be an amazing company and be in industry leader but right now we are not executing. We are not driven by strategy we are driven by fire fighting.
Excited to be part of the Vaccine division and looking forward to launching the new products in the pipeline!
I am excited about all the potential indications coming for Keytruda and other products, but have concern about Merck's future after Keytruda's LOE
Best in class products and innovative science
I have no idea where I will go from here due to the situation at our site.
The driven goals of Merck to provide the best medicines for people and animals on this planet is unsurpassed.
Limited pipeline. Accelerated price erosion on key brands. Inconsistent messaging across portfolio.
There have been yearly changes/restructures for the last 6 years
There isn't too much to be excited about.  We struggle to develop new drugs and are status quo at this point.
Nervous about Ken Frazier leaving and what it means for maintaining Merck's investment in it's people as it pertains to global diversity and inclusiveness
Merck’s emphasis on “doing the right thing” has really been on display during the pandemic.  I’m proud and appreciative to work for this company.
I would strongly agree if the nature of the Commercial organization wasn't so conservative from a compliance decision making perspective.
I am confident in the organization but am worried about our top line post-Keytruda.  I am also concerned that personnel decisions are increasingly being made for reasons other than merit and seem less commensurate with contribution to the organization.
It seems that management changes so frequently and then they try to re-invent the wheel.  We need some stability so the focus can be where it needs to be to get some momentum.  This is happening not only at the top, but even in mid level management positions.  Everyone is always worried about where to move to next.  How can you build a future when no one understands the past.  I see this in my division which is USHH.
I believe Keytruda is a solid product to carry the company for the immediate future, and I am hopeful that something else from the pipeline will be developed as well.
Our focus on innovation and WoW will help position us into the future.
Ken Frazier and Roger Perlmutter are big shoes to fill for Merck.  Our efforts with COVID treatments have not been successful.  I am concerned that maybe we have lost to much of our expertise.
I am excited about the products that are in our pipeline and how they will help patients
Merck has an exciting pipeline and a lot of potential.   It could become a great place to work with a few fundamental changes.
It's difficult to develop interest in the company's future when it's a struggle to get day to day work done.
Future Research and history of successful research/launch has not been as good as once was. Also, political creep is entering what should be a focus on sales and research.
Agree with potential future of Portfolio and as a bio company, but disagree in my subsidiary where I see at risk some key startegic pillars
I am not really in a position to influence the companies future, therefore I cannot say I am excited about it. I am glad we are in a stable section of the industry (pharma) and thus my workplace is safe. I am apprehensive about the culture of maximum output, metrics, performance by numbers etc. I can see more and more mental health issues and burn outs around me and this really scares me.
I honestly just do my job as much as I can, but people is always commenting how hard it is here to grow or to be a senior or have a different career path and that makes me feel unmotivated because I don't know if I would still be here for that since right now they're other companies who have higher salaries with the same job am doing with higher possibilities  of growth.
we have to adapt to a different future for animal production
As long as compliance is realistic and let’s the field have a voice .  It would be boost morale if they’d give the field reimbursement for home internet and or increase cellphone allowances.
There seems to be a big change with the Upper management Leaders. Feels a bit like they are abandonng ship.
Excited about Merck's future but not our site's future.
I am not confident at all about where our company is headed. It seems like every day there is a new policy that further limits us being able to do our jobs. We are responsible for our numbers, yet, company policy takes away tools to accomplish this. Also regarding re-entry, we are the only company I know of with such extreme restrictions on working during COVID.  I appreciate the importance our company places on our safety, however there has to be a better way. We’re sales people. We want to be out working and meeting with customers when they allow, not sitting on conference calls for 8 hours a day, 5 days a week. Even being fully vaccinated, Merck won’t allow me to get on a plane and work with my OSRs, even when I have one or two who could really use live coaching. It’s incredibly frustrating not being allowed to do my job.
Looking at all the new hires at West Point, gives me confidence of the future of Merck
Strong current products and pipeline suggest an exciting future.
My future aspirations are aligned with MSD growth
Having alot of career improvement
Unsure what effect the failing development of COVID-related medicine will have and I'm worried about the consequences in case executive management has to react to 'manage' the stock market.
Highly effective innovative drugs are the key to a bright future
I think there could be a bright future for MSD Milton Keynes with the right amount of attention to upgrading and replacement of equipment in the older areas to optimise efficiency of the plants.
Yes agree
I think we have a lot of opportunities in front of us, but as always - it is a risky business.
Would like to know more about how we can expand our portfolio in non-oncology areas.
not a lot of information on the pipeline
good development pipeline, good R&D leadership,
We have stated a commitment to specialization in cancer and vaccines, yet I do not see us with the market leadership in vaccine innovation I would expect to accompany that commitment.
I think there is a lot happening at Merck/MSD to be excited about. In terms of recommending as a great place to work, I believe it largely depends on markets, function/BU, role.
Not sure where we are headed after the recent political statements
Keytruda coming off patient, US tax reforms, and a workforce which are burntout with no hope for allowing extra resources to be hired to help with the workload
Worried about what’s in the pipeline for our division. We have product(s) that have upcoming patent expirations, and we have no knowledge of new products coming for our division.
It's great that we are saving and improving lives, but there is still so much waste within the company.
Lack of a CVID vaccine candidate from Merck is disappointing given Merck's successful history with vaccines.  Merck is currently highly dependent on Keytruda ad Gardasil.
Not sure of the future with COVID and loss revenue
I feel like the company’s agenda is more focused on “diversity and inclusion” and making political statements then the goals of providing life saving and improving drugs.
Seems that apart from oncology portfolio there is not so much  in other therapeutic areas
Great for new hires but no incentives for those over 15 years. Not pay increase
It’s such an amazing time for patients and I’m happy to be a pert of this.
I believe oncology has a stable and strong future and I feel a lot of job security at Merck which is one of the most important things for me
Growth and new products are exciting.
Our pipeline looks really strong and I feel confident in the companies we have invested in
Merck’s an incredible company and proud to work here
I'm proud of what this company has accomplished and will accomplish in the future. But, cost constraints on the Pharma industry as a whole mean that we are facing challenges in the future.
I am excited about Merck’s future, I just worry about  downsizing
it's glad to see more actions taken to digitalise current tedious process.
we where no where to be seen with a covd 19 vaccines . where is our own products from our own pipeline. the only drugs we come out with we buy . not like the old Merck
I see nothing in the future from MSD about career path
The company is made up of a group of great people, and those people have a sense of purpose. At Merck, people get up every day in the morning with the desire to alleviate human suffering, and that's what motivates people.
Concerned about pipeline beyond Januvia and Keytruda.
I realise MSD has a great degree of potential especially within the Oncology space, but I’m unsure of the future at MSD regarding current roles within the commercial teams. This is as the landscape has been changing so rapidly over the past number of years at the business. It is not so much the change that have occurred of late, but the frequency with which wholesale roles have been lost over time and a progression towards digital implementation of certain roles.
I see Merck / MSD a solid company looking for continuous  strategies  to keep been successful globally
This way we're focussing on the wrong issues
MSD strategy on products and innovation will guarantee that MSD will always work on cutting edge subjects and has corresponding opportunities as a company.
Excited about the future but nervous about pipeline and patent loss
I would be more excited if there were room for growth in my salary range
I hear from the Clinical research department to introduce the development of ADCs in the 1st Innovation Forum. I believe MSD will have a bright future.
Even after continuous performance our ZBM Mr. Shahid Azmi said that we were in the list as Prayagraj, Lucknow, India is a small territory and after this year we would be nowhere in the organisation because of the downsizing which is going to happen in the organisation which has started an insecurity level in our mind.
We have great innovations and the future is looking bright
Interested in new medicines developments.
Disappointing that we could not get a Covid vaccine approved
Im very happy to be part of Merck/Msd company
Maybe we need more pipeline outside oncology(Keytruda)/vaccines and less focus on process (agile, digital, etc which seems to be a religion right now). Maybe we could also take more calculated risk... could we maybe have brought our Covid innovations faster to patients instead of stopping our programs?
MSD is a great company, but to complicated process and redundant workload didn't catch up today's update
Our leadership changes and pipeline need to stay strong.
The oncology pipeline is impressive. I am excited about the potential for combination therapies and new scientific breakthroughs
There is a lot of talk about cost cutting.  As our group doesn't have any travel or conference expenses to cut, I am concerned that we will lose staff members.  Whether I am let go or not, that has a large impact in the amount of work we can complete.
I am excited but nervous about where we are headed. I just so much want to be a part of this organization through to my retirement and I am not sure how our positions will pan out in the coming years.
A lot of canceled projects in the vaccine pipeline, compounded with the general feelings of languish personally and seen in my coworkers, it feels a little bleak and absent of new and exciting technologies and deliverables.
I think we have moved the needle on the culture of our business and are continuing to put the right messages out there around GD&I initiatives that make it know that Merck is a great place to work.  I also believe we are building the correct digital and data analytics solutions in place to support the need to make data driven decisions for the future.
Merck has a lot of potential if they would allow their people to cross over and learn new skills
Our future success lies in combining MAHI with MAH, and also our pipeline of new products and services.
Unsure of Future
Yes it’s a good place to work and the management is good and last but not the least the market value of MSD is excellent
Because now the organization is not growing, as no new brands launched since many years
Very good  culture and good environment  in all areas
Proud of being employee of Highly Research & Academic Organisation
Great Place to work Here
Great opportunities ahead
I am excited about the commitment we all have to innovation as the foundation of caring for patients and growth of our company.  Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion has the potential to make us even stronger. We should welcome the contributions of every team member and ensure each of us brings our best self to our workplace.
The work that we do worldwide for our clients are invaluable.
Excited about Merck accomplishments but not excited about site closure
There are systemic problems that keep me as an employee from being as efficient as I would like to be. Over time, running up against the same issues over and over again tend to dampen my excitement for the future of Merck.
Merck makes it very challenging to do our job by placing so many obstacles in our way. What good is it to have an amazing product if it is like pulling teeth to go out and sell it!
I am concerned about the revenue voids we have to fill with products nearing patent expiry. The new products don’t necessarily have the capability to to generate sales sufficient to fill these voids. Why does it take 7 people to sell Keytruda to the same customers, for the most part.
to expand career development within wide range of function
As discussed in the Vision 2025, MSD will be fortified with all the plans that will be implemented.
I'm excited about Merck Globally and the future while the internal competition is a drawback that affects the environment negatively
I used to feel excited but recently I feel anxious about the future of MSD at my country taking into consideration the cutting cost and available promoted products
Merck and MSD's future is very promising and exiting but the company doesn't see employees as integral part of it's future
Completely.
I would like to see new products come to our facility
I hope to retire in 4 years
Seems some of our competitors conduct research and generate results faster than we do.
I’m excited about the coming oncology indications, but I worry about accessing the providers to share new data.
Merck takes care of it employees and strives to equip them to succeed
Any recent plan available for Indian market as Januvia is going to lose its exclusivity.? We are really waiting for newer drugs to facilitate Indian market and patients.
Unsure with the Organon split , dependence on Keytruda and the current economic issues.
It feels like it's taking forever to feel like normal again. So even though a change in leadership, the Organon split, our potential to help the world battle Covid-19 is exciting, there still feels like there's a cloud and weariness from where we've been. It's hard to get revived.
I am a new hire in past year - faced with some leadership changes including retirement of Ken Frazier and Roger Perlmutter, as well as several leaders in the PV division leaving in the past 6 monhs
Merck's Pipeline has really stiirred up excitement and reputation continues to get better internally and externally.
Research & Development: Oncology & Vaccine Divisions
I no longer feel that I am working for a leading pharma company, when I only hear my company being praised on diversity. I understand this is a milestone, and we want to achieve it, but I believe the primary concern and direction of the company, and what the company should be known for is for Innovative drugs/vaccines to tackle today's challenges
Wonder about the future without the leadership of Ken and Roger. Also, the future of CORE with the departure of Susan and no successor in place weeks later.
There are too many uncertainty in terms of  products movement.
Want to expand and experiment my new learned skills in the stream of OD and Change management
Nowadays I feel too much uncertainties, especially with the out of stock situation, and the stress being put on us.
I'm transitioning to Organon but still wish the best for Merck.
I worry about our dependence on our Oncology portfolio, and while I would like the company to continue to strengthen it, I would like to see more investment in other areas as well.
Our site never receives any new products or processes
The rules now placed for OSR interactions with customers are making it difficult to reach customers
I waffle between very excited and totally afraid.  The amount of change to support the Merck interpretations of the HA regulations in the name of compliance that does not actually improve compliance or support the end user is destructive.  The future with Merck's portfolio of life saving products brings me hope and pride.  I worry that we are incapable of continuing to serve our mission by having so many systems that do not support our compliance or product quality but masquerade as if they do.
Concerned about product pipeline and partnerships
Reduced headcount restricts what can be reasonably achieved
It is frustrating to be out maneuvered by our competition in the ways we engage with patients and policy makers
Now I have most of the resources. However, it took quiet some time to receive access to SAP even though the training was already closed out.
Too many exceptions to the procedures, too much work outside the system.
The way we handle information and resources needs to be improved vastly. A lot of time is spent searching for and compiling data that should be readily available; much more automation is needed in order to make certain workflows economical.
I feel IT related resources are very poor in this modern age. Helpdesk 'tickets' are set to low priority and handled by 'callcenters' that dont really feel too knowledgable and escalate a ticket 2 times before a simple question is answered, also had tickets that were completely ignored.
SAP specifically - here my access is very limited which hampers my ability to support the sales teams and get a clear picture of my stock holding. Daily or even weekly reports of monthly stock on hand according to forecast would really make a world of difference
Resources for personal work are available and plenty. Resources for projects (FTE) are very limited, putting a high workload on the project teams. There is no prioritization according to importance for the company. This seems to be an ongoing trend that only gets worse with Expedition25, which looks like a reason to limit resources but is pitched as a way to improve efficiency.
No guidance, No trainings, No mentorship, No support but too much expectations.
Remote working is not condusive to providing effective training so that element is difficult. Connections with people to promote ngagement and support for projects is also affected
Marketing good processes not always
I do feel I have the resources however over the past year it has been extremely busy and sometimes I have not had time to get to some activities that I would like to get to so that can feel that I am on top of my job and thus give me the sense that I am doing my job as well as I can be fully on top of all the activities and responsibilities of my role.
Chronically under resourced in medical which leads to delays in outputs for the rest of the organisation
We are clearly lacking the resources within our team, especially internal ones which are being substituted with a lot of external contractors. Even though we are team of data scientist which are being priority for the company, asking and getting approval for internal resources feels like impossible task.
For projects that span multiple teams the issue is typically resource allocation at a program level.  Many times there isnt an efficient way to bookmark FTE / resources required to deliver integrated solutions which are typically the ones needed to deliver real organizational transformation.
We need of better PC.
The volume of work often exceeds the capacity of myself and my team
Product resources are getting better but definately take forever to get in hand.  Example: Q6W dosing cards
I need more training / course opportunities
working remotely, I am not being provided with the equipment I would have available to me in the office here in my home. I was being challenged by my manager when requesting being provided with certain more expensive supplies.  the message from my manager differed from the message concerning office supplies on Sync.
As a new hire during the pandemic, it has been difficult to get the resources I need to start. However, my entire team and my mentor and my manager have been incredibly helpful however they can be and have been very friendly and willing to help me. It has been more of a case where I didn't know what I didn't know, and starting a new job working from home and trying to figure out where and what those resources were was difficult.
Budget and resulting resource cuts have required people to wear more hats. This is shifting focus to getting work done quickly and efficiently versus completely and thoroughly. No time for training, certifications. external networking or mentoring.
Additional resources to support our D&I initiatives would be beneficial for the enterprise.
Additional marketing items would be extremely helpful to have in the field and digitally. Since working from home, it would be helpful to have a laptop to multitask rather than working off of the iPad full time since it is smaller.
I am able to do my job.  However, there are resources out there that could make my job more efficient, but some people who are change-averse or are comfortable with the current way we do things say that "we're fine doing it the way we do it".  So we don't plan or push for the improvements, or we simply maintain the status quo because it's good enough--or because people don't want to learn a new way.  It takes a great deal of effort to bring new ideas around sometimes.
Biggest resource we need is "time", and it seems like a lot of time gets taken away by meetings and by too many initiatives (unable to prioritize at the senior leader level)
Customers like me to hand them coupons. Fingertip formulary is not good - I’ve spoken up several times about needed changes to no avail. NEED voucher and leave behind pieces for Verquvo. (Other than PI) . HQ driven eMF canceled with customers on the line due to ‘technical difficulties’, then LATE condescending notice to sales rep, unacceptable. Business cards on back order for a month! All just makes my job more difficult.
We are running out of space in my particular building. Several groups only have 2 techs to perform assays which can make scheduling and meeting the demands of planning very difficult.
We are put under a lot of pressure to deliver results, yet are constantly asked to do more with less. Not only do we have fewer people to do more work, we are also expected / asked to add to their already heavy workload with various initiatives (e.g. strategy).
Attrition has contributed negatively to resources available to do work.  Backfills of headcount take months to approve and then hire resulting in delays and constraints just to keep neutral headcount.  The additional resources required to satisfactorily execute upon business deals with collaboration partners or acquisitions is never taken into headcount expansion and further adds to the constraint in resources.
Would be nice to have a small proxima during sales discussions over lunch so everyone can see the presentation.
Although we have some of the needed resources, so many appropriate and compliant resources could benefit our customers tremendously, and raise our value in their eyes.
NO!  I am face to face with customers.  We are not getting resources for offices that allow us to gain access to promote our products.  We DESPERATELY need literature and resources in Spanish and English (other languages would be helpful as a template to send via email as well!).   Also need Tech to be more user friendly for us in the field with iPads only.   Apps do not work on our iPads and takes so much longer to complete the simplest of tasks... expense reports, updating customer account information, finding a site within Merck....  Crazy!!
Given the situation, we are doing the best we can, however, i think Merck has lost perspective on what our providers are going through by constantly reminding us of our reach and frequency when we are in the middle of a pandemic.  We are doing the best we can.  I do not choose to stay home, Merck is telling us we have to.  It’s very difficult to get providers remotely.
My manager is great about providing me training and resources, very empowering, which is appreciated and most effective in my opinion.
I have all the tools I need and sometimes more than I can assimilate in a normal workweek
Compared to what competition is able to provide ...we are behind
Sometimes Merck is so big, that's it's hard find the correct point person to solve an (administrative) problem: expenses, PO's, computer/technology issues etc. The help desk is rarely helpful and certain departments are unreachable.
I feel we have resources but I feel the organization is uncomfortable making decisions and anything we do that's new has to go to the highest levels of the organization
We have minimal if any appropriate leave behinds for HCPs.  Our hands are tied when it comes to conducting educational programs for HCPs and we are now limited on the number of times we can actually interact over a meal in office with HCPs.  How do we drive the business with our hands cuffed behind our back?
I still feel that compliance and legal at Merck prevents us from being competitive
Merck is always conservative and often to a fault. There are many unique restrictions esp legal ones that keep us from being competitive and seem to be overkill.
The ability to have new field assets is severely hampered by the extensive and exhaustive regulatory/legal review processes in place. The ability to provide increased support to the communities we serve is severely hampered/squelched due to extreme regulatory restrictions.
It seems like a lot of the patient education and support materials are what we want but not necessarily what our customers need. I know there’s compliance issues on what we can provide but we have to look to our customers to see what they really want and need.
in terms of tools yes, in terms of more headcounts no
I have training platforms, IT resources that fit my needs. Only thing that I do not have enough from is time to do all the things I would need to.
We have some internal barriers and different view points holding us back.  I feel if my division would seek more open insight we would have the resources we need to do our jobs well.
Having a Laptop would help. I know that is coming in the future.
having a laptop would certainly make my job easier, the iPad and all the layers that you need to go through have created so much stress and make my job more difficult. I can’t believe a team of seven people can only do 12 lunches with an office you could not make this stuff up. I also, i’m so disappointed that you took away the most powerful tool we had in lunchtime PDG‘s.  it went from being  a tool that we all  used, the doctors appreciated and the speakers did an amazing job, to a program that no one wants to do or probably will be able to do.   I swear the doctors offices make access so difficult and doing this job so difficult and then Merck comes along and says watch we can make it even harder
Not enough financial resources to conduct business FFM Meetings
Things keep piling up and I haven't received additional resources until recently.
Aside from headcount.  Resources exist, but are not always simple to find; sometimes it's a short chain of people away or several websites.  Organizing and promoting fast (direct) access to the vast amount of information is a big challenge and there likely isn't a one size fits all type solution.  This can be in the form of technical knowledge, training, human resources, etc.
We have great resources overall.  However, it’s difficult in situations where we can’t have more than 25 at a virtual RFM, especially during a launch when that may be the only way to access the office.  Cardiology offices often have many providers and staff.
This is true for my current role but has not always been the case
The educational materials we have provided are mediocre. The outside groups Merck uses to develop the materials don’t do a very good job and the internal PRT approval process results in a lot of resources that are substandard in my opinion.
Again, a lot of my answer revolves around the ease of doing our jobs in some aspects.  I know being a large company, compliance is top of the list, but in some cases Merck goes a little too far with compliance processes and impedes our interactions with customers.  When we can’t do something,  another company can, so therefore we are at a disadvantage.
We need access to large practices (over 25) virtually and access to food trucks to deliver lunch to our customers who request them.  According to my number 3 volume account, Merck is the only oncology company not offering these options to the practice.  I haven’t been in this customer cancer center since early 2020, and I don’t see how I can see them while they are trying to protect patient lives by inhibiting access inside the center.
A major challenge during this pandemic is creating virtual touchpoint with our customers and our Veeva emails need to be revamped to do this. They are very commercial looking and not engaging, not helping to secure touchpoints.
With occasional gaps due to being a remote worker (due to pandemic) and some key resources being on site (that's not Merck's fault per se)
Sometimes out of my control so I have learned to cope, make it work
IT support hasn't been a 100%
Slow turn around getting templates/pre-populated emails approved thru PRT.
Sometimes technology can be a challenge along with how long everything takes to complete because of all the required steps involved.
The workload for some teams is barely manageable.  It seems to vary between TA teams and management says they are aware but they are not making any changes that will actually improve the team's work-life balance.  The biggest concern seems to be making sure we show how busy we are and that no matter what amount of work load we have that we will perform.  That can only last for so long....
Again, resources are being stripped away by compliance
Merck has spent the last few years investing in new digital capabilities for product promotion which is great.  However, I need printed resource to do my job even better.
Updated home tools would be nice sine we do so much remotely now
We have resources but it is quite hard to reach appropriate contact out to help you when you are new. This can take time
Mostly, I do have the resources to complete my job
Managements endorse new programs/studies without Japan specific propritization if Merck HQ decides to start it. On the other hand, there is no additional resource and hiring is on-hold.
Indeed I do.  However it is segmented and often inundating.  I can see efforts for improvement and also take personal action to streamline
Modern IT supported lab systems have been too slow in being implemented.
Very difficult with the lack of supplies (PPE, bleeding supplies, etc) that are available to us right now.  We can't get in what we need due to the situation
In order to be the leading oncology company, Merck needs to follow the lead of our competitors. Our customers do not understand why Merck is unable to do things that the vast majority of other oncology companies are able to do. Merck’s restrictive policies have become a competitive disadvantage.
Some sales applications are more helpful than others.  Accuracy of numbers in spotfire have been unreliable the past two years in some cases
Technology is lagging behind at Merck
We have the virtual resources needed to complete our mission.
MSD have been making sure that in our WFH status we have everything we need to work comfortable and with the necessary equipment such as an extra monitor, mouse, keyboard, chair and laptop support
There are ample resources to do our job however with strict policies in place such as RAT tool and policy 3, it is challenging to execute the use of the resources.
There are many valuable resources but not always sure how to find them or how to find out who to go to. You might be directed to a specific area but how do you find the person that you specifically need. There are so many different groups and home pages. Also, processes change way to frequently. You just learn and get used to a process and then it changes.
Just trying to get new business cards has been a months long process.  We are in a product launch, and it’s been a slow process getting the necessary resources to launch effectively.
Websites don’t work.  Physical coupons are gone that customers value.  Lack of formulary coverage with objectives that are not possible.
I think that the company should provide all that is needed to work properly at home (ergonomics, and office equipment at least a chair and a screen.
Backfills are not approved in a timely manner leaving teams to struggle for months.
I think we need a laptop at our houses for the office. I think an iPad only is very limiting to some of the office stuff.
Resources and access to them are way over-restrictive and puts Merck at competitive disadvantage compared to other companies in the industry.
our competitors over samples. many of our customers use the samples.
Recently the amount of FFM’s we can participate in has been deducted per year and because of COVID most of my FFM’s are remote.  This will really impact offices that have more than one provider and I only see one at a time remotely, but they all sign in for the lunch.  Will limit to half of the times I can see the HCP’s while remote.
I feel I have the resources I need, but I can't say the same about my team given they are field and follow a different set of rules than I do as a HQ-based employee.
Current workload to manage above site initiatives in parallel to new line install support & production site initiatives is having a negative impact on workloads and the ability to manage the day to day business needs.
Especially with such limited customer facing time, it is extremely difficult to communicate freely with email with such policies that create and support limitations and boundaries that are so adverse to freely speaking about brands
We talk about diversity but we often can’t get our resources in various languages. This makes it difficult to do my job well.
If I had the resources needed, I would be able to balance my work and personal life.  Please see my responses to the question on balance and my previous comment on roadblocks.
The human resource has been my best resource as a new employee in CSRM. The team is very knowledgeable, experienced and available for training, Q&A, problem solving. It's fantastic!
Processes are sometimes slow and/or not simple; many people to work through for many steps.  This can make it hard to be nimble, experiment and test & learn. Also innovative technology is hard to experiment, process is for full scale vs. test & learn.
Company has given the best resources to support my activity, so I should do the best for my work
Agree mostly, but taking into account that the workload is very high and there is no system that backfills support needs in case of emergencies. Additionally taking into account that a growing pipeline needs multiple people to support programs challenging the direct availability of people when they are needed.
I do have the required equipment and I know how to perform my job. I often feel hindered in executing my task by management demands. E.g. micro-managing and constant metrics tracking adds to the workload unnecessarily.
I've chosen agree instead of strongly agree, since working devices (e.g. table, chair etc.) supported by MSD would help the working from home.
I often have to ask around or dig for a while to find information to do my job. For example, figuring out the correct SOP that I need to find information is not simple. When I do find the SOP, it references many other documents that I need to find just to figure out one thing that I need to do.
There are sometimes too many resources, and this can make it hard to "know" all the resources or the ones that will BEST enable me to do my job most effectively and efficiently. However, a variety of resources also allows for flexibility among people's preferences which is nice.
Yes, but is has been difficult working from home during COID.  It is hard to get Drs. On the phone and to do a virtual visits.    I do not support sending emails to Drs. that have 30 or more emails and they never open them.  It does not look good!  Let us make our decisions on who and when we should  send emails.  Thank you!
I know that Merck has quickly adopted to a virtual workplace.  In field sales we are still challenged to get in front of our physicians because many of them won’t meet with us virtually. I am hopeful that we will return to our ways of working so that we are able to meet with our customers more readily
Agree, but would also like to enable automation in the systems that I use as this will definitely allow me to do my job well
Whenever we are conducting event to engage our customer we are worried about compliance, even a small mistake happens we feel that we may lose our job.
The company made sure to provide the resources to do our job well.
Some services can be reviewed and revised after such a long time such as speakers honorarium and travelling allowances.
There are quite a few problems on the IT side and it's alwasys a strugle when apps you need for work are slow or don't work well or not comfortable to use
I have to do extra hours in order to get everything done.
In order to enhance customer experience we need easy-to-use tools for data collection, evaluation and  use. In particular for customer interaction e.g. Samples distributed incorporated in veeva irep, Xpower less clicks and dropdown for quick data submission, msdorders status of registration, optin/optout list and all emails that were sent in order to identify optout reason, etc.
Working from home limits connection with operations and resources .... (e.g. unable to inspect samples with a microscope -> need to work with third parties which creates barriers, increases costs, timelines, etc. )
My experiences as a new hire has been such that there is no process for ensuring new staff members are provided the basics of what they need to start to acclimate into the environment. You are given a laptop and email access only. It appear many staff members have been within the organization, no thought is given to the experience of a newbie to the environment as it relates to training, ensuring the appropriate system access is provided, etc.  You're just told, tell me what you need and I will ensure you get it. Well - how to you know exactly what you need? Feels like indoctrination by fire. Which is okay, however it does make it bit more difficult than it need to be.
More virtual resources needed for customer engagement for example a simple way to capture email permissions
The work of scientists could be more supported by expanding the groups of purchasing, technical services, contract management, equipment validation and IT.
We seem to be asked to "do more with less", despite the aggressive growth that is needed.
I am in field sales.  Merck’s Veeva platform allows old addresses to linger in the system for years.  Retired and deceased providers to pop back in. DEA valid providers have no “valid address” per us. Allowable RFM count is reduced when only a few providers allow RFM’s in their office during this pandemic yet we have a tracker that dictates whether we are doing a good job.
I would hope resources to be more current and really appropriate based on what customers will respond to, instead of just becoming a check box to complete.
Great resources for my products from marketing
Need better digital engagement tools. Not much evolution over the last year
I feel that the needs of my customers require an in person presence.  While I value that Merck is concerned for my safety, my customers (for the great majority) have opened up to in person engagements and have stopped doing remote.  Having had Covid and received the vaccine, I wish I was allowed to go into offices that preferred in person engagements
Equipment ages and breaks over time, and i have to pay out of pocket for basics like headsets, keyboards, mouse because i am told there is no budget for this at work.  I addition, we are asked to say on top of our field and be able to offer up innovative solutions yet there are no opportunities or budget to enable attendance at training or events where you can expand knowledge and network.
It would be nice to be able to electronically share more resources.
one resource which is needed is reliable headcount data; reliable headcount data is not available
the team constantly feels stretched and working late hours. there is always a threat that work will not get done due to resources. Year over year we get more work to do with no additional help or budget.
Too many resources that it is hard to keep up and track  with all the resources from different places.
Providing the right resources that address to different clients needs a lot of improvement
Resources are more or less present within the company but fragmented and not easy to locate/find. Very often, we rely on colleagues who have done something before to tell us where to go look or find what we are looking for.
The resources need to be better streamlined and efficient.
COVID 19 has presented great challenges, I understand Merck could be more agile in looking for or modifying alternatives that provide continuity in my work.
We are well-resourced as a salesforce.  The marketing teams listen to our input.  Field advisory boards are important.  There are always things we could use, but understandably, there are priorities that marketing must consider before committing to producing everything we request.
I feel we are always months behind with approved resources either remote or in person. Nothing happens fast, so we’re late to some conversations and other vaccine companies can be and are being viewed as providing more value on a timely basis.
I agree.  However, I need more people on my team. We have a large project list but not enough people to balance the necessary projects with the routine day to day work.
I feel we have limited resources for diabetes.
We are too conservative to invest in transformational goals, e.g. investments in new technologies and IT.
Depends on the project.
The biggest challenge for me in the WFH environment is having my own space to work (both my husband and I WFH and work for Merck), with only one office in the house, I work from my bedroom.  The other challenge is childcare - both my kids are home in the afternoon and need assistance with homework and being watched while I work in the afternoon.  The LifeCare benefit given to us has greatly assisted - it would be great if it continued as the pandemic continues!
There’s always lots of thoughts and sharing from my teammates and my SM
The phone and vehicle policy needs to be reviewed
I have all the equipment I need, however, both laptop and iPad are old models and having a lot of connection issues and working from home, in an area without cable/glass fibre I needed to get an extra subscription on a 4G lease to be able to connect properly to work, without expenses being compensated.
Refer back to comment about MES. We also do not have any managerial support, except for the interim business lead who is being moved to a different area. We need help on the shop floor, not help from behind a computer a mile away.
I don't always have the time to do my job well. But for the most part we have what we need.
Coupons are one of the biggest resources we have with customers.  Customers tell me routinely that they give customers coupons routinely and that it is a mistake that Merck is not providing them.
I have encountered a lot of IT issues. My first laptop didn't work properly and I had to straggle for it to be replaced, Generally speaking, the service I received from the IT department was poor. I still encounter problems of slowness when using the VDI to read emails. Sometimes I encounter problems when transferring files that I want to attach to emails.
Sometimes I feel if I had more leave behind resources for customers it would be helpful.
Yes, I do have resources, but would like them to be available in ROME
I think I have the physical resources to do my job well, but I don't feel like there is enough time in the week to get everything done.  So considering 'time' as a resource, I don't have enough.
I feel the new compliance barriers are limiting my access to customers and in the end hurt business.
I feel well prepared overall.  Merck has done a great job incorporating new technology.  The resources in Veeva media make OCM interactions productive.
Example:  Certain patient education pieces allow us to only order 10 per month.  If more than one health professional requests the item in that same month, I have nothing to give the additional people.  Routinely requesting extra quantities for a “conference” doesn’t seem practical. Could we order 30-40 instead?
Would like better/more user friendly software to use, and better patient education brochures, posters, and tear pads.
I can't bring my computer into the building so I have to leave the building to do my job but I'm supposed to spend more time in the building.
Continual change in demand and priorities make for a chaotic work environment. Constantly feeling like swimming and can't keep afloat - always getting behind.
I really appreciate the profound learning resources in MSD's internal platforms.
Communication differences between oral and written is confusing
Merck are very up to day with all recourses to do my job well.. More focus should be given on the processes on site.
I feel that Merck creates unnecessary barriers for us to do our job well.  RAT tool, restrictions to programs, 12/HCP/year FFM rule, etc.  Marketing resources are getting better, however, I would like to see them available to us sooner when launching.
I think Merck can continue to evolve in this space with how programs are done live and virtually (allowing in person with limited restrictions, allowing program owner choice of speaker or at the very least academic vs community or MD vs mid-level, allowing virtual education/appointments across sites with the same customer, more ability to email content/mention subject of appointment request).
Company provides all the facilities to do the work with very comfortable
Hands tied behind back with numerous polices, RAT report. Our competitors are eating us for lunch and eating our lunch while we cancel appointments due to the 12  limit rule.
Requested inputs(patient awareness inputs) are not reaching us in time
THe policy 3 restrictions have severely impacted our ability to see our customers.  Also, from a virtual perspective, we do not have the resources that we need.
yes in terms of hardware/devices/network capacity. Given the high workload, more human resources would be welcome.
During this pandemic, the company is very slow to adjust to the current situation when it comes to the platforms our doctors are willing to be engaged. Aren’t we supposed to be the ones adjusting to their needs not the other way around? We are so firm in just using Veeva App in engaging them while other multinational companies are very open to other platforms such as messenger where it is faster and easier for the doctors.
My workload is too high and has been for quite a while. My manager is aware but does not know what to do about it.
Pushed to keep doing more with less. Will not be sustainable if changes are not made to our current ways of working.
IT systems and applications are a burden to job performance.  Many significant changes in enterprise applications occurred in late 2020 / early 2021, it seems to address the deficiences: MS Teams, QualityDocs, RED, etc. are being introduced concurrently, while underlying issues with network speed, PC speed, etc.  are still present.  No one cares that my laptop has 100% CPU utilization and 80% plus memory utilization, etc.  IT wants to implement the latest and greatest solution, such as MS Teams, which rolled out with no training or transition plan, and has not solved anything.  How about Knowledge Management?
Again, we need more resources to effectively communicate with providers in a virtual world.
We have a lot of resources but we are limited to what they can contain which puts us behind the eight ball compared to our competition.
Resource are allocated as per your personal relationship with manager not on reasonable arguments
As my position is new, proper training SOP needs to be inplace
- I do have resources but i still feel that we need more - No clear onboarding
Extremely short staffed. while this is somewhat being addressed in the long term as more staff are being hired, it will take time to train them. More can still be done long term by hiring more staff than we currently are.  There currently is no short term fix in place.
money to automate processes and get headcount are not available
Limitations while emailing customers is unacceptable.  I cant mention my product, disease state or anything that identifies me to a customer I do not know.  Customers don’t open our emails unless they already know us.  In this virtual environment, Merck puts all reps at a huge disadvantage with compliance restrictions.  Why cant we mention our product and include a PI? I cant email an oncology nurse with anything relevant that I need to discuss.  They are so busy they cannot take phone calls.  Plus the limitations on the new PDGs, vPDGs, etc are beyond acceptable.  Customers are getting angry with reps for bugging them via phone (because we are red on the RAT tool, or the offices are not letting reps in) as we attempt to get 10 RSVPs.  Most events are cancelled and some providers try to dial in only to find no program.  They are accustomed to RSVPing at the last minute or not at all but still planned to attend.
I feel we are resource challenged.  The company doesn't reset resources to align with the changing priorities.
Resource availability has improved in the last few years.
Our NBE team has adding a number of great and supportive resources, that aid in both virtual and follow up to direct interactions.
Too many technology issues and constant changing of programs slows down productivity.
There is a strong variety of resources to help support our jobs, along with , our customers needs.
Would like to have a working relationship with medical team. Need a laptop.
We are very limited on resources due to compliance
Equipment is always a limiting factor of our performance
I am impeded by too much process that doesn't bring value to the business and there are activities/problems that need to be solved that aren't because we are too siloed, too function/matrix heavy, and there is too much management tax that doesn't bring value to the business
Ongoing bullying and favoritism within team.  Many people form team have left and are looking to leave due to the bullying and bias (including myself).  Direct report manager does not action reports of poor behaviour and attitude of 'favourite' staff members and blame shifts to the victims.  Victims feel unable to speak up and has impacted their mental health both at work and am home.
Recognition and Rewards --- differentiation of recognition from various functional team which some are generous and some are not.   Long Service Awards >10 years are depressing as compared to other MNC.  Not sure if MSD/MERCK discourages employee to stay loyal and work beyond 10 years milestone?
work life balance. balance between physical and mental health. not only for myself, it only works if the company supports such mindset
Money
My manager and CLTs have the final decision in all situation. Despite feedback that market is performing poorly, management does not want to accept.
I think these 3 will help or will be a factor on how i will work well.  I need a good health to be able to work well or even exceed what is expected of me. by doing so I would be able to contribute a lot to the company n terms of on time and efficient deliveries of my work.
1. Financial Benefits 2. Growth Opportunities
Leaders that I have interacted so far including my current manager tend to put in a lot of effort in managing up until the extend the free flow of information is filtered and compromised. This is a great concern as messages that reach senior management is what the leaders think the senior management want to hear and prefer.
Many times I worry about my team members, whether they will stay in MSD for long time since we can't predict the business results during this COVID time. the sales results is not consistent because of the pandemic. I'm afraid that MSD will decide to end the team in the future. Due to the WFH mode, we also have longer working time and it's quite difficult to separate private and professional life.
Questions are not welcome
It has become challenging at this Pandemic. Situation
Increments ( Not as per performance). Equating is the policy of the company. Giving everyone something is not logical but discriminating people who have done well.
Very immature  Area Bussiness Manager
Work-life balance
My teams growth and post pandemnic / WFH arrangements longer term
Long term vision of our company and especially in the area of digital health strategy
priorities, workload, efficiency, quality of work
organization not working together to new solutions, and not taking responsibility for the complete site, but only for themselves. No service or efficient working and giving people responsibilities which have no expertise and do not know the way. Therefore local different or no solution for same problem.
Personal development in the form of a study with company support.
My professional development
Work/Life balance
LT decisions being made in isolation and low (visible) focus on Talent Development
Being able to develop my role both personally and professionally, this is something I have implemented myself already but due to resource and time constraints, the needs of the business, I don't feel this will be addressed as I would want. I am in conversation with my manager and have highlighted this to HR also.
Work/life balance
Improvement at work - that I might be able to make an elaborated improvement plan regarding something we need badly, but it will be hard to implement it since you do not know the right persons all the time. Also, the level of implication when it comes to do changes for a better good differ and people might become reticent, and defensive since this will imply additional work/undoing something that was a used for years
Work Life Balance
Not being able to meet compliance requirements even though I do all I can to live up to the standards. Processes are not supported by automatic measures/tjeck ins but are left to random/manual tjeck ins. This is a big risk since things can fall in between two chairs.
Job opportunities.  Lack of opportunitIes will be the reason I leave MSD.
Getting promoted
That my efforts and hard work to ensure the teams wellbeing is noticed and valued by the team.
Be able to manage work life balance successfully
I’m most concerned about having the choice continue to work from home removed. I worry that this option will be taken away due to the desire of the MSD leadership team to have “more people coming into the office” to “connect”. Certain communications late last year removed the WFH option for part time workers as as example. Having the option to WFH is a very important matter to my continued ability to manage and enjoy work aT MSD.
Role certainty in the future given recent leadership changes. Expectations for travel when returning to work
work - life balance, metal health stress level
the Digital enforcement also requires resources and budget to maintain created digital solutions. This basics for system maintenance and IT support is not appropriately in place. It does give efficiencies, but there is a counter side on it that needs to be taken into account when promoting digital enforcement. Next to this in my opinion to many digital initiatives are taken will not aligning with each other. Feels like the wheel is invented by several different groups. Once COMET was the one version of the truth. Now we have many versions in different dashboards and tools outside of COMET. All slightly different. And digital future is only really efficient if the whole company works in a standard way. This is not the case yet, which results in exceptions that are not covered correctly in newly created dashboards.
a little too overboard with public comments about issues unrelated to health care
work life balance
being able to add real value and make a difference to patient lives with the indications to come and that we are able to secure NICE funding for the innovations that are in development. To be valued and respected by our HCP's
Work life balance, stress due to work, equality in the work place, recognition of value, value as an employee
i feel the company could do a better job including all people not just those minorities that are evident and fashionable . Being older at Merck is not fun
Professional Growth Opportunities
The 2 parties operate in parallel universes. One is committed to democracy and the rule of law. The other party is racist, homophobic,  misogynistic, anti-sematic, anti-democratic, xenophobic, and appears to want to see this country become a dictatorship.
The short-term vision, the operational-focus (and allocating and rewarding resources accordingly); and the unclear R&Rs/overlap between the teams
My salary is about $40,000 less than I would get at Pfizer or J&J. Merck needs to do better and quickly. Or I'll take my 20 years experience elsewhere.
Senior leaders are quick to put out statements in response to external events without considering facts and due diligence.  Many of the viewpoints align more with left-of-center values and rhetoric heard from most media. This disrespects, excludes and shuts down hearing from those who recognize that life is full of shades of gray and things are not black and white. To bring up a different viewpoint that is not in lock-step with mainstream thinking has the individual branded as a racist or homophobe or whatever term of the day is popular. This leads to people remaining silent, rather than sticking out their necks and fearing that they will lose their jobs unless they agree with the popular group-think.
With Covid and all the changes we have to deal with day t day. My manager doesn't care about people its all about business. I feel like each day can be my last day. when you have a micro manager who sees only what you don't do and not what you do get done, Most of our departments long time employees have bid out to get away from this form of management. This is because of a terrible manager and how people are treated. some managers should not have direct reports because they are just to harsh and self centered  , People are the companies best assets and it does not show in our department its only what they want you to hear. A micro manager will cause good people to flee and rest just wont care ..  And that's how it is now for us thank you for allowing me to share my feelings and concerns I also hope doing so doesn't cost  me my job retaliation is still a reality
Feeling burnt out. The site does NOT do well retaining talent. That leaves the people remaining to constantly pick-up extra work. Work and personal time are overlapping more and more.
Loss of work/life balance and continually increasing, unsustainable workload
Age discrimination. Older colleagues are not considered a priority and are provided less opportunities
Other: Work/life balance. It seems more and more that additional work is added when others leave the department or additional work is needed. It is troubling when it never ends. Seeing others put in 60+ hours consistently without change in sight. Short term is fine, but this has gone on much longer than expected.
Financial Security
lack of career progression
If Home Office will remain as a possibility to work, after the pandemic has ended or people became vaccinated. I personally believe that Home Office is the future as how we will work and I am enjoying the flexibility Home Office provides on the work-life-balance. For me this is something essential that makes the company attractive or not as a employer.
Success in a new role
I am most concerned about the constant barrage of political commentary from the highest levels of the company. It has been made obvious time and again the political leanings of our CEO and understood that there is no disagreement permitted. It has become a troubling environment to work in adding more stress to an already highly, stress-filled job.
Continuing to feel challenged in my current role.
I feel that the company is promoting younger women and minorities leaving out the older tenured employees. Giving promotions to people who really do not deserve it just because the company is trying to meet numbers to satisfy the outside culture
Workload, expectations and burnout
Mental Health
I think that Senior Management are duplicitous when it comes to managing stress, on one hand they say "do everything you can to make sure you don't burn out" and on the other they pile on the work and expect it to get done. The working environment has become a lot more bad tempered as a result.
retaliation by management
career growth and development opportunities
gun violence in the US is out of control
Using contracted groups sometimes feels like we are doing more work, as we have to manage every metric.  In-house contractors were much easier.
During Pandemic work / life balance can be challenging while continuing to work from home.
Legal restrictions that aren’t industry wide.
Being paid commensurate to others at other companies
I love our company and it's mission.  I'm proud to work at Merck, and believe in the work we do.  It saddens me how politics and healthcare have co-mingled at our company and in our country.  I respect our CEO, and empathize with his causes--which are also my own, and I know we are aware that our customers may see it differently--and in some cases have limited our access because of our comments made in the media.  The field needs preparation when controversial actions such as condemning the new GA voting law are made public.  Accurate and specific facts on why we feel it was deemed discriminatory would be helpful--especially when media sound bites confuse the issue amongst our customer base and employees.  I'm not saying we should stop taking a stance--I think that's important--but the field has no comment with agitated customers, and that can impede us from driving results.
Feeling valued and respected.
Often jobs are not given to the most qualified - but to those that have been here the longest and have the advocacy/mentors to speak on their behalf.  Unless you are 'heritage Merck'... its hard to advance in the company, particularly if you are a woman.  You resume from experience outside of Merck is not valued (ie: Yes, you've been a sales manager, but not here at Merck!, yes you've build digital systems/platforms and managed a team, but not here at Merck).. its very discouraging and leads people to depart Merck after being here only a short time.
Having enough time to perform my job at the highest level
how to best balance work and family life
career development and visibility for opportunities
Merck is supposed to be able to support employees working remoting due to current home schooling and no child care programs with remote work ability; but, when it comes to audit/inspection support employees are told they must come on site and not given remote options to digitally support the audit/inspection instead.  Most audit inspection support roles can be performed successfully remotely but employees are not feeling or hearing that is an option for these roles.  This causes a lot of stress for working care givers that at the present time don't have a lot of options.
CEOs of any major corporation, including Merck, should not be making public statements about decisions that are better left to the people and their elected representatives.  I do hope Merck remains "neutral" in the future except to dialogue with elected officials regarding decisions that directly impact our business of developing and delivering life saving drugs to the market at reasonable prices.
equal opportunity for receiving job promotion
level of workload an stress in the company is high and increasing. Although we have resources to try to mitigate these topics (Live it, balance it, fuel it etc...) it is just not sufficient. The level of workload remains the same for long time and it is expected to keep on increasing. We can´t be doing the same and more with same resources. In addition, more and more mandatory "small topics" are added into our daily tasks such as SfC, MyLearning, reporting tools, etc....as a company we need to focus on things adding value to our products and customers
career development within my organization are my contributions truly appreciated?
The amount of work I accomplished in 2020 was extraordinary, I received the 'out perform' rating on my review. I look back and wonder if it was worth it, my usual day starts at 7 AM, I am routinely in meetings all day long with little time to think or work in a thoughtful manner. I know this is not sustainable but I feel as though I have been doing this for so long it had become the norm. I am overwhelmed and exhausted.
I am getting ready to relocate per my hiring agreement from late last year.  My concern is that there will be sufficient consideration given for work/life balance to allow time for me to see to the home sale, moving, drive half way across the country with my pets, and looking for a new home on the east coast without being overly stressed or using all my vacation time.
The ability to move up.
I am very happy and proud to work for Merck.
Mental Health
Thinking about future of the company, we seem to speak (and celebrate) a lot of our pipeline investments/acquisitions, but it seems our public news is more about program discontinuations than exciting new opportunities. Compound that with the season of leadership transition and I'm most worried/unsure about where we are headed.
Uncertainty about the future of Merck with leadership changes, lack of communication from/connection to the Executive Committee as changes occur
I feel like Merck tries to address politics too much - this is a place of work and politics should not play in to it as much as the company pushes it when it is not directly related to the pharmaceutical industry and/or clinical trials or manufacturing of our pipeline.  Yes, there are issues in the country and the world, but I do not come to work to have to hear about those items even more than the news already addresses them.  If it is not directly affecting Merck and our role in the world to bring new therapies to patients and continue the successful and safe manufacturing of our current pipeline, we do not need to constantly have emails about the issues in the country/world.
Better work/life balance
future product development or the lack of product development specifically in Dairy monitoring MAHI
Work / life balance
I am concerned about professional development.   Many of the peer companies I work with have a role of Senior Director.  We do not have a corresponding role and I feel I have to leave the company to be recognized for my skills, professional maturity, and role.
I'm not particularly concerned about any one thing and am accustomed to dealing with change. However, we live in an increasingly stressful world of our own making. It is increasingly difficult to focus and engage meaningfully with people. Those are the things I'm most concerned about.
Knowing that cutbacks are coming is disturbing.
D&I being used to stifle diversity of thoughts and opinions. Merck CEO being too outspoken about politics.
The prejudice and injustice in our country and the seeming inability of government to get any work done due to the extreme polarization of the parties and the mentality of self and not the greater good.
In past few months I was dealing with family care issues and my manager and whole team were very supportive ( beyond expectations)
1, Executing new initiatives requires the use of existing resources which is very challenging in managing day to day priorities. 2. Merck should not provide political commentary and remain neutral so all employees feel inclusive.
My biggest concern is not be recognized for 20 yrs plus of service WITHOUT EVER being moved up in level/pay.  I'm barely beyond novice, entry level pay/position for my length of service.  This will fall on deaf ears as well, but you asked!
Upcoming life changes and long distance move.
I was transferred to other city and I have to travel every week to stay with my family. Few monts ago,  two new CRAs start working from vendors to MSD and they were located in my original city but I continuos working in other city despite to request to be transferred.
Excessive workload.  Important study meetings cover majority of work day therefore actual work is done on personal evening time.  Management acknowledges workload verbally with little action to address workload.  Upper management continues to add more studies to workload without adequate resources, What is more important employee welfare or satisfying upper management goals.  New hires are brought on late, insufficient time to mentor.  Large # of new employees - balancing workload and mentoring is challenging.  Covid has increased the stress on employees across multiple functional areas and no solution is in sight.
Ability to advance my career to leadership. I do not see opportunity.
Strategic direction of my functional area
Seeing the other side of the current transitions that are in process.
work life balance
Meeting customer and field reps needs with current restrictions
Merck’s political involvement can be negatively perceived by customers
simply too much division in the country, and people feed on an 'us-them' mentality. Merck does a great job of creating a sense of purpose and belonging in a crazy world
Impact of COVID19 on Health Care delivery over the next couple of years.
Career Planning
Too many procedures
Getting back out into the field to make a better impact on customers and patients
Stress and work life balance. We are very under resourced and it is impacting team Morale. The senior leadership at the top level is not aligned with the  stress levels and work load on the ground, as the overall message is not reflective of the challenges we are facing and resource constraints.
Mass Shootings
working at home due to the pandemic - there is no work/life balance - meetings are being scheduled for all times of the day and night - people expect answers to their emails sent at 9 and 10:00 at night - there is no time off - even when one tries to take a day off, there is no coverage and one ends up logging in on the day off - or working 12-14 hours the day after a day off to keep up with everything. I would love to have some vacation where I don't have to log in and take care of work during the vacation.
(1) Lack of empowerment and trust (multiple reviews/layers of approvals) that slows down decision-making (2) Limited career progression opportunities if you are not well networked or "in-the-circle" with senior leaders; the leaders are not willing to take a risk on people with diverse experiences/backgrounds (3) The performance management program/process that continues to be subjective: in a high-performing team, how is it that only ONE person is deemed high-performer? And how can two people focused on delivering totally different business outcomes be compared? The current structure promotes mediocrity and not excellence - it is demotivating
Work/Life balance to avoid burnout
Home / personal life balancing.
Hostile work environment/All employees extremely overloaded with work
Lack of community at the site
Amount of work the org has taken on versus the need to cut costs is over whelming. Seems counter intuitive to be giving up so much value-added work for the sake of few resources. Always a struggle to comprehend. The value of work that can be done with impactful number of resources far outweighs the cost of hiring
work life integration
Management will throw you under the bus in my department and there are a bunch of sorority sisters equated to "Mean Girls" that need to be eradicated from the department. If you aren't in the "In" crowd, then you are definitely stepped on and belittled every opportunity. And there is no one to talk to for guidance in this matter. It's an awful feeling and is very depressing to have to work under these women. I have never hated my job more than I do today and I have been with the company for many years.
My salary and bonuses are much lower at Merck than the same Regulatory position at other pharmaceutical companies.
To get me and my family vaccinated during this pandemic. To have a better health insurance. To be able to provide quality time to my family.
career opportunities
Delivering Results to meet PPO expectations... Lower potential for bonuses
multiple layers of communication, bureaucracy and slow decision making
Company losing focus on what is most important.
Balancing work/family/household/outside responsibilities
Covid related.
Price controls and the former administrations pharma policy before leaving office.
Covid restrictions - really hampers how we do business.
Forcing us to travel before it is safe. I see a lot of mangers putting pressure on their teams. Too many rules are being bent/broken. It keeps getting worse.
staying connected
the pandemic - long term impacts of it and return to normal (ish) whenever that might be
I love working remotely.  My anxiety is gone.  My neck pain is much better.  I hope the company adapts a hybrid work week for those of us who prefer to work remotely in a drama free environment.
More Technical Learning courses should be available in Learning app
Few people to do the work of many. Results in longer hours and worse work-life balance.
Concerns about plans for return to in-person work and shared space, in light of the pandemic - shared space is undesirable
I am concerned that my division of vaccines is not moving in a positive direction.  I feel like we are worrying about things that get in the way of calling and selling to customers. I really miss Mike Meehan and his vision.
Financial Security
Working in the lab during the pandemic has been incredibly stressful.  It's a lose-lose scenario.  There is tremendous pressure to generate data per usual, while the bulk of MRL works from home impatiently waiting for the data to roll in.  We are struggling trying to staff through COVID exposures and need to quarantine outside of work, and at work.  The stress is relentless.  When I try to advocate for staff at year end reviews, I'm told we're not innovative and have no signature accomplishments beyond doing what we've always done.  translation; we are taken for granted.
Relationship
One big concern is the ability to balance my work and family time
Work-life balance remains more difficult since the pandemic.  For me there is some improvement since the worst period May-Aug 2020, but still a challenge.  More meeting times, zoom fatigue, and less time for strategic thinking.
Anticipated upcoming reorganization
Medical affairs doesn't provide it's employee with enough opportunities to develop. Also, regardless of hardwork there's a few channels to get to the next level of the career. Sometimes openly talking about career ambitions is a stigma. It would be good if this situation changes worldwide and talented medical colleagues get a chance to follow their dreams
The flexibility to work from home is extremely important to eliminate the anxiety of Covid-19 exposure
Achieving career aspiration & Personal growth,
my career
Work load, future pay increases and they have been minimal yet personal costs increased substantially.
I feel that Covid-19 and restricted business expenses have lessened the opportunity for professional development to further improve and expand my skill sets.
For the last years we see a negative change in the amount of people starting on temporarily base, these people have no prospect in getting a permanent position. In this way we don't keep the knowledge in the department since the most experienced people leave to other departments due to natural outflow. These positions are filled up with temporarily contracts but when these people get offers in other companies they have no reason to stay in our department since they most likely will not end up having a permanent job in BTS. Very sad to see we have a lot of talented colleagues who struggle with the above.
The environmental crisis is a time bomb. If politics and companies don't take care now of this subject more seriously and work intensively on the subject , it will be a disaster in the coming years. I would like to see Merck/MSD more involves in this one.
World Economy / Balance Deficit
Workload and -pressure
Too few people are asked to do way too much with really poor planning. Big changes and ambitions are not matched with the resources and robust plans to achieve them, which means ultimately the ambitions are not reached and the belief in the leadership fails. Morale really is at rock bottom at the moment.
Company culture and openness (being frank, being bold, being consistent between communications and actions)
Organisational changes that are coming
work-life balance, it's encouraged by MSD and my manager/team but I am working on trying to find more things to do in my personal life (lockdown has made it difficult ) so that I don't work in my free time
work life balance
Mental health and psychological safety
I had a very successful year in 2020 and bonus was taken away from me to give to those who were not successful. I would have won the VP award and trip. I feel that a company bringing in billions could afford to pay bonus to those below plan without taking it from us above plan.
That leaders in my organization are stressed and create more stress further down in the organization by micromanaging and controlling rather than trusting and encouraging. It's sad as MSD is such an amazing company that I would otherwise gladly stay with. We have a leadership team that have done an fantastic job in keeping everybody well-informed and safe during the pandemic. But there is room for improvement in terms of trust in the senior management.
That we may all rally to our common human values, experience our human emotions as they are and approach our common issues with method and reason
We are too focused on perception. ' Be seen to do and say the right things'. We look to govern completely by policy and procedure when something goes wrong which affects many instead of tackling the offender in an individual basis. Sometimes ' an earful 'can work wonders!
Concerned about the inexperienced leadership leading our therapeutic areas in the discovery area and the reduction in budget in my area so that it is difficult to support and advance the pipeline.
workload, stress, anxiety
Trying to reduce gross to net on the back of the independent vets back while we continue to drastically increase discounts to even the smallest corporate groups
maintaining work/life balance.  Not everything can be a top priority.  Something needs to be 2nd, 3rd, 4th, etc.......    Not always, but consistently we are living in a space where everything that we are working on can not wait.  it is taking an emotional and mental toll on folks.
Our site does not have enough resources to handle all the new initiatives and expectations coming down from the corporate level especially with regard to QSIP.  However, our site needs to keep our production costs low since our product line cannot support increased costs.  From my perspective QSIP has not gone back to basics and simplified activities.  Instead QSIP has increased the complexity, the tools provided are not flexible enough to handle the diversity of production activities (an API site has different activities than a packaging site), and more resources (or higher skilled resources) are needed to use the tools.
Meeting performance expectations
Work/Life Balance
For other:  future of my career & next steps
Within my department, my team is comprised of 2 people which can make the workload at times overbearing. If one person is on vacation or sick, the entire workload falls on one person which can make the day/week stressful knowing everything falls on you or that person. Having another team member to help reduce some of the burden would make the work life as a whole less stressful.
The value the company puts on my area/team
There is an uneven balance in some roles on site. My Manager is overloaded and does not have time to complete task in his role as outlined above in low scoring areas, all middle management positions  roles are overloaded compared to other sites. Development and Training is very low due to time constraints.
Pandemic ending and getting back to normal
I am not necessarily concerned about any of these topics but they are always on my mind.  Not in a way that affects my work or family life but in a way that it makes me more aware of them and the need to communicate these things with my husband and children.
In my opinion we still need to improve the points:  Prejudice with age Work overload.
Concerned about the way Merck is supporting political events in an unbalanced way.
Anxiety due to ongoing pandemic
It is my sincere hope that Merck continues to be a leading corporate voice against racism and inequality after Ken's departure and remains committed to diversity and inclusion efforts such as the OneTen Initiative
The type of work requires daily urgent responses to email questions, urgent responses to supply situations that are typically placed on staff below the director level to respond. Its very difficult to take vacation (even 1 day out of office) without having to worry about urgent issues arising. Stressful even on vacation as typically urgent situations arise that require response while out of office.  Systems are getting better but the processes still need to improve. Job aids, user guides need to be improved.  Current job aids, user guides could be as long as 30 pages and 4-5 job aids/user guides per system.  Job aides /user guides should be less then 5 pages..  Also business process webpage is better but still needs a lot of improvement organizationally.
A big concern is lack of recognition on my job.
Becoming first time home buyer
Compensation
the workload and how to feel relax even when I have tons of emails pending and work to do
Merck should be more actively supporting diversity and inclusion: implicit bias training for managers, focused recruitment from diverse schools, etc.
In general the company is a great company to work, I can say that it is the best company I have worked for, ( Others are P&G and Zenith lab Caribe Ivax). However, top management at the plant need to deep into the shop floor to here and execute  recommendation.
Most concerned about staying healthy as in metal health.  Work/life balance has been challenging to say the least.  The hours required to get the job done is not sustainable in the long term (12/13/14 hours per day- not every day, but on more days than I'd like to count).  PMs are restructuring and hiring additional PMs to share in the increased workload.  That should trickle down to other departments (like finance) who support these PMs.
I worry about my mental health due to my department management
too many priorities
Our (site) ability to perform and deliver to our customers.
Personal Circumstance uncertainty
I feel that the company leaders have become very political. Companies are not voting entities in the US and I feel pressure to conform to the  political ideology of the corporate leaders. I feel that if I were to share my true opinions on these topics I would be punished.
work/life balance
Salary inequities
The overall effect of the pandemic on people's day to day lives.
Digital tools bring need out need to be supported and flexible. Eg Kneat and eVal
Other = climate change
Negative economic impact on household income
How to advance in my career but also being part of this organization.
Financial Security
Managing Work-Life Balance and Stress from Job related to challenges of remote engagement
Salary expectations in my home country
Future health of Merck's pipeline and some weak leadership at upper levels.
Let us come back to the office.  The lack of F2F meetings and interpersonal accessibility has a material impact on our quality and volume of work.
Finances are always a concern.  Would love to see Merck do another assessment of base salaries (not bonus/commission), and reward employees who have several years of Oncology experience with a higher base salary.  I know with 100% confidence that with my 5 years of Oncology experience at Merck, I could now leave Merck and make a minimum of $20-$25K more on my base salary by joining any number of other large and stable pharma companies in Oncology.
I have really enjoyed having Ken Frazier as our CEO but I do feel that he has become much more prominent in the political arena.  I feel like all the politics is many us a more divided country.
pay and opportunity for promotion within the organization and my specific functional area.
the environment
Not able to go somewhere else to work. Working from home 100% of the time is daunting.
Family, staying healthy and the job security are my points due to the very anoying moment we are living, with all the stress of the Pandemia, and the fact that we are not in good terms to keep our loved ones safer.
Work life balance
Divisiveness that seems to permeate our society today.  This division seems to prevent constructive and candid conversations that can bring about solutions.  Additionally, the pandemic is hard on us as adults, but also hard on our kids.  We want to keep everyone safe and physically healthy, but also want to make choices that are good for the mental and emotional health of our family.  There is extra anxiety about so many decisions.   But, I am so thankful for vaccines and that my husband, myself and our parents have all been vaccinated!
Our GCM change control system is so complex to use and understand (especially for New Products) and this has caused many to leave.  My product is moving into the GCM space and I'm already feeling the anxiety of having to use this system in fear of making a mistake and the repercussions that will follow. It seems that we should be able to make a system that supports compliance and change control more user friendly so that we all can have confidence in our regulatory assessments. I have made many process improvements of systems that need to be improved, unfortunately this is not my area of expertise so I can't offer a solution, but it seems that before we lose more people to complicated/labor intensive systems, we would put more resources into making GCM change control better for our CMC teams.
1. work life balance, i still see many people working late into the night, emails being sent over the weekends. understand there was a period of time when lunch time meeting, sending emails during off working hours is discourage, but it seems like the culture is still there.  2. Compensation / benefits. Are we well compensated? Heard that salary adjustment are for ppl who are in the lower tier for the salary range, how about those who are out of the range but are working hard, are being recognised, but are not able to promote due to department structure? 3. Live it program has really limited exercise activities for us to participate. suggest to have a more flexible way for employees to workout. eg, able to attend external activities near our home and will be claimable to a certain amount?  4. Childcare. Will we be able to convert our MCs for our child's MC? With SHN being issued (usually 5 days) to sick kids, we will end up having not enough leave.  Will be good to have a flexibility.
Social Interaction; virtual collaboration; return to the workplace
My area has been implementing quality and metric controls (that in essence is good and I am supportive) but is not capable to make structural changes to meet these demands in the same speed. There is an unbalance between number of people who ask you to comply with these quality controls and only one scientist that will answer for all these demands (in essence, there is a lack of admin employees and study managers). The result is daily work journey of 14 hours + extra hours weekend  because we need to comply with objectives included in scorecard or LT metric objectives.
COVID and it's consequences to travel for work and holidays.
Too much processes and responsibility at subsidiary level.
Being able to effectively work my business within the constraints of the Pandemic
Locally, our department of health ordered mandatory home office due to the global issue. Yet managers keep on wanting to have face to face interaction and personal presence due to their personal preferences. I feel like we have no right to speak up against that even though it is so easy to get infected. I am also constantly stressed by all the micro-managing and patronizing as well as all the metrics tracking. Especially the way a competitive culture is established where only the countable output is important, not the quality of work anymore, is severely going against my personal value system and increases my stress levels to an unhealthy state.
Work life balance. Workload too great for sustained periods.
Level of inclusion within site and lack of succession planning
Q17 - Decisions are made at the appropriate levels in the organization - I will reiterate = decisions are being made in "SILO"s.  There has to be an improvement on holistic decision making.  A cost savings in one division can easily create a cost increase in another division.   Q19 - Divisions work together...The answer is the same as Q17...recent activity shows this is NOT happening.  Example = Product Development, Scaleup & Launch = There is a specific disconnect between R&D, BTS/Scale-Up, Production within Animal Health.  The creation of the BTS Tech Hub is a step in the right direction.   Q21 - This is a "kind" way of asking if I can find ways to work with fewer resources.  My answer of "agree" is NOT a positive answer. Q24 - Digital Technologies Questions - Suggests that digital is an answer for a lot of things.  At a manufacturing site, digital tech / communication cannot replace hands on personnel.
I am gravely concerned with the political activism that's permeated Merck and our societies corporate and political structure.  I've been at Merck for 30 years and have never experienced racial inequities within our organization nor it's practices.  This 'woke' activism is dividing our society and aimed at broader political motives that I do not serve the long-term objectives of Merck or it's mission.  Our environment had become offensive and oppressive and I feel helpless as the rise of marxism is upon us.  To watch Ken Fraser at Joe Biden's press conference, speak to his 'amazing leadership' was not only obviously disingenuous, but down right contemptuous towards half of our customers!  Shameful!
I believe in people being treat with respect and not be judged as a group but as individuals.  I do however resent our CEO make a decision that included all employees as inferred agreement.  My view on life are mine and ask to be respected to allow me to maintain my individual values.   If our CEO wishes to participate in politics he should do so as an individual and not speak for others.  He has failed to respect the individual's rights to believe what they believe.  This action was disrespectful to those who may not agree but representing his actions as those of the entire Merck community.
I think our company has been too vocal on one side politically.  In the spirit of diversity and inclusion, by people at the top being so clearly on one side of the aisle...it alienates HALF or more of the employees.  It is very stressful to be on the “other side of the aisle” at this company ALL of us feel that.
With the Organon split, the future is uncertain.
Pending site closure & trying to return to a sense of normalcy post-COVID
Stagnation of career, working in a toxic environment.
Other is "Fair and equal compensation in line with current market rates"
Ensure MRK stays focused on our mission.
Being able to actually execute on the work being asked to do.
Overall impact of COVID on my child from education and social aspects.
Work life balance
Other=Work/Life balance
Basesd on current condition in Pharmacy industry, what is the future strategy and position of HEDA plant in China?
Salary and other benefits
Work life balance
Work / Life balance
How I can continue most interesting projects and roles for me in this organization.
medical benefits (outpatients) - below market
Nothing
The long distance from office to my home.
Opportunities for development and growth
Fiercer competition at local market makes current way of business practice under huge pressure and supporting functions and compliance cannot provide adequate system update to support business.
We need to return back to the offices. We must see each other and be social.
Feeling isolated at work
Lack of resources (adequate staff in bottleneck areas) are impacting our client experience, and it's not within my power solve  the client problems, so i'm beholden to people who are dealing with a mountain of work to complete these tasks
work life balance
I'm not comfortable in speaking up during meeting
Leadership are currently no good role models. They are using phrases like "ways of working", fortify our future" and "diversity and inclusion" as empty phrases, but are NOT acting according to it. This starts to reflect down on the basic employees, who actually meet customers and do the work
Professional Growth
career opportunities and support
One of my concerns is, coming from a very small market, I may not have the same chances for an international career and advancement as someone who comes from a big market
opportunities in the MSD world
Work Life Balance; Where do I go next within the company
Work life balance
Financial Health
Merck is a science  fact base driven company,   but I am concern that our  corporate executive leadership is too eager to follow/join the cause/issue of the day on emotion without the critical analysis to understand all aspects and facts.
Increasing workload
I'd like to develop further and am not sure, there will be the possibility to do that within the company.
stress from job/project, upward mobility
Innovation at Merck at levels
Headcount - failure to fill openings that represent 1/2 of our team plus our manager's development rotation and supplementing openings with only temporary fill-ins places more stress on the existing team and risks the rigor and consistency of the audit program
Family
I am very concerned about that plan to move to Rahway and the open space model of office design, it’s impact on Merck’s culture, whether it will be functional and efficient space, whether employees will feel safe post - covid, and it the Company understands the implications of going to this model.  Studies show that open space reduces collaboration and is highly unpopular amongst teams, and most have moved away from it.  Though the “hybrid” work model does seem to be the right concept going forward, when combined with open space, it creates a very different dynamic.
Large headcount reduction (MMD's current policy of achieving profitability through people reduction, with no adjustment for the workload). This is also leading to collapse of our foundation base (knowledge, competency, actual effective training and understanding of procedures and science). MMD is in a state of ruthless prioritization and the items mentioned are the items being dropped/deprioritized. Products are being filed with errors in the filing because no one has time to properly focus attention, connect with manufacturing staff, gain proper reviews. If asked, the response is that there are no resources. MMD is not flowing resources/finding resources to protect against these holes which eventually damage us.
Clear expectations.
Career success
The COVID pandemic.  Protecting the environment.
Mental wellbeing and work-life balance.    It is so very difficult to manage workload + family balance right now.   Meeting after Meeting for many team members is difficult when children are at home as well.
It seems unbalanced when promotions are given. More tribal Merck employees or connected employees are given promotions regardless of experience. I do not believe outside experience is valued in the manner it should be over Merck legacy employees and opportunities are harder to achieve.
Balance of workload.  Way too much work interfearing with personal life.
Feeling relaxed and comfortable. This place is not good for my mental health.
I hope home office will be an option post-pandemic as well.
I am nearing the end of my career but the company does not appear to want to have the discussion about what next for me, what next for my role. There is no talk of succession planning . I question whether we are inclusive of older employees wishes
Workload (balancing work & personnal life)
work - life balance
Promotion and growth in respect of pay raise and also appreciation or award culture is not here.
Not working 12 hours a day and having time to spend with my family
amount of changes at the leadership level
Getting back to see customers.  Nothing will replace in-person engagements with customers.
capacity, workload and lack of resources/staffing
Finding a good work-life balance
keeping up with the pace while providing high quality work
Merck needs to keep its nose out of politics that do not impacts its core businesses
Opportunities for promotionNot
work/life balance
The negative direction exclusively metrics driven decisions made by management/upper management are taking our company.  DRAIN THE SWAMP!
Balancing a healthy lifestyle with the requirements of the role, however this is not a criticism of the role. I think more investment in health convenience would help alot - vending machines with healthy food, an onsite gym.
General state of the country/world and the gradual shift toward extremism vs being in the middle, understanding all sides and coming together.
Work life balance
managing work responsibilities and balancing work with personal/family life
Politics and the vocabulary used currently in mainstream culture has begun (naturally) to show up in D&I Merck seminars/discussions.  I am concerned that some of the discussions may not be inclusive of all opinions.  I do hope that Merck continues to carefully consider how it's approaching some of the difficult topics being discussed right now.  These conversations are so important and there is so much discord in our country.  In order to bring about the most effective change, I would like to see Merck consider that we have liberal and conservative colleagues in our company.  Leaning too far in one direction may have negative consequences if people feel attacked for their beliefs or unable to express their thoughts.  It's a delicate matter which I have started to see creep into some of the D&I work, so i just want us to be thoughtful as a company.
with the pandemic and the mandatory work from home, there was a strong request to allow work from abroad for employees: I don't think it was understood how important was that for employees life balance.
my work-life balance and personal well being while working from home
I feel the company gets too involved in politics and racial injustice issues especially in the us.  Other countries have way larger issues with both racial and political issues but go largely ignored.
Merck should remain focused on science, not politics. I am most concerned about our company getting too politics and speaking for ALL employees. I don't feel like Christians are well represented as a group within Merck.
Managing work life balance is difficult as there are so many tasks to perform and I am not very good at saying "no" and concerned how this would impact the teams ability to get tasks completed on time. Concerned that I don't always give my children all the time I should be giving them when I work in evenings or feel down about work loads to consume
The fact that racial injustice and politics are on this list is demonstrative of my concerns.  Our CEO who takes a public stand against a GA law that is less restrictive that the voting laws in our NJ hq is concerning.  We take issue with anything race related that occurs but ignore the imprisonment of Uighurs in a country we continue to invest vast sums in. Our diversity training has become solely focused on skin color and calling others out.  It’s Critical Race Theory in practice and it’s divisive.  The ubiquitous D & I training is racist and offensive.
Being able to get meaninglful satisfaction from coming to work each day.
Work/life balance- always a challenge!
work/life balance
SOMETIMES UNFAIR DECSIONS OR INSPIRES DISTRIBUTION TO SOME EMPLOYEES THAT  CAN LEAD SOME UNSATISFACTION AND DEMPOTIVATION IN THE ENTIRE TEAM. MANAGERS SHOULD BE CAREFUL TO BE THE MOST IMPARTIAL THEY CAN DO!
Work/Life balance
I'm not convinced the necessary changes to eliminate process, bureaucracy, micro-management, and slow decision making will change with the new leadership.
There is always so much work to be done with our jobs. Working remotely allows us more time to be online and connected to work, which increases our productivity. The problem I have, and others on my team have as well, is stepping away from it.  Creating that "end of day" or "lunch" instead of logging on again after dinner or working thru lunch is important.  Striking a balance with work hours is more challenging.
I´m concerned about the stress and  the time availability for personal life
My manager is amaizing, she take care about all of the group and she allways listen what every one have to say and take the better solution to every one, is a very good manager and leader.  In the area, are some persons that don´t know how to work as a team, and some times in my role we feel like harassed, that we are being watched to see where we are wrong and that the other roles make this evident, but noy in a good way, always looking for a culprit, instead of solving and learning from mistakes.
Too many high priority projects and few resources
I seem to have more projects than time. Working a lot of weekends.
Being able to strike a good and right balance between work and family.
work life balance while working from home.
The lack of support to help priotistise work load and projects coming from above site  for those on the fornt line making the product day to day.
I'm concerned about personnel shortages, on multiple shifts, and there doesn't seem to be a desire to fill the open spots on the production floor.  I can't perform my job, like I want to, due to filling in for people we don't have on the production floor, therefore my training is not being completed unfortunately.  Which in the end, makes me look like I'm not doing what I'm supposed to be doing, but it seems like running production with fewest heads possible is the business plan for 2021.
personal (extended) family issues
I am very concerned about the very poor work/life balance which requires 60 hour every week.  Every time we lose colleagues to external jobs, there is more work piled upon the current PMs.   There is no outsourcing, or infilling. It is very discouraging.  There is also a strong subjective bias to promote and reward Keytruda team members more consistently than any other project space.  It is well documented within our department, based upon recent promotions.  It has been identified by other folks from Merck departments, as well.
The lack of true proactive execution of diversity and inclusion from Merck leadership.
There seems to be a lot of changes with retirement or individuals moving to new companies. These changes concern me since there are a good amount of them and it gives me worry for all the change all at once. What does that mean for employees who remain.
Education
Career progression
There has been a lot of turnover in Oncology field sales. Lots of reps/managers are leaving. It’s very unsettling when positions are not being back filled. There are lots of rumors around restructure - it would be great to have more transparency around this issue and acknowledgement of the mass exodus of OSRs and the reason behind it.
Personal Growth
Emotional healthy
Opportunities for growth
true fairness and access for people of color or other minority groups.
I’m concerned about job security because of the announcement that was made stating that college degrees were no longer a requirement for various field based employees, which devalues existing employees, and will most certainly lower wages.  I’m concerned about the long term viability within Merck for Caucasian males, since it appears there is no representation with any network, like there are for various minorities, and even the Women’s network. Our US media and Merck CEO tells us there is systemic racism in our country and  even within Merck.  In my opinion the creation of all of these subgroups just causes more divisiveness.  Why would a male want to attend a Women’s network meeting or a female ever want to attend a Men’s network meeting?  Does this mean women can start using men’s restrooms in HQ and vice versa.....or will we soon just drop the gender reference all together, and any restroom can be used by all?!
The regulatory changes that are taking place in the country, as well as the restructuring due to the separation of the companies give a certain air of uncertainty even when one tries to be the most resilient and optimistic.
My career path.
I’m most concerned about advancing in my career.  I’m performing well.  Unfortunately, my current manager is not an advocate for career advancement.  Two people have recently left my team.  I’m next.
Would like to work a bit less
The imbalance among roles in the department.
Merck still hasn’t fully adopted/accepted ideas shared from different people across the organization.  Old school Merck way of doing things still overrides everything.  If change is really wanted, start by implementing MANAGER FEEDBACK that is directly tied to PPO.  As field employees, not being able to provide manager feedback to your manager sets a tone that employee imput does not matter as well as change.  When manager feedback is part of their PPO, it starts to eliminate unnecessary obstacles and forces leadership to use the customer mindset by treating their employees as their customers which results in actual change.
Trying to get my work priorities completed
Balanced work load among team members
Merck's future given the external pressures on healthcare budgets and our performance (or lackthereof) throughout COVID
IMPACT OF THE PASSAGE TO ORGANON WILL HAVE ON MY WORK AND JOB SITUATION
I am very concerned how political focused Merck is becoming.  I see political and social focus becoming the central point of focus now for many teams versus other issues that may really be impacting our healthcare professionals and patients.  We are losing focus on our business by over swinging on politics and social issues.  The company also isn't very open to moderate and conservative perspectives. People should feel every bit as free to express those opinions without risking their job but I don't think that is the case.  This is why I think we should back away from being so political and keep more of our focus on our common mission for patients and providers which really builds a team environment
Volume of work and market pay for the work I perform.
-Impact from Sars-CoV-2-pandemic  -Development of the pandemic since limited acceptance of restrictions locally and globally -Negative impact from restrictions applied locally
Work life balance. There is none. I work at least 12 - 20 hours overtime as a manager per week. I get called on my days off to help answer questions and work through batch sheet releases at 11pm that are due by midnight. There is no work - life balance.  We have had some near misses recently that give me concern for my safety as well as my operators.  The resources I have are limited to none. We have no support. The only support we have is about to change departments. I am doing all I can to keep my operators in our area, but no one is hearing our issues or our concerns. They are all about to bid out and we have no one to help us. Morale is low. Job satisfaction is low. Alum is struggling right now to stay afloat.
Pay increases are  important to me
Be able to perform at work in a totally different environment (WFH, no travels, virtual meetings and engagements).
What the return to work will look like.
Learning my new role.
Due to the COVID 19 pandemic Brasil is facing a really healthy difficult times, so I am concerned about this;
D&I and how Merck will address it; opportunities for upward mobility within the company
work life balance
what comes after spin for the company
Managing/executing home renovations Future of our country
IT department does not allow open discussion on issues, problems. Supports non-transparent communication, organizational focus instead of collaboration and sharing. People are not allowed to share their opinion.
In my department I feel there are not enough personnel to complete the amount of work there is. The new normal is longer hours and more stress,  I believe late evenings and stressful days are becoming more and more regular and expected by senior management to achieve targets and this should not be the norm, it should be on occasional circumstances. 'A fair days work' is not happening for a lot of people in the department I work in.
COVID-19 effects on the business (reorganization)
age discrimination, that the company stops paying pension installments when I turned 65. By that the company "saves money" on me despite I am doing the same work as I did before turning 65, whereas I loose important pension for the future.
work life balance (towards work)
Career advancement  is another concern.
BURN-OUT and significant languishing, work-life balance (literally "living at work")
Work/Life Balance
i am concerned that the management brings politics into the company and only one side of voice being heard
Career growth
Equality in Pay for Male to Female counterparts.  Upon request and/or volunteering to handle on behalf of departments, females successfully assume more responsibility in each role.  In some instances, base pay appears considerably less than male predecessors/counterparts.
Work/life balance
Aligns with staying healthy.  The turn over rate within the department has increased significantly.  The distribution of work is a hurdle due to turnover.  Definitely leaning into discomfort when tackling new projects due to the quick turnaround expectations.  Multiple personnel and management have recently left that had years of knowledge and experience.  Retention is a true concern.  The future of the department with the current turnover rate which continues to increase is concerning.
Mental health
work life balance
I feel the recent company decision to halt COVID related studies is a sign of deeper misalignment among those now in management of how to proceed.  In addition , the timing of senior company management departures with the study stops, is also a sign of misalignment.  It seems those contributing to the COVID investment decisions have exited Merck and those remaining will not face the consequences.
Most concerned about the future of work at Merck and whether remote work will become the norm. I appreciate the flexibility to work remotely when needed but I prefer to be in the office. Constant remote work makes it difficult to separate work and personal time.
work life balance is a serious issue
Work compensation/promotion
Family in other countries with no access to the COVID-19 vaccines
Financial security/health care costs in retirement
We are an extremely large organisation. My concern is how can the company be faster in all areas despite our size.
Strength and performance of the company, and how that reflects in total compensation
The greatest challenge to me is transparency from our technical teams.  Key information needed for decision making is hidden, withheld or mischaracterized and attempts to understand the full story is met with bullying and intimidation. By the time we understand the full story it is often too late to mitigate potential damage.
Salud emocional / Emotional health
This is not about COVID-19 but me progressing on reumatics.
I feel like Merck has been very flexible with work and child care balancing during shut down but now that we are opening up but my kids school isn't back to full time I am feeling anxiety about everything.  I also do not like how political Merck has been, I feel very irritated by all the social justice emails and trainings.  it is very condescending and one sided- we get enough of it from social media and being from a law enforcement family I feel very insulted by a lot of Merck's communication.  I feel it is inappropriate for the workplace especially from leadership.
Work/life balance
My biggest concern is for the safety of my family and specifically for my teenage son and all children's wellbeing.  The violence in the news today really concerns me.
I am concerned that I may not return to site after working from home since March 2020.
Politics in the workplace.
The work load in our department and on call schedule. Need more staff and on call needs to be cleaned up do to all the alarms and calls received when on call. SAFTEY ISSUE
Work-life balance
Better if management involve the resources in more ways so that we dont feel isolated.
Since my husband and I live in a different country than our parents, we are concerned that we have not seen them in person for a long time.
Work/life balance, management of stress (caused by work)
Career Pathway
Disappointed with managerial behaviour
As stated above, I am struggling to deal with the ongoing (and seemingly never-ending stress of WFH all the time.  Merck leadership needs to stop accepting this as the ?new normal" since there is nothing normal about an entire workforce never coming together in person to share ideas, collaborate and socialize. I also wish Merck would stay out of politics and refrain from making statements about every event and movement in the media.   Speak out against the fear surrounding the virus and encourage vaccination and get people back to work in person.
Future of Merck, ability to innovate beyond KEYTRUDA and making bolder BD deals at scale to compensate for KEYTRUDA LoE
I feel like I have too much work on my plate. I'm barely keeping up with the need-to-do's of my job. and that leaves no room for me to work on my want-to-do's that I think would improve my work or department. I think a lot of people have 100% of their time accounted for with their work tasks. This leaves no time or energy to pursue new innovations or ideas. It seems counter intuitive, but I think the "assigned" work give to people should account for less than 100% of their time so they have the freedom to pursue innovations that are ignored because no one has time to work on them.
I'm putting in 60 hour weeks in the COVID program.  The work is tremendously rewarding, but also demanding and stressful.
short handed and have been for about 4-5 years.  Lots of wasted time from employees playing on ipads and using ipads for non work related time.
While the company is investing in digital tools, there is lack of true/ guided training on how to use them, which usually requires the user to spend time in searching on how to correctly use them. Some systems, due to complexity, should have a step-by-step guide, as most of those systems are not user friendly.
We have now had 2 years in a row where shutdown dates have not been locked in until we are very close to shutdown.  We need to do a better job.  In the past those dates were locked in the fall before.  We need to get back to that.  So people can plan for here  and home.
Ability of the company to replace revenue starting in 2028
Ability to work remotely
Alignment on priorities across the MSDC organization.  Way to many for a team to focus on
Just want to be able to do my job without restrictions. Would also be good to know what the future holds within Sales division as far as Oncology’s future planing with products and any plans to reshape the division. Tell us the divisions 5 year plan and where the company plans to be.
Societal trend back to paganism
I don't know where the company is going too, we are far from lean principles. There are many people on extra created positions, this doesn't help to make fast choices.
It is hard to develop my skills at MSD since I believe empowerment is very low at the local management level, comparing to previous years.
A huge number of documents, different systems, regulations that are often incompatible and labor-intensives.
Work / Like Balance
I was informed over 4 years ago that MSD were producing an email to send to customers in order to gain email consent. This is apparently still in production and not available yet.
I am generally very satisfied with my position and the job that our local leadership team is doing as building a new research institute from the ground up is very challenging! However, I do have some concern that the process surrounding decisions made about what projects and employees are prioritized could be more transparent than it is, and that a wider range of opinions could be considered when making some of these decisions rather than the 'top-down' approach currently used.
Competency, Capabilities, Work Ethic, Culture
I would like to get further update about the future organization in our NWA cluster after the spin off and the Business strategy in Morocco. Thank you.
Again post from above.   MDG seems to have no accountability with months on getting a process for supplier registration to approve.  Sourcing has to chase them and even with continuous escalation it still takes months.  MDG should be chasing us not the other way around.  Please fix this issue.
on-going evolving COVID-19 situation
Police Reform and impacts on my family as a law enforcement spouse.
My pay/bonus. This is what I'm here for. We were told that we had the greatest year ever in 2020 and yet our bonuses were half of what they were the year before. We shouldn't have to rely on another Merck facility on the other side of the world to determine if we deserve a good bonus or not! We worked hard in 2020, we worked through the "pandemic" side by side each other taking the chance of bringing covid home to our families and not even getting hazard pay for it! We were and still are considered essential workers.
Business Transparency
As stated before, the self-inflicted barriers to the sales force being able to engage with our customers is concerning.  It is not feasible to compete in our competitive environment if we say we are limiting our interactions with top customers to 12/year.  What a gift to our competition!
Cancel culture, push to blame everything on race, virtue signaling.
level of stress and pressure to deliver is not sustainable- worry about how this impacts my health
I am exhausted by the workload Merck continues to pursue coupled with the difficulties in recruiting make this a very trying time.  Standard Oncology project plans that were adopted prior to COVID that accounted for 7-day work weeks continue to be utilized during these COVID circumstances and recruiting both at the full-time and contractor level is extremely difficult.  This situation makes it very difficult for managers to distribute the heavy project workloads in ways to help employees thru this difficult and challenging time.  Many people are anxious and overwhelmed.  I understand Merck is a business and everyone is committed to supporting this business - but I've not seen any practices implemented (project prioritization-evaluating critical versus nice to have, switches from 7-day business plans from 5-day business plans when possible, etc.)  to account for these very trying times.  Even small considerations can go a long way to help.
Pressure, uncertainty and a culture that leaves the employee feeling they must always do more and that we are never good enough
Work/Life Balance
Balance of different views (political or otherwise) throughout the company. The Company leans one way.
Getting systems and tools that are time savers to efficiently complete my job
Diversity is very important to me. As our company begins to shift the current leadership, I wonder if the strategy for more diversity will be upheld and enhanced. I fear that there may not be as many opportunities for minorities.
Work /Life balance
Work-life balance.
Ensure I keep on delivering the results expected by the leadership
Making a meaningful contribution in comparison to the many gifted and accomplished colleagues in my group.
Stress level.  Too many projects all with #1 critical priority.  Myself and many other team members are burnt out or close to it,  Not enough people to do the work and contractors arent always the answer as they have no motivation to stay due to the workload. Stress leads to lack of sleep and overall low morale.
New computer platform/programs overload.
Getting back to the office.
Being pulled in multiple directions from work. I have been on assignment and traveling for 4-5 years and there doesn't seem to be certainty about the future
There is no clear guidance or criteria for moving up in the company. It seems like you either need to apply outside of your role or leave the company. When asking what skills are needed to apply/get a promotion, it feels like random thoughts/tasks are pulled out of nowhere just to keep the employee busy. The verbiage "stretch role" seems to also be somewhat of a way of getting out of the discussion as well. Even though it appears that everything everyone is doing is a "stretch role".
-Country being so divided -people being defined by their race, gender, country of origin, religion
My biggest concern is COVID-19 in my workplace.
Tax hikes/spending and the total breakdown of security and law enforcement at southern border.
I am worried about being required to get vaccinated.
I am constantly stressed at work, worrying about who will follow behind me and check on my work to report to the managers.  I feel bullied because of my questions on how we do things, my want to change things for the better, my intelligence and for not fitting into the mold, I've told managers several times that i'm on the autism spectrum and that my brain works differently and i have trouble interacting with others and I have felt no considerations.
maintaining a productive and active lifestyle
Work-life balance
Low decision making speed and over centralization
About what my career moves should be
Climate change impact on the world and what can be done to ensure minimal impact
Work-Life Balance, Resilience; How to deal with stress and reduced social contacts; How to deal with having no support from the family for child care/ household.
Environment & Human Rights
QSIP deployment creating alot of work and change
Right now, implementation of QSIP is my largest concern.  I feel inadequate for the role(s) given to me in this regard.
I am not really concerned about most of these things. The company it extremely logical, fair about safety during COVID and staying healthy, safe. I also think there is a huge amount of work on diversity and inclusion, fairness and equity.  I am a little concerned about the current political climate and the spends of TRILLIONS of dollars without clear ways of paying for it (other than raising taxes!); one of my concerns is that capital hill will once again turn their spotlight on our very important industry and further penalize us (that could impact jobs in the future?).
The leaders are involved in politics for their own survival and that of their friends who submit to their demands. This happens at Regional and Local level. There is a lot of prejudice, unfair treatment, inappropriate promotions, creating projects to elevate preferred employees without opening these opportunities to all employees. Manipulation of regional leaders to support promotions that dont make business sense. Promoting people with no relevant experience to senior roles and critical portfolios based on unfair processes. Predetermined selection decisions in South Africa for some roles. promoting employees that have failed interviews based on discretion of leaders. The global leaders are fair and lead by example.
Employee development is selective and not consistently accessible for all. Decisions for promotions are not transparent. No rational, objective fact based  justifications or explanation or feedback given even when solicited from manager. No competency matrix available in Global Clinical Supply to distinguish between different bands and performance levels. People with no experience are hired at same level as people with 8-9 years experience at the job. Opportunities for development offered to handful of employees over and over again. There is NO scope - survey/360 degree feedback etc -  collected on managers. Work environment is demotivating and discouraging, even though company leadership is stating all the right things. Employee development needs significant focus for company to retain talent and skilled employees
Work life balance
Merck's executive decision to take what half of the company would likely agree are one-sided political views on governmental and social issues that further racial and societal divides, which in turn create disengagement on the part of many employees. Focus on pharmaceuticals from 8am-5pm, be a social justice warrior during your personal time, please.
At times, I think Merck leadership (via the EBB and Townhalls) delve into politics too frequently and I do not view it as appropriate in a work setting.    Further, at one non-EBB town hall I felt there was inappropriate subject matter discussed by panelists.  When you have children, who may be within listening distance of your computer due to virtual schooling/distance learning, hearing graphic details at a town hall detailing someone's search for sexual encounters, without any content warning, felt inappropriate for the workplace.
Professional Growth
Women in upper level leadership roles within departments other than procurement and quality.
