I have the full support from my manager in doing what I think is of the best interest for our stakeholders. She is a superb mentor, people manager, and leader whom I have utmost respect for.
the automation of some part of the work is encouraged, however there is no clear process when it comes to obtaining faster feedback, escalations (which are totally avoided), organizational matrix to know exactly who does what/who can be contacted - leading to miscommunication, ping pongs between teams and no concrete result in the end
My department is good at identifying work arounds or micro-managing parallel activities to minimise the impact of barriers, but we are not good at challenging the barriers or removing them.
A lot of work is done but it is not yet a top priority
Many management layers, lots of red tape.
Lately the company has been adding barriers (policies) that make work more difficult.
Lock down is slowing us down
I understand the RAT tool is in place to keep employees, patients and our communities safe, but it has impacted our ability to work and sell at the level to which we need to.
Our team tries to  remove barriers but hit road blocks with peer departments
Not all barriers can easily be removed. The department has done a good job at targeting the quick and easy ones, and there is a willingness to explore how to remove those trickier ones. Unfortunately, some barriers at the regional/global levels are likely here to stay.
We are adding complexity to our work at an alarming pace. Transactional level work is being driven to the Band 300 and 400 levels and the supports systems frequently fail, which drives frustrations among skilled professionals and impacts their motivation.
Excellent response to field feedback
But there is still a lot of room for improvement.
Some Toxic behaviors are ongoing since 2 years and this  impact work quality as well as create fear of retaliation. This is discouraging to the point that people are leaving the oncology medical affairs
Often there is no resolve or too much time obtaining decisions in order to proceed
Our department (vaccines) is being led by some individuals without experience of actually working in the field in this market.  Metrics like reach and frequency are not important and show a lack of understanding of our market.  We are wasting so much useful time on field suggestions, target lists, field emails, etc.  Let us use our college educated brains to run our territories the best way, and look at our performance numbers as opposed to metrics that really don’t mean anything.  Allow us to send emails that don’t make use sound like robots and that don’t even fit the needs of our customers.  Let us have discussions that surrounding the needs of our customers as opposed to a field suggestion coming out of headquarters with no knowledge of the customer.
Unfortunately, my department relies on support provided from other departments.  We do a good job at removing barriers within our group, but can only make other departments aware of their issues, which in the end impact us.  We, however cannot control how those problems are resolved since they are out of our jurisdiction.  Because of this, those barriers continue to remain in place for reasons unknown to me.
I thought admin work & tracking had been getting less lately a significantly larger amount of "reports/reporting" has been asked.
Irrational legal barriers are being erected on a regular basis, preventing us from doing our work effectively.
There are a lot of barriers that smaller companies do not face.
The increase in digital capabilities has helped
Many busy work and computer and training tasks have been added to our schedules that cross time zones and strap sales people to their desks leaving them unable to travel in the field like they used to do.
Sometimes are SAP runs slow which tends to slow us down.
Being in Operations, there are several new asks that slow down operations.  A lot of times, decisions and tasks/documentation needs are developed at a site level and there is huge impact to the shop floor.  It would be better to understand at the shop floor level how this will impact prior to rolling the new ask out.
My department could add more transparency to allow access to sites for which I am not the Lead Site Monitor.  There are a lot of reasons this is helpful - I can cover for other monitors if they have an unexpected day out of the office seamlessly as long as I have contact information for their sites, if I could access their sites in our systems such as SPECTRUM, SIP, INFORM, and the different IRT companies.  Also it helps to have access to all the sites on a study within the eCRF (INFORM). If I'm not sure how to instruct my site to enter a page for example, and there is a subject that was enrolled 6 months ago at another site, I can then check what was done and see the audit trail and find out how data management handled it.  I've had that kind of transparency before and found it very helpful.
Some processes are cumbersome and timely, and should be evaluated if they are truly necessary.
Our department has anew manager and instead of being lean we are heading towards the old fashion way of doing work. It has more redundancies does it seems like we are less efficient.
Change is not always embraced.  More technical enhancements would improve things.
my department has many contract employees for positions.  Some of these positions have turned over annually and training is required.  This slows our work down.   We also do not have IT support for some critical processes.
Escalations are typically effective, however the volume of barriers is high
Since our group deals in the innovation space we consistently have legal and process barriers that slow us down. While we work to remove barriers they are constant
I feel there are a lot of  things like next best engagement and duplication of teleconferences that interfere with customer time
A lot of work has been done, but still some process and interactions are too complex to deal.
My immediate leadership team collaborates to find solutions to streamline our workflow when it comes to interactions with internal/external colleagues and documenting our activities
We are heavy on compliance and restriction in the name of legality, but some of the things we restrict are silly
My team, Virology Community Liaisons could really benefit from having our laptops back
It takes a lot of time to complete and close out RFMs especially if they are remote RFMs. Sometimes technology impedes my ability to get my work done effectively and efficiently.
I have been working for Merck for 21 years and Merck has not been very successful at removing bureaucracy.  The level of number of approvals has increased over the years not decreased, the level of control in Medical affairs has quadrupled.  The company is more rigid than it has ever be in my perspective.
Our departament is working hard to have everything on time , but my understanding is taht we need to improve agility .  Agility can make a difference .
My direct boss procrastinates, but my boss's boss is great to work with
There is a lot of bureaucracy which slows down a lot.
I think my department does try to remove barriers, but the barriers that slow down my work tend to be from company rather than department or site.  There is constant changing of systems and procedures that add complexity and confusion rather than simply and are transparent.
The speed of removing barriers is very slow (e.g. the provided support for mandatory (or previously highly recommended) home-offices).   I have to admit - it is not always fault of my department
I think we do, however the Global teams/support do not. More alignment is needed between sites and more guidance/support from key collegues at global positions (positions of influence)
Compliance is an issue in this virtual world.
Where control of barriers/decision making lies within our department, we do a good job finding improvements and efficiencies.
With a movement to global procedures for the purpose of standardized work, departments at a local level are reluctant to remove barriers that slow down work efficiency for fear of being out of compliance. Global thinking is not beneficial to the business as a whole.
While I understand the compliance surrounding remote OCMs, the paperwork with sending reminder emails etc and attaching permission emails is overkill. Offices have procedures in place for remote interactions that don’t always align to our procedures, slowing down our work.
Our company is so driven and run by attorney’s that it makes it very difficult to do our jobs effectively at times because of the barriers in place to see customers, travel, conduct programs and exhibits and the inherent risks associated with them due to all the new changes.  It is way more difficult now to conduct business in a pre or post Covid world.
I understand the barriers although sometimes frustrating!!
My department has a lot of people who are Merck 20+ year veterans. It is very "this is way we always done it", so why change? They need to implement new process without a big long investigation, pilot program, & written guidance before implementation.
It is almost impossible to challenge existing barriers (policies, processes)
Still have work to do with regards to quickly responding to environmental changes. Merck needs to be a leader in change, not a follower.
the RAT tool has been a constant source of frustration for vaccinated employees. We, as a vaccine company, give the impression that we do not believe in our own science, nor do we follow the updated CDC guidelines of being able to be around others who have also been vaccinated with or without a mask. We can't meet business priorities if we are not allowed out. The customers we see have mostly been vaccinated because they are in healthcare. We also maintain social distancing and wear masks. Our engagements are much quicker out of respect for the customer's time, and pandemic considerations for safe engagements. It also seems as though the sense of urgency to get vaccinated has died down. I think we need to encourage all employees to receive the COVID vaccine. It would also be "nice to know" what percentage of Merck employees in the US have been fully vaccinated. Field facing or otherwise.
simplification is not a word that we are able to use. Our programs are complicated and difficult for out customers and our teams to understand and implement.
Email is still a challenge with compliance
We seem to have become bogged down in slow response by compliance/legal to get information out to those who need it.
We still face significant slowdowns from the Cloud operations and networking teams. This has still not improved. Work done for us is not tested for completeness or quality. Similar processes are done differently and not done following SOPs which creates confusion within our team.
There are times where the barriers are more work but no guidance or procedures to help make that work successful, so it goes slowly but does make improvements.
The organisation should place stronger emphasis and shift its focus to access from traditional commercial and marketing efforts. CFT and senior leadership should appreciate the importance and complexity of access, and have good foundational knowledge around access across different market archetypes (HTA and self-pay), which would help facilitate CFT efforts in enhancing access. At the same time, CFT and senior leadership should empower Access teams in fulfilling their roles and responsibilities (and resource accordingly), instead of creating additional teams and workstreams that are not familiar with the access environment and market dynamics
With so many competing priorities we are still able to move forward on many fronts
The change control process along with regulatory are extremely cumbersome and difficult to navigate
Some resistance to change, but overall, department is looking for new and innovative ways of working
Unable to have lunches for more than 25 virtually limits our ability to do our job.  There are so many barriers that it is practically impossible to support our customers.
My current dept. makes every effort to do this. While not always possible and the system brick walls can be frustrating, the will is there.
Our department does a stellar job removing strategic business challenges or barriers. Although, in terms of emotional, or even racially provoked traumatic barriers that do exists to many employees of color, many managers and leader (not of color) struggle to empathize, understand, and find important enough to dedicate resources to resolve these types of barriers that slow down productivity at the marginalized employee level... even when these issues are voiced and an attempt to promote a resolve has been suggested.
I don't find logic in some decisions that are made, they are confusing
Our leaders want to look good, so underlings are forced to spend time we don't have on culture, diversity, roles, innovation mindsets, presentations, writing papers, helping leaders get ahead. We are exhausted and would like to just do the science we are here for. We are not here to fluff you. Even individual goal setting is a waste of time when we've been shown there is no path for some of us.
Lots of mistakes lately and mis communication or lack of communication on big items.
not so much any more.  our role has become incredibly adminstrative.
Management is open to feedback and my manager in particular responds immediately to any issues/roadblocks I may face in my job
My department has made significant progress on this over the past year
Too many my learning modules
Again, it's the people working down to the lowest levels that are making this happen. There are so many barriers, especially during and after the pandemic that are insurmountable based on any previous standard or sense of reality. People are bending over backwards and breaking their backs all around me to find new ways to innovate and create efficiencies and close gaps. The work experience isn't just "all gravy, my Department has everything I need to be successful". Instead it's "every day, multiple barriers and challenges, multiple amazing solutions" down to the lowest levels of the organization.
Too much administrative work that impedes and interferes time with customers
No, our department doesn't remove barriers that slow down our work. There are a lot of processes that can be done in an efficient way. An example: - We need a protected network data share to store (a little amount of) data. Mainly from Biosafety point of view, not from GLP point of view. None of the IT departments wants to create a share for us, because they say "We are not responsible for archiving data for biosafety reasons, only for GLP reasons". The other IT departments says that the first IT department has to create a share. Meanwhile we're discussing, mailing, set up meetings. And still no network drive to store our important data. In my perception, the R&D OPS is overloaded with work to help in this situation.
Marketing never listens to feedback already made their decisions if or before they ask for feedback
We still have all the politics.  Things we have to do that are unnecessary.  We have a launch going on now.  All other things should stop to focus on a successful launch
Day to day we face many challenges. While people get trained to perform their work at Merck they also bring some knowledge from other Pharmaceutical companies that not necessarily aligns with Merck's. Thus much of this external knowledge is used to execute our Validation protocols causing many GDP and ER's. Working with the project leads in many causes is worthless due to the high turnaround of these resources and the necessity of having a contractor "hit the ground running" when hired to support Merck's Projects especially if Agile PM Methodology "fix as you go" is been used.
Deployment of LSW in our is a key priority
Despite the difficult situation we are in, our leaders try to give us all the support to meet our targets and objectives. Our leaders have clear directions to us on where we are going
We get more and more barriers which slow down the job. Too much internal focus versus external focus. Too many new databases/storage places are introduced replacing others which also were introduced rather recently.  Too many people who need to approve of speakers, planned activities, wording on .ppt, and so on. Lack of Admin resources forces non-Admin staff to do admin work (in a less efficient way) instead of focusing on the work that  shall be done in the department and nobody else can do. No will to challenge the situation. Unfortunately not empowerment.
I'm too new in my current role to assess.
Getting funding for capital purchases can be challenging at times.
I do think there is an appropriate and well-intentioned focus on keeping Merck safe from a compliance perspective.  However, some of the direction creates substantial business risks.  There is also an opportunity to empower people to make decisions.  Finally, the level and extent of alignment required in Merck to move forward is a barrier that needs to be removed in the interest in simplification and moving more quickly.
Business uniqueness not understood or appreciated. Feel split between the organization's needs and Center's expectation.
When the business does not accept the advice of the legal and compliance team, they label the team as a barrier that slows them down,   Further, when the business does not accept the advice of the legal and compliance team, alternative options that are compliant are explored, but as you may appreciate, which may take time to evaluate.  The business associate this process as a barrier that slows down work.
Efficiency, Execution, Processes, Progress
Customer Focus
Culture, Efficiency, Execution, Processes, Workload, Fairness
Execution, Innovation, Processes
Decision Making, Education, Execution, Meetings, Speed of Execution
Execution, Speed of Execution
Execution, Speed of Execution
Customer Focus, Execution, Training
Execution, Remote Working, Covid
Execution, Information, Training, Infrastructure & Tools
Execution, Progress, Teamwork
Communication, Execution, Performance Evaluation, Processes, Speed of Execution, Trust
Customer Focus, Execution, Meetings
Execution, Processes, Teamwork
Communication
Execution, Strategy
Culture, Execution, Flexibility, Innovation
Customer Focus, Execution, Covid
Execution, Recognition, Great Place
Communication, Competition, Execution
Customer Focus, Execution
Execution, Processes, Speed of Execution
Communication, Execution
Execution, Speed of Execution, Recruitment
Decision Making, Execution
Customer Focus, Execution, Processes, Speed of Execution, Policies
Health
Burnout, Execution, Speed of Execution, Workload, Staffing
Efficiency, Execution, Speed of Execution, Infrastructure & Tools, Hardware Tools, Software Tools, Covid
Communication, Execution, Feedback, Speed of Execution
Competition, Execution, Processes
Cross Team Collaboration, Execution
Accomplishment, Execution, Processes
Competition, Execution
Communication, Efficiency, Execution, Performance Evaluation, Progress
Execution, Performance Evaluation, Processes, Staffing
Execution, Responsibility
Communication, Efficiency, Execution, Meetings, Processes, Speed of Execution, Workload
Accountability, Execution
Execution, Goals
Execution, Transparency
Execution, Progress
Customer Focus, Execution, Protective Equipment
Compensation, Execution, Motivation
Competition, Customer Focus, Execution, Speed of Execution
Execution, Food & Drink
Competition
Execution, Transparency
Efficiency, Execution, Processes
Execution, Information, Processes
More resources on removing human middle ware.  People are still duplicating information across systems because they do not integrate properly and there are too many different systems to operate properly.  More bots and connecting software to stream line and focus on the value add expertise I was employed for, rather than data entry into systems.
I strongly feel that MSD needs Digital Transformation. Employees have been doing a lot of tasks manually while they are plenty of room to be digitalized if IT professionals are involved.
Continue to evolve in the changing times and be more flexible and innovative
Encourage safe to speak and work for the common good. Embody and practise inclusion and ways of working.  Some may take these as just mouthpiece but it is not supposed to be. Provide the managers with the resources to better themselves and develop their team. With the hybrid working mode, many felt that the lines between work and life are blurred. It is time to bring back good meeting practices - avoid lunch hour meeting just because (everyone should be available to "eat" at their desk at home or office) and Friday afternoon. We had these before but it all seems to be forgotten. It is even more important remind each other to avoid covid burnout and webex fatigue. Relook how the pharmaceutical industry changes affect those at the lower level. We all wanted to do more with less, but are we doing with alot alot more with a lot less. What other resources are need - I think sometime IT may need upgrading to enable doing more with less? Or the systems or practices are just antiquated?
-Commit to improve well-being (work/life balance), so that we can allocate more time and resource to think about what we can do and execute them.
Assess employees workload given the new normal. Look for ways to stream line some processes
Improve training to people managers; more high-level decision on job separation and team collaboration to avoid overlapping works
Focus on objectives
Employee with family (especially with kids) needed a work life balance lifestyle especially during the pandemic.
MSD China is a very important market , hope MSD can have a overall China strategy which is covering all Divisions （MRL, GHH, MMD, AH) .to help the overall growth in China.
Walk the talk
Adjust quickly according to salesforce needs in the field in order to be competitive
more resource and chance for individual development
provide sufficient resources as there is no work life balance currently
Allow people to work from home without being prejudiced or feel inferior that some are working from home while others are on site. Everyone should be treated equally whether working remotely or at the office
1.Continuously trust building between HQ and local team; 2.Promotion mechanism, comparing with extremely competitive external environment
Advocacy Programs for colleagues to stay resilient in bringing medicines to people and mission in saving lives
Continue to deliver premium brands and reinforce employees by giving enough resources in order for us to work efficiently
Additional health protection & safety against virulence of COVID at this time of Pandemic
Our Company already had great values inbuild also newly added values i.e. proactiveness ,flexibility, collaboration will surely have positive impact on the productivity and good environment. so as of now nothing to added
Should have more open system of communication both ways.
Its pleasure to work with Merck. I think the compensation per se it could have been better.  Also, systems in place are complex which sometimes make working time consuming. efforts should be taken to make systems more smooth and  user friendly
to stay focus on the top priorities instead of having too many priorities at the sametimes.
Working environments is good. Safety first
Focus on improving work life balance of employees, by simplifying some procedures (where applicable) or governance model of some activities (where applicable). BCMs especially have huge workload due to the many procedures that are responsible for.
Take more feedbacks from employee
I feel like there is too much internal positioning and "politics" going on. The communications seems evasive, and sudden changes in e.g. expense targets - which may be called for, but seems taken "out of the blue" - makes it difficult to plan properly. Furthermore, I am a strong supporter of our compliance culture, and it should be strengthened by engaging the employees from a motivational standpoint - not by inducing fear for repercussions for having done something wrong even if in good faith. We cannot unlock the potential of our Ways of Working unless we make ours a safe company in which to err when trying to go from planning to experimentation.
secure permanent positions to last and not to be cut down, secure temporary work
Keep on acting according to the statement from George W Merck: "We try newer to forget that medicine is for the people. It is not for the profits. The profits will follow, and if we remembered that, they newer failed to appear. The better we have remembered it, the larger they have been"  I´m afraid that some in our organisation will be/are somewhat blinded of the succes of Keytruda and doesnt remebmber that "One size" doesnt always fit all patients.
Leaders to actually follow up on the actions concerning decreasing workload. Let's not commit to new projects when we know we are already working at full capacity. Better prioritization.
Transparency for business and corporate progress and key updates, encourage more diversify culture, remove silos and continue to promote new ways of working
Breakdown some of the bureaucratic organizational structures. The high degree of formality of particular processes or operations more often than not leads to inflexible and rigid regulations, this in return leads to objectives being framed around the rules which at times are in stark contrast to the initial goals.  This priority misplaced dampens opportunity for further creativity or innovation as focus and resources are spent on the mechanical frame work of rules and regulations.
Merck & MSD need to invest in people, provide training and create a digital transformation culture. Merck continues to invest in new tools where people are still using manual spreadsheets because they don't trust the data and the data culture is lacking. We need to rely on third party organization for our enhancement and improvements and this slows down the process.  Also the career path is very unknown at Merck / MSD, it is not transparent what options are there, some roles are never posted and some individuals have fast track career path, seems very unequal.
Allow flexibility in working conditions; provide opportunities for personal and professional development
Healthy rotation of the staff (to avoid generation gap, long time employees vs. new employees), clear compensation system (grading, leveling and upgrading)
Focus on employees, their safety and feeling they are a part of a big family. Their good mood and involvement are crucial for the company success.
Ensure sufficient resources. We are getting very lean and it makes us both vulnerable and increases the level of stress due to unacceptable workload
Update (increase) the salaries to be at the same range than other companies for the same position
I feel my role is very task orientated, and administrative heavy resulting in it being difficult to quantify what I actually 'do' every day.   Whilst there has been some considerations taking on board regarding working from home for the last year, I dont feel its went far enough. Flexibility is great but being able to avail of it when workload is high is a challenge.
Simplify processes, as they are becoming more and more complex and without knowing the reasons why. To work more for tthe "outside" (patients, payors, customers, scientific leaders) and much less to our internal activities and processes. To improve our freedom to express our different perspectives, To reduce the company risk aversion: without risk there is no true disruptinve innovation, and the company does not proviide the adequate environment to allow risks and to do things differently without making excessive efforts
provide sufficient human resource for any new projects or any new systems to administer and manage that gets introduced. provide TIME within working hours to conduct work related trainings and achieve relevant certifications to stay having latest professional knowledge needed to conduct my job the best way for MSD. we simply dont have any time other than constant fire fighting under constant stress and lack of time. MSD is a great company but it is not great at all to work under constant stress for years.
Flexible work arrangements - Home Office for those who prefers this
I feel big discrepancy between what is said and what is done - inclusion, diversity from one side, and rejection / fires on other side (because of older age, gender - women). This is not consistent.
Develop / accelerate pipeline. Strong focus on Policy & Market Access. Stregthen Oncology portfolio.
To Maintain & increase the company values , To secure the Market needs from the company products every where & to innovate new products for the humanity specially on this period.
It sometimes feels like support departments only cause more work with all the different projects they're introducing (and expect us to carry out), instead of supporting us to do our daily work within the core business better and more efficient.
Eliminate confusion by having clear ways of doing things that everybody can understand. I feel we have a huge amount of references and practices, yet there is confusion as to what we should be really doing sometimes.
Optimize internal procedures through better internal systems. Sometimes it is hard to find out where the problem is situated and who to contact to get the issue solved.
Adopt a new remote working model (fully remote yet fully available) that allows employees to fully work remotely (when possible) due to this is our new life now for 1-2+ years. Employees have proven their ability to collaborate and be productive remotely. Employees also then can travel as needed for workshops, meetings, etc. but this 'new normal' is really life now for many people and I think many enjoy this great flexibility.
More focus on teamwork. Training on teamwork like: feedback, working together, communication, roll development etc.
I would really appreciate to work from any country (place)...
Reorganize into business focus areas and operate in a One Merck manner, we're still too silo'd
Even more strive to become human centric in all we do.
Share future plans with the team. Its an enabler for mental well-being.
Can it be communicated if we can work from home in the future or some kind of blended work like home based  for 3 days / office based for 2 days.
Job rotation where necessary when employees no longer develop themselves; Make the business leading instead of departments who should be supportive but lead. More alignment (Maintenance Excellence versus MSDC versus MMD-IT).
There is an expectation to take on huge amounts of work without the resources or time being planned to allow effective completion of that work. People are constantly juggling and are generally stressed so that there is a lot of heroic effort that goes unseen. This needs to be recognized and addressed.
I don't know
To have more trust and more free space in certain areas for strategic employers.
Continue to invest on innovation and Human capital
continue what it is doing
Create a space for creative thinking, and not only for marketing team, at the moment the creativity is 'eaten' by very complex processes, procedures. No idea if this is even possible, but this would make MSD even more great company to work for :)
Shift decision power to appropriate levels. Some agenda should shift down (e.g., conference abstracts or IT exceptions really do not have to be approved on the VP level) and some should shift up (e.g., each Director drives his/her own database solution; the company ends up with a plethora of them, none being really widely used, thus wasting a lot of resources on creating and maintaining multiple solutions that do similar things; this should be decided on maybe VP level - get one or two solutions that can be customized if needed, just like with COMET). Try to be different than other corporates. When a hot topic strikes (AI, ML, D&A, etc.), each corporate parrots the same. Not all hypes are useful. Also, customize the trainings. If US feels to have historical problems with racial injustice or women inclusion and educate the employees, focus on the US employees. A large portion, maybe most, employees of the company do not live in the US and these problems do not resonate with them.
Reduce corporate bullshit. I'm tired of townhalls, training, massive IT barriers. Make it personal. HR needs to be more personally engaged and work for the employees not the employer.
Rebalancing the number of changes that are being introduced at any single point in time.
It is not obvious how decisions are made at a local operational level on how projects or organisational changes are made and the impact these have on the available resources.  Therefore, to make Merck/MSD a great place to work and ultimately deliver our mission, greater emphasis is needed on how we will get things done not just on what we will do.  Greater emphasis needs to be place on key skills such as project management, too often treated as an assumed soft skill that anyone can put on their CV, but even more importantly is the framework and governance that must be in place to utilise Project Portfolio Management methodologies to ensure we identify and prioritise activities that best fit with our strategic goals and to use this thought process and behavioral approach throughout the enterprise.  We should be developing this key business fundamental in house and not relying on resorting to throwing money at the likes of Deloitte and Boston Consulting Group.
I think that MSD is a great company and I am very satisfied with everything. I will just add the fact that they can implement some nursery or day'care for the women who are moms and have small kids.
1. Continue to drive ways of working and hold people accountable who do not exhibit these behaviours 2. Continue to foster a culture of D&I  3. Build a robust pipeline to take us through the LOE of Keytruda
Allow sufficient budget for resourcing and also need to change ethos from top down regarding the use of the word urgent - it is important that staff can switch off out of hours.
I think the the way Company is driven, its a way high, it should maintain the same tempo
To make sure there are right people at right place (especially at mid management level). Also try to eliminate fights between MMD sites and global decision as then we (employees) end up in the middle and it is not nice place to be in.
Continue the good work
(1) Make resources available in good time to employees, especially new hires ( It discouraged me have to join the company and none of my resource were ready, I have had to use my own car until it had a break down, Despite the disturbance of Covid 19, A teams training should have been arranged in good time.  (2) The company needs to pay its service providers in good time, before its its credit life is bad named. this will results in service providers not trusting our company and therefore affect how the pursue us, The worst is thatthey will not prioritize us or even cancel contracts with us.  (3) Processes needs to be reviewed at least every year
Considering the current situation, the company's support for employees vaccination is important.
-Continous internal trainings on communication and skills -Ensure the resources and tools of work
Merck principals, like Diversity and Inclusion, should apply to all departments in the business. Inclusion seems to be used to support management ideas but certain groups seem to be actively excluded
The pandemic has changed the human life-style and employees have been working from home for more than a year. However, there is no change on employee benefit plan to cover the new needs. Office parking and gym memberships are sample of entitlements that least to be utilized nowadays. Perhaps our company can reevaluate our needs and react to the changes caused by pandemic.
Provide funding for training and certification, My Learning is too basic for new technology.
Renew the workforce at all levels, we need fresh perspective, some people have been here too long. D&I: start with women. The unconscious bias is there in men in the company Focus on CARE: care about the people, support people managers to be good managers, help with change management
Reduce the number of turnovers, from contractors.
Holding back global organizations (Quality, Procurement, IT, Human Resources, etc.) in more-and-more implementing self-service and automated information sharing tools, and instead have operations and procedural/system changes sufficiently serviced and supported towards local site acting persons.
- Spend more time asking customers if they want the digital journey we are on. - Empower self-organising teams to choose their own methodology.  Getting the right balance of SCRUM vs LEAN is essential.  There is no single 'right way' to be 'agile'.
Show clear career path and bright future
Develop a long term vision with respect to MSD AH role in bio industry, which I believe is a non sustainable industry
Show strong leadership in truly inclusive and ethical behavior, truly listen/hear what is on people's mind and be honest about what is going to be done or cannot be done, start defining clear responsibilities and hold accountable and last but not least stop the US centric behavior that excludes other regions from decision making, perceived as second class employees
I do like that MSD support strongly D&I. At the same time I think we can go even better to the high level of it - please refer to other company in Prague / Czech - i.e IBM or Vodafone
Keep the employees informed of what's going on the workplace Individual & Teams recognition Assessment of wage scales to keep us competitive on the markets
investment in more sustainable products for the planet. Avoid using environmentally toxic APIs such as fipronil
Merck is an awesome place to work but during these most difficult and challenging times when colleagues are working to meet all their priorities, managing their children being home-schooled and taking care of elderly parents, I believe Management should differentiate between the "must" have deliverables and "nice" to have deliverables.
Continue to assess the challenges presented by the pandemic such as the restrictions the RAT places on representatives and the impact on our ability to meet our sales objectives based on these restrictions.
Get MRL people back on site after covid, management included
I feel like Merck needs to look at remote work as a norm once we are through the COVID-19 pandemic. Work Life balance is much better being at home and not driving 1+ hours each way to work each day. In addition, many companies are now offering 100% remote work. Those types of company positions are very attractive to some including myself.
Better promotion frequency and more competitive compensation not just in SSF and Boston
Need to get more resources for the shop floor to complete the task.  currently it was short of men and all are over stressed by covid situation.
Closer observation of Managers who manage people is necessary to make sure that the people managers are practicing leadership that enhances and is aligned with MK philosophy; sometime the people managers are concerned with their own objectives and can diverge from best leadership practices.
Technology is not neutral, and it can deepen social inequity. Our company has a great potential in disrupting the industry by rethinking how AI and automation are designed. There's a great effort in diversity and inclusion, let's expand that to the very technology we are creating day by day.
embrace change as an opportunity for growth
Diversification of pipeline so that we are not solely relying on Keytruda. Be quicker to act on novel therapies (eg. we were slow to act for COVID vaccines especially since we are seen as a major/key player in the vaccine space). We are still too risk adverse as a company
As resources are pulled to support J&J COVID vaccine effort, we need to ensure the areas that resources are pulled from have opportunity to back fill those resources easily.    Help remove licensing obstacles that prevent efficiency and cost reduction process improvements.
Since we've been working from home for more than a year now, I'm hoping that the company will continue to have an open mind when it comes to remote working.  I am hoping that this will come into play when those whose commute will double when we move to Rahway, will be allowed to work from home most of the work week.  Thanks for asking!
Continue to focus on those employees who have been here for an extended period of time to support their career development and opportunities. Not just for those recently hired
Set career progression, especially for women.  Remove politics around hiring (make it fair).
If the reins are loosened even a smidge, we can be even more successful in delivering our mission. Legal interpretation at Merck is constrained compared to other Pharma companies that have gone through CIAs.
Stick to our business and separate from the politics
Make sure the middle level leadership reflects the vision of the CEO.  It is not always filtering down.
MSD needs to move from talking about innovation to actually moving forward with it. The support areas are not ready to innovate and holds back on the strategic areas initiatives just because it is new or it has never been done. Also, and more importantly, the leadership mindset needs to change from controlling and  "needing do see" artificial metrics to really empowering us to do our best in our jobs. There are too many people at global and regional level busy in creating these artificial metrics to attend the controlling needs from the leadership and there is a lack of people creating solutions for us to deliver a high performance job. We need better balance from controlling to empowering, so we can execute our plans without the high level of stress. The leadership team has to acknowledged that outside US we have very limited human resources and that impairs how much we can do because the operational procedures are 10x bigger than we can deal with.
Allow all employees (those for whom it is a viable option) the option to remain permanently full-remote or mostly remote should they want to do so, especially within departments that are already mostly remote. Increased flexibility in established work hours/shifts and/or work week (ie. option for half day Fridays year-round, a/b teams with 4 day work week, etc). Establish clear pathways for advancement, formal job shadowing /mentoring opportunities for ALL roles across the company.
Ensure that decisions are made at the right level -- upper management needs to continually push down the decision-making level.   If lower levels can't or won't make decisions, leadership needs to determine why and ensure the correct tools are in place to facilitate this decision-making.
Ensure everyone has a proper work set-up at home. Ensure we have the right, most updated technology to stay connected. Ensure eveyone is being check on weekly or at least bi-weekly for well-being/mental health with a simple question that shows the company cares about how everyone is doing.
Continue to seek and hire a more diverse workforce, especially for the technical/science roles.
Allow for continued flexibility after the pandemic to allow for remote working where feasible.
Change our no promotion in place practice or provide a way for people to advance within their role. People leave because they feel there is not where to go without changing jobs
Select knowledgeable and fear leaders
I think Merck could take learnings from other chemical industries to help make manufacturing more successful.
When pandemic restrictions are eased it would be great if we could maintain the flexibility to work from home during most if not all of the week. I understand the benefits of coming into the office to work, but with a small child this is more stressful.
Unfortunately, the company's mission and desire to be a great place to work is hindered by first-line management.  This role is exclusively focused on tasks.  Therefore, direct reports are only valued for the work they can deliver.  This work output is always presented to organization by the manager - never giving light to the true performer.  Managers do not focus on their people; they focus exclusive on their needs and what is required for career advancement.  How demoralizing it is not to be treated as a person.  True, people-oriented leadership is rarely performed within the company.
Provide supplemental programs which monitor the mental and physical health of their employees.
Continue to break down the silos, not encourage but demand cross collaboration. I do my part to engage other departments and work together but not everyone shares that feeling. I have gotten pushback from others questioning why I want to be involved in another project and get the impression others would rather continue to work uninterrupted in their bubble. I feel this is where Merck is regarded poorly from an industry standard and in terms of attracting and retaining the best talent. We are also terrified to let go of poor performers which allows several non-ideal employees to remain within the company. I say this not to insult another but from the perspective of wanting to be surrounded by the best and brightest coworkers.
1) Radical simplification of processes and policies in the organization - this needs to start top down from the business balancing compliance & ethics requirements versus the agility we need to compete with our peers in the industry  2) Understand the current stretch on resource levels, org design and focus on retaining talents that are critical to the future of the organization’s success  3) Evolving from a HQ-centric culture to more inclusive/diverse org where team members can grow their careers and contribute from any location that fits best for them  4) Phased approach on change/transformation management factoring in the appetite of change, priorities that make the biggest impact to the organization and decisions that will benefit the business in the longer term perspective  5) Be nimble and agile - be ready to revisit assumptions, course-correct decisions and experiment with new approaches to carve different possibilities for the business  6) Empathy and real care for our people
By continuing Merck's culture of professionalism through morality will allow it to grow as a leading corporation in the world.  I have only been employed by Merck for just about 1 year now, and I truly feel a sense of family that cares for each other and everything the company represents. Absolute caring professionals!
Eliminate the RAT tool and reduce the number of oncology reps in each geography at least in community territories where there anot many specialists. Access to oncologists is not going to improve drastically post COVID and our team and customers seem frustrated at the number of Merck reps jacking for appointments/FFMs.
I think MSD is already a great place to work, but the pandemic impacted our cotidianity, taking the work to home. So MSD should focus in how to support the work from home
Remove the barriers and limitations on the technology group.  It is not the same as the Biopharma and compliance/regulations need to removed for this group before integration.
continue flex work arrangements started because of covid
I feel as if work/life balance is suffering at people are expected to do more and more with less time and resources. The irony is that the highest performers end up with the biggest burden and are under the most pressure, which could impact retention in the long run. Working remotely helps save on commuting; It wouldn't be possible to maintain the current work load with the added commute. I think Merck also needs to continue with Ken Frazier's approach of speaking out against racial injustice and other social justice issues. It helps to make them attractive as an employer and helps retain staff if we believe that Merck is a very ethical and socially conscious company.
Less top-down decision without taking into account the impact at a local level (disconnect creates disruption and lost of efficiency) i.e. looks good on paper at upper level but difficult/unrealistic operational at lower level
I have concerns about our MRL.  That fact that we were unable to develop  a covid vaccine and still had to punt on some of our Covid treatments cause me to have concern regarding our research and development.    I have concerns about the company’s “position” when it comes to politics and events that are happening in the community.  Ones person’s position should not be representative of the entire company.   We serve everyone. And we have to answer to shareholders.
Despite all the talk of flexibility in the time of Covid, there isn't really much understanding when someone needs to take time off for caring for family members.  At times it feels like you can't even take a vacation day for fear of missing something important at work.  There is also a culture of favoritism in terms of assignments, promotions and jobs.  It seems like you have to be in a certain clique to be given better opportunities, better assignments, promotions or job consideration.
Improve training for new hires within the context of the work team. Mylearnings are helpful, but I do not feel as if my team has done a good job of training me.
More transparency around decision making that impact the life of the people and health of the group
Continue to expand our pipeline as Phase II/III are very heavily reliant on Keytruda.  My concern is when this goes off patent what are we going to be left with?  Also, I don't believe our company values different political views.
Streamline the procurement/contracting process; set up fair and sensible metrics for budget management for individuals; create career development path for p5/r5 employees...
JUST BE FAIR TO ALL EMPLOYEES AND PRAISE THE PERSON OF A GREAT JOB THEY ARE DOING .
There still opportunities to increase empowerment and to reduce bureaucracy. In some countries MSD should become more competitive in the recruitment market to be able to attract and retain talent. The company should become less US centric in its global communication to its employees.
Align above-site requests of sites to minimize non-value-added work.  For example, reporting the same Data Integrity ERMD data in multiple ways to different above-site COEs.  This is a huge time commitment for senior members of teams and does not actually improve compliance.
Somehow ( and I am not sure how) reduce the number of meetings that employees have on their calendars.  Offer hand-raisers/bridged retirements to employees who may no longer want to work in the current environment of remote work.
Consider allowing positions that can work remotely to continue to do so on a permanent/semi-permanent basis.
Practice of inclusion should not be utilized to exclude Citizens for women with children. Promotion should be done with in the group. Instead of bringing people of mangers form outside with no experience in senior positions.    Revise the H1 appointments in a team take more citizens. Selection process has to be revised. the mangers are playing dirty games to show others are not experienced the people come is H1 are not experienced too. Some I felt have experience from birth.
Deliver the message that everyone counts in this company.  We are a team and every player on this team makes this business thrive.  Additionally, in this virtual environment leaders need to be cognizant that they truly have to go the extra mile to maintain a meaningful connection with their direct reports.  Currently there is little connection and true concern for one's well-being.
Continue the COVID 19 Updates with Julie and team, I feel that is an unbiased source of truth for myself. Continue allowing those who can to work from home and have flexible work arrangements post pandemic.
Merck is doing a GREAT job! no further comments.
Truly give employees that can perform jobs remotely the ability to do so - not just during Covid but into the future.  Merck sites have not done a great job in the past to promote work/life balance.  This is a great time for a restart and for the Merck SITES to show employees are valuable and their personal well being is just as important as the company's well being.
Increase focus on Diversity of thinking and behaving
Better work/life balance
I think that MSD is doing great. MSD is a great place to work. I really appreciate the step that MSD took to support the Johnson & Johnson vaccine production.
Offer option to work remotely after pandemic ends.   Many are nervous about wearing masks all day and having to mix in with people.
Treat employees equally across sites.  Support early discovery.  Be brave about new science and technology.
Merck can provide few days off(Shutdown) to provide a mental break to employees
Enable more flexible work locations for people to utilize - specifically in big city hubs like NYC. Reason being this will attract and retain future talent, as location options are a large driver when making a career decision.
I think we need to do a better job of evaluating in-licensing opportunities and applying the same level of rigorous scientific analysis to these that we apply to internal programs.  In my opinion, we have spent a lot of money in the past on in-licensing sub-optimal programs and drug candidates.
Give better raises.  2% each of the last three years is below expectations.  In general I think wages are below market.
More holidays, free lunches
Better tools for managers to discuss diversity and inclusion
Improve and accelerated diversity and inclusion at all levels. Moved away from the norm of promoting within your work/support group due to your own comfort level with that individual(s).
Merck leadership needs to realize how hard everyone is working.  We need management allow the employees to take a pause before diving into the next assignment especially when employees need to shift to support COVID initiatives.
Continue to re-evaluate increasing salaries to better compete with jobs/salaries of like jobs with other pharma companies; continue to provide and evolve health and wellness support for employees; continue to create opportunities for employees to expand their skills and engage in the creation or development of new ways of working or new projects that will impact our company and those we serve which will help to build a stronger culture and ensure we keep the brightest and best
Parallel conflicting disruptive changes.  Risking sub-optimal solutions. Resources overstretched.  Pause.  Reevaluate.  Reprioritize.
Too much emphasis is placed on initiatives and things outside of regular work. If they want people to participate in them they need to lessen the overall workload. You can't just add more things to people and expect them to get it done lessening the pressure in other areas to compensate.
Continue to take steps toward inclusion and diversity
Move away from paper work orders and use only electronic work orders.
Possibly don’t act like the huge drug company that you are.
The workload is very heavy and it remains a challenge to pause and dedicate time to create and rethink processes and participate in new initiatives without significantly compromising your personal time.
Continue to keep us updated on current health issues.  I really enjoy the town hall's with Merck Leadership on the COVID updates.
Keep offering great benefits to employees including medical, mental health, health incentives (LiveIT) and family/child care. It's such a blessing to work for a company that offers these.   Keep stance/speaking up/out against racial injustice and politics and working towards a more inclusive culture.   Allow for a flexible/hybrid option for working from home once the pandemic is over. Working from home has been really beneficial for me and my family.
Continue to focus on what we do best - invent solutions and products to help patients live longer and better.  We are all very committed to this mission and have committed our hearts and souls to this work.  Continue to support equity and diversity.  Stand for what's right and moral and support all our employees.  That being said I would recommend we stay out of politics.  I have enjoyed working shoulder to shoulder with many different folks who have completely opposite political perspectives and it has made zero difference in our work product...because that's why we're here.  But when the company makes public statements on non-healthcare related policy it could alienate about half of the organization...and not support diversity of thought.
Simplify! Lot of things get too complicated
Evaluate the expectation for in-person office hours. COVID showed us that Merck can be just as, if not more, productive in a virtual environment.
Less complicated ways of working together
Diversity - a lot of good effort to improve with the best intent, but the metrics are looked as an aggregate for functions, site, etc.  As a result, are you sure there are not diversity concerns within groups that would appear to be diverse at face value but are all 100% female, from one geographic area or ethnic group, with the same work history, etc.
Continue to grow when it comes to D&I.
Continue being open to doing things differently; take suggestions from the field and make attempts to implement solutions.
A better balance of work-life.
There are 10 things: 1. Training and development  2. Workplace justice 3. Respect 4. Trust 5. Work-life balance 6. Diversity 7. A Voice 8. Innovation 9. Pride in a job well done 10. Avoid company politics
Lighten up and make it a fun place to work. Salaries of dedicated long term Merck employees should be as high or exceed that of newly acquired  talent.  I have been in sales for 19 years at Merck, multiple VP winner and my salary for my range in Oncology will never max out as I do not hope to work 10 more years whereas new and less experienced reps have been brought in at equal or higher starting salaries.
We benchmark salaries to the average. Are we not a leader in this industry? Why are we not in the upper end of the industry for salary? We lose a lot of great talent to other companies who pay more.
I would like to see our ability to implement our new technology's and company products faster to the end user. Also, I think Canada and USA need to work together better as many things such as marketing and materials can be utilized by both instead of each doing their own.  I also feel like these new companies that are building software and technologies need to involve the sales rep to get our inputs as a final product that we really need, instead of having to change it at the end multiple times.
Some way, return to the Merck that i use to be proud to be an employee of. I use to feel like i was part of the entire Merck family, not just a number on their list of numbers.
Great place to work:  have clear rules and expectations into a hybrid approach between onsite work and home-office after pandemic (or lets say with the "new normal").
Increase flexibility in process/reduce the hurdles to allow us to bring drugs through development faster.
Merck's greatest resource is its exceptional talent, and Merck should focus on talent retention including ensuring highly competitive compensation. From the Boston perspective, there is a policy of offering market-leading compensation. However, actual compensation remains at or below market, including as assessed by Merck's internal compensation metrics.
More communication from leadership.  Speed of innovation and product launch given the lessons learned from our competitors in the COVID-19 vaccine and therapeutic effort.  We need to be faster.  Break down silos.
Reward innovation.
It’s not possible - The company no longer pays for  performance or attempts to attract that kind of performer. They simply want everyone to feel good - it is de-motivating. It’s a popularity contest with participation ribbons. If you don’t play the game, your are ostracized.
Keep working on diversity and inclusion, include people with different capabilities, encourage employees moving from one country to another, promote sinergies betweet different areas.
set an example as a responsible company and be vocal and take action (ie: ensure that merck does not (financially or otherwise) support politicians/policies who do not stand up against racial injustice, voter suppression). Ensure this company is always on the right side of history and not ambiguous.
I Disagree When You Bring new people In And give them the Same Vacation Or more than the people Who Have Earned The Vacation
Removing barriers to get work done, alluding back to a question within the survey. We need to do better to continue to build strong partnership across all divisions.  I work and interact almost daily with different groups or areas within MRL/MMD and the common theme that I think arises when we are unable to work effectively in order to move the business forward is the lack of vision that we are all One Merck.  We should all be working for the best interest of the company and I think that is not clear or always true when the group’s interest is put forth first.
Minimize bureaucracy.  Recognize that nothing happens till someone sells something.
My view is Merck should remain focused on the mission of improving and saving lives. We are very good at that mission. Sometimes I think we stray off into the political arena. That seems to be the trend these days. People have their own views. And all those views are acceptable as long as they do not infringe on another individuals life, liberty and pursuit of happiness. We all need to be more tolerant and more compassionate.
Merck should focus on what we do and not take political sides.  If you take a political side, then you risk losing 50% of your revenue in the market.
dont just rely on oncology and HIV products
Better compensation (specifically base pay and annual bonus) to attract better talent. Our compensation is below our peers and therefore we are not getting the best candidates to fill out open spots.
work life balance focus (not just with words but with action)
Re-focus work on enhancing and extending the lives of patients rather than political activism and political correctness.
Outside of drug development, make it easier and safer to take business risks.
Please continue the mission of Diversity and Inclusion, and also supporting a GROWTH mindset.  I find my organization, vaccines, to be very conservative and hopefully, that will and can change.
I have been with Merck 17 years and I know we are a conservative company and I appreciate that to an extent. We are crippling ourselves with compliance, no resources, and rewarding the sales team. There was a mass exodus and I feel we really need to look at that closely. We lost great people and will lose more if we do not compensate the sales staff accordingly.
Compared to colleagues  in the industry from other companies, MSD is lacking in both employee appreciation and compensation.
It feels like we are not managing change effectively, instead trying to change too much without understanding the consequences of that path, nor ensuring the change is correct.
Provide training to middle management on how to develop people and sustain the expertise. Management should try to encourage and help employee to have long good career at Merck.
Stop allowing management and coworkers to harass and belittle others! Stop allowing favoritism within groups! Actually follow the 12 inclusive behaviors not just talk about them as though they are being followed. Hold management accountable for their actions and for not showing employees any sense of direction! Have HR follow up with any concerns that have been discussed! Stop allowing management to keep employees from developing and grow within the company! Stop allowing management to keep employees at the same level just because they dislike them! Stop allowing them to bring multiple people in the department at higher levels/compensation and ruling current employees out because they don't like them NOT because they are not qualified! Stop allowing management to hire their friends at higher levels! Stop allowing pregnancy discrimination! Have HR look into situations like these as well! Especially when an employee has been here working in a department for years!
Don't get political. We provide life saving medicine to all people of all backgrounds, thats our mission. Todays world is getting too political, we need to calm hot tempers and reunite our people, not fuel the divide. I already feel targeted by some of Merck's "inclusive" training but I understand the intent so i look beyond the microaggressions I feel are targeting me.
Truly listen to those in lower roles. Hear their complaints. Figure out ways to support them better so they can lead their teams in a more successful way and not feel like they have to work 12+ hours every day.  We are asked to report our time, but who is actually LOOKING at this time. Who is actually saying - Joe has been working 60hrs for months - we need to change something and somethings to make this a better place. We are getting there but there is still much to be done.
Less turnover.  Morale has declined even with success of Keytruda.  Group is a toxic environment.  Clearly there is a bias to clear out those “old timers” and replace with new folks from outside of Merck.
Continue advocating for Diversity and Inclusion to attract and maintain the best talent. Encourage and support more innovation in marketing strategies in order to better compete in disease area where our competitors have a higher focus on.
Ensure an environment and culture of "EQUALITY" where everyone is treated with respect regardless of race, color creed , title, or gender.
1. Eliminate non value added & redundant work; 2.either invest in upskilling teams on proper use of technology - if a dashboard doesn't give me the info I need to make/drive business decision then it's not helping the business or provide a business group to help create dashboards,etc.,3. flatten the leadership hierarchy in MMD - there are too many middle managers 4. reinstate the Change Agent group -those folks were eliminated but brought inclusion, change mgt, project mgt, etc 4. make a decision to have some groups remain virtual or a portion virtual so we can now hire the best people form around the world for positions, not just people near or willing to relocate to a site (MMD)
Provide allocations to employees to spend on gym equipment or resources for work like a computer chair, second monitor or docking stations.
Continue to use Inclusion to inform employees of important information.
Evolve and forget the good old days - The General Manager, too much conservative should walk the talk and as well the Leadership team. Innovation if outside the Leadership Team boundaries it is not welcome.  Speak-up - Although it seems you can  speak this is not absolutely true. In the near future if one talks, surely will be somehow penalized.
Stay out of the political arena since as that is not one of our core priorities nor missions.
I thoroughly enjoy where I work and what I do. I love my job.
Make working form home a full time option for non-essential workers who have shown they can perform their function following eventual return to the workplace
They need to revamp some of their processes with what the latest standards are across the industry. The have us doing so much administration that data collection in not a priority.
by more flexible and reduce bureaucracy process, open minded, real new ways of working
improve the work-personal life balance, be able to talk about mistakes without being judge or blamed on.
As a Manager for the Maintenance Department,  We are now dealt with handling procurement for our 3rd party vendor and suppliers.  There was no formal training on the Ariba system.  I spend countless hours on the phone to resolve issues to make sure our vendors get paid for their services.  In addition to that, they are not required to provide a copy of vendors invoice for us to reference once in the system.  It would be a huge benefit for us to have that as a requirement.  This will alleviate us to ask the vendor to provide a copy of the invoice so we can ensure that we are not being overcharge or duplicate charges being paid out.  Another tool I would like to see is a local person that we can reach on site that can address these issues for us the Managers and for our vendors as well, as lot of them are local to the area.
Rewiew their regional process of hiring, in my own experience I've participated in several interal job postings for Local Market/Operating positions and I never received feedback about my perfomance in the process (all of them rejections) after be communicated with the final result.  With out that feedback I don't know which steps follow to improve my opportunities areas and work to be a better participant of these hiring processes. Sometimes it feels like BSC is understimated in these processes.
Leave politics out of the work place and stay focused on the work at hand.
1) continue to grow inclusively 2)  Increase focus on core R&D looking 5-10-20 years out and be flexible to adapt on the fly to systematic, governmental changes along the way. 3) from #2 above, do not let Wall Street be the 'tail that wags the dog'.  Everything and every business goes through lifecycle transition; we need to be always resolute when we are in the valleys
Set a clear path for delivering on the strategy (what and how). Connecting the now with the future. Securing the base before moving forward with new projects. Ensuring a better balance work/personal life
Continue to support diversity in the workplace and streamline process to get things done faster to support customers and patients
The company should stay away from politics.  The company should also promote more their internal talent rather than looking outside for talent and expertise...
I enjoy my work and plan to retire from Merck. I would like more career development guidance and leadership from within my department. I am fortunately able to find resources on my own through networking.  And I am encouraging others to stay connected in this virtual WFH world by having more video chats, connecting personally as well as professionally.
- Revamp communication practices, transparency & silo-ing. We've made a lot of progress but there's an enormous way to go. - Develop stronger talent retention plans, beyond conventional in-line promotions
I have nothing to add at this time.
Provide more opportunities for individual growth through the company. Invest more in employee professional development (outside of assigning MyLearning assignments). More personal interaction between upper management and on-the-floor employees.
I think we should communicate how this data is being used to influence change.  Leaders should continue to role model flex for success, and share how they are creating balance in their lives.  We should remove barriers to personal development, role modeling time taken to learn new skills. Continue emphasis on being people first More generous vacation time
Reign in non-value added dictates and requirements from compliance groups that are completely out-of-touch with how work happens on the floor.  Eliminate PtP and HR self-management models which have turned highly valued managers and technical personnel into clerks who spend large amounts of time struggling with systems, executing transactions, resolving invoicing issues with suppliers, trying to resolve inaccurate pay of their subordinates, etc.
Diversity more and more  Give every one a chance to show hismself well and show his capabilities
Better connection between different platforms
I was sad when CEO announced they were leaving.
Why shouldn't all employees be in Company employee development program?   So the fact that only a select few are, makes me skeptical of my future opportunities at the Company.
improve your employees' benefit package
Local HR Lead is doing a great job on work prioritization and is well able to say.... No / Not this year / Not HR supported. HRBP role encompasses significant, complex & time consuming project management responsibilities. As an example,  specification, budgeting, deployment, implementation, upgrading, and ongoing communication & administration of sitewide T&A system. We need help in the project management space, this work is business critical and consumes a lot of HRBP time.
As an individual that holds to what would be considered more "historically traditional" values, I'm concerned that my place at the table within the company, my voice, isn't necessarily welcome anymore. In fact, I wonder if I raise my voice and express my perspective and opinions about any number of things, my career could actually be negatively impacted.    I want Merck to be a place where ALL voices, opinions, experiences, and perspectives are welcomed and seen as valuable and equal.  All means all.  Let's make sure we walk that talk.  Let's lead the way in making sure that everyone has an equal place at the table, and that everyone at that table feels safe, welcomed, and able to be themselves, without fear or hesitancy.
Invest in their employees, balanced, work compensation, invest in technology to get help streamline work.
Increase the investment in resources, is really challenging to achieve results with less resources (headcount) and you want us to be less stressed, but how can we be less stressed when the workload is increasing proportionally to the cuts in resources. I love to work here, I really do, but we need to have more resources please.
As we begin to get vaccinated, I would like to see more team building events happen
Decrease the workload over individuals; hire more people
It feels like leadership talks the talk about work-life balance, but needs to walk the walk. Especially when we are in a state of almost constant reconfiguring of the organization, of the work we do and the the way we do it. — The main message we hear is "everything is taking too long" -- but there are fewer people, and no support or funding to enable speed. — Leaders attend meetings and answer emails while sick, and while on vacation -- or they don't take vacation. Is the real message that we should do the same? — Emails get sent at all hours, seven days a week. Should we be online constantly? — We are in meeting after meeting talking about what work we plan to accomplish -- instead of using that time to actually work. So we work longer days but get less done.  Leaders who are blind to the impact they have on their employees are not actually leading. We don't need empty platitudes and slogans, we need real leadership.
Improve the visibility of our charity work and increase the amount, and ways that we give back to our communities. Also, we have made great improvements in our work flexibility, and more can be done. How can we ensure that flexible working to help support familiy is equally taken by men and women? Currently most people applying for flexible arrangements are women.Could we see more executive team members embracing work/life balance? It is difficult to see a path to senior management without losing the ability to work flexibly, or with reduced hours. And this may slow our progress towards diversity at senior management level.
Although Senior Leadership verbally acknowledges the stress that employees are under, so far in 2021 workload for many seems to have greatly increased and projects have been accelerated which tends to add to stress, not relieve it.
I feel the right people are in place and with the right intentions to simplify our working envirnment so its an much more effective way to help us add value to our customers and pateints. We need to really focus on this as I believe we need to transition our mind set quickly from being a large predominantly primary care organisation to a much smaller, much nimbler specialty care company.
Enhance coaching culture
Equal opportunities for employees through agency and with full time Merck and MSD employees. IPT leaders (group leader and supervisor) more hands-on with its personal, better scheduling hours with resource availability, incentives for hardworking employees, use of recognition tools, cafeteria variety or change cafeteria service, growth opportunities, opportunities to speak freely without being judged or labeled as a problematic, act according when an issue arises and make it a priority to have happy employees so therefore you have motivated employees which will work longer and better to comply with the mission and vision.
Take more risk. Experiment. Less conservative. Merck vs BMS for patient access program has significant gap,
Understand cultural differences.
I‘d suggest we further simplify way of working, avoid some unnecessary routines/checks and focus on the key ones.
Tackling the problem areas which would provide the greatest benefit to allow employees to do their daily work more effectively and efficiently eg laptop hardward and software had a lot of complaints but is much better today and much more tolerable
Applying HR special policy for animal health team as they have specific job description and nature of work that differs  from that of human health team.
hire talented staff from rival companies.
Encourage more inclusion among leaders, better develop of employees with desires for professional growth in the same company and fulfill the legacy of "seniority" for employees with many years of work so that they do not rotate different shifts.
Provide more hommization actions to let people feel more warm working here, for example, small holiday gift or team building excercises.  More flexible to work style.
Work life balance that we can work from home . appreciation on employee eg certificate , reward
Always remember: We are ONE Merck
Get to understand more of each individual in your team, especially the challenges that they are facing and think of ways to overcome it rather tolerate it.
Keep doing what you have been doing for the past few years.Iam happy with the progress and communication in general. just be careful during CAO negotiations.We did not forget the way of discarding the value of 95% of the union employees during the time MSD shut down most activities in Oss.From our perspective the company then bribed a few people who had to leave anyway with a few 1 time euro's extra to get a huge paycut for the rest of the employees. the way that was done felt humiliating and the effect was that we felt to work for just a big oversees company, instead of "our" company what we in the past were willing to put extra effort in.Ifeel the trust is being regained by the company and i see more and more people willing and performing the extra step.If MSD does that again it will loose a lot of momentum that is building up now. so, negotations and decisions, fine. but not behind our backs please.We want the company to do well because we want to work here until retirement,my2cents
Simplify processes, empower local offices more, and remove unnecessary barriers for faster decision making.
Show appreciation to the employees for their achievements
Employees should be asked for feedback, but the MSD culture is not to inform upper managers because it has consequences, better to write "everything is perfect" and to discuss serious problems among us. Sincerely, no idea what to do other than change company
In a personal POV:  To let me enough confidence to speak about myself with relevant managers / HR team without thinking that it will create negative impression about myself.  The description of my role didn't describe in a pure mind and unfortunately I can't speak about it with the local managers that dealt with that process.
There needs to be a change in how data is shared (it's not efficient right now), less reliance on Excel for important systems (should be a dedicated system instead of a shared spreadsheet in many cases), improvement in IT reliability and replacement of outdated systems. This is a very science driven company which is great, some modernization in advancing our work and removing bureaucracy would go a long way.
hard-working; passion; balance the live and work
Highlight the risk of unconscious bias specially with people managers  Performing 360 survey for people managers
Introduce more regulatory intelligence forums that allows people to know and understand the various roles functional groups have in medicine access. Forums need to be very high level, easy to understand by all.  Currently in todays world, only the privileged will be preview to all of the diverse functions and work available in the world.  I think that these intelligence forums will be beneficial internally to allow current employees to know where to progress in their careers. This is also something that can be potentially available to the public, to drive in the right young talents.
strong R&D and BD
Stay open minded, communicate changes in a timly manner and embed all employees.
Nothing comes to my mind yet, as I am very new to the company (7 weeks). I can say, though, that we should CONTINUE having space to ask questions. This is a big asset in the company.
Some items take too long to come to fruition. I recently supported a  ritual conference where I borrowed a laptop from headquarters. It took at least four phone calls to the helpdesk to find out the status. The submission of the conference for approval, took a long time for compliance to approve. I believe the process took about six weeks.  Another item that takes a very long time is a submission to Veeva.It may be a week before someone reaches back out from the Veeva team to answer a question the helpdesk could not.  It takes a fair amount of dogged persistence to get answers sometimes.   That being said, I value my position at Merck very much. I enjoy working with my teammates. I get a lot of satisfaction helping or assisting others with questions they may have. I would not trade this position for anything :-) My manager always supports my initiatives in the field when it come to compliantly driving business.
Continue to invest in life saving and improving medicines and vaccines.  Merck labs need to product more drugs that have commercial value.
Provide better laptops and update them more frequently.  Offer more flexible hours (year-long flexible Fridays) to account with the current reality of working from home and the explosion of the "classic" work hours and days.
Continue promoting equality and diversity  - it's good to hear the message and know the company is supportive.
Continue breaking down Silos, Foster one MSD mindset, drive innovation
Digitalization is great if it is accompanied with sufficient training and time for people to adapt to use of the tool. So many new tools being introduced that it is making data visible without giving people the time to get to grips with the information, whilst in the mean-time leadership are reacting to the data - causing more churn and stress.
Share in the company’s success by issuing RSUs to lower bands.  They drive the business and are the faces of Merck.
Review the tasks that lack governance and ensure there is proper governance in place and also ensure there is documentation in place that requires the continuation of that governance after personnel changes.
Resources for working Home Office, like bandwidth, printers, scanners. Support for mental health
Leaders need to respect more work schedules and not schedule meetings or make out-of-hours calls.
I think Merck is doing a great job
Fear stifles innovation and progress, we need to get out of our own way.  Not everyone is responsible for business performance and those that are not want zero risk.  For example: a review board told our team that an animated character "needed to be whiter" for an unbranded promotional resource.  Unbranded is low risk!  We have an obligation to use our power for the good of others especially those negatively impacted by social determinates of health or where there are disparities in care.
Remove red tape. It feels like every SOP is written to prevent work getting done. There is a standing joke that MSD stands for making selling difficult.
I have the perception that new external employees are more valuable (higher salary) than those who have been with the company for a long time. I believe this is shared by many long time employees. If the perception is widespread, or if the thought is true, then Merck should address it by either more transparency or more value to long term employees.
Free and open communication on the status of the company and future direction
Allow for dialog and create an environment to manage the tensions between opposing views (Diversity and Inclusion)
Please listen to the employees here and our concerns. We would all like someone with a higher power step in and ask questions and look at what we're dealing with here at this newly purchased company of Mercks. Thank you for your time and opportunity to voice our concerns.
Move away from total global standardization type of thinking and allow local sites to manage at their own level. Plus, not allowing the shifting culture to drive business decisions that will ultimate effect the employee. Keep in mind that not everyone feels the same way about certain topics, whether business or social, and if the company insist on an inclusive environment there must be a more level headed thinking from top to bottom.
Merck needs to take greater risks to help our customers deliver on their goals to help patients. We can certainly remain a very ethical company, while still doing things that closely mirror what many of our competitors are willing to do, as long as we keep our customers and their patients at the forefront of our decisions.
Continue to provide timely communication to employees. Post COVID allow employees to balance work/personal by permitting a blended onsite/remote ability to work as we have shown we can continue business in this manner.
Consider reviewing making the option to work from home , when appropriate, ad company standard option. Merck has shown how successful it can be. There are times coming to site is a necessity or even an improvement in communication. However, there are also times, when working from home can be equally as successful. Thank you!
Make sure local managers are fair and treat all people the same. Or have more diverse management .
Provide more long term incentives at Associate Director level and lower so that employees gets a sense of belonging. The long term incentives at Merck are not competitive to other companies of same size.
I think MSD/Merck is already the best company for people to work for. I can't think of any improvements!
Cut down on email and provide some training on new systems such as the new team site and spot fire.
Objective studies confirming policies are doing what they are designed to do - bring objectivity to aspirations
Great place to work: uniformity / standardization regarding work expectations amongst managers.  There seems to be much diversity around what is expected of us during these times amongst managers.
We could reintroduce financial incentives akin to stock options that would tie more tightly the financial stability of our employees to the financial success of the company. Right now, those two things are not always aligned.
Reconsider the open office concept. It does not work for all personality types.
since the majority of people are now working from home, we need a better IT department...meaning a local department, like the SPOT only more robust.
Ensure departments have proper local resourcing and staff for the workload so that employees can experience less stress and proper work-life balance. Limit the constant introduction of new initiatives, systems and programs. Limit the abundance of mylearnings to what is really essential for each role. If the number of learnings cannot be reduced, then attempt to find ways of making learnings shorter and more concise, this will not only help with engagement but will also allow for more time to do other work.
Ensure that teams are appropriately staffed for the amount of work required.
In the short term continue to focus on D & I , how to re-engage / bring back in the many colleagues who are remote working for over 1 year now, what should be the allowed work practices for the future ( WFH Hybrid etc.)  Complete the Organon spin  and ensure that RemainCo is set up effectively for the future. But clearly communicate to RemainCo the vision , allot of concern out there that major restructuring may be coming
Keep focusing on investing in our future pipeline and communicating on our core mission, both internally and externally.
The imbalance or disparity between supposedly 'equivalent' band levels across different parts of the organization is exceptionally de-motivating.  The expectations to advance in some organizations are significantly different than others.  This flies in the face of the compensation and career framework.  As we work to have a more 'boundaryless' organization which can handle not just the well-defined modalities, but those which blend modalities (e.g., Antibody Drug Conjugates, peptides/proteins, etc.), the discrepancies between positions is becoming even more clear as people from different parts of the organization cross paths.
Above site teams understanding sites priorities in relation to global initiatives prior to initiating a project that impacts the sites.
Merck is too processes heavy - we spend 75% of our daily work on either doing trainings on new systems, trying to figure out new SOPs while trying to move activities through those extremely long and complex SOPs. Too many systems, too many metrics, global, local etc.  The bulk of our energy is focused internally as opposed to externally for your customers, our patients! We are not doing what we are supposed to do which is lead in the world of pharma and healthcare.
Value hands-on experience, technical skills. Value innovation and new things that people have brought to the company. Example: Hubs and the work toward transformation that had been done by Hubs in last 5 years is not appreciated enough. Hubs lose decision power
Continue the fantastic drive towards diversity. This is definitely the most diverse company I've worked at in my (short) career.   Training and development definitely needs to be improved. I'm within my first year, but surprised at how few development opportunities are presented. It seems that a lot of tasks/projects are assigned to senior members of the group. I understand wanting your best people to complete higher priority objectives; however, from my perspective these senior members are relied on much too heavily. They are working 60 hours/week when we have other, newer colleagues who hardly reach 40 hours. Load leveling and delegating needs to be improved.
Let the sales reps get back in the territory. My territory is not accepting of remotes and the Red status is causing me stress. I cannot have an impact if I cannot be in the offices.  This has been a miserable experience!
RETAIN talented people in the long run, not just hire them and let them go to work for our competitors when they are fully trained and experienced. SIMPLIFY internal processes and administration. CONNECT company systems to communicate with each other and eliminate redundancies so people would not need to perform the same steps/tasks in several systems. RESPECT employee work-life balance by hiring the right number of employees even in small countries.
Merck must invest more in educating its employees and providing them with opportunities for growth. Improve salary compared to the competition.
Treat all employees equally.  We have special calls when certain ethnic/racial classes are targeted by violence, but silence when a group of white individuals were murdered.
Ensure management provide clear direction and tools to allow teams to delivery the expections !
Merck could increase the level of communication and the clarity of communication between HQ and the field sales organization.  Recent HQ changes have been made, and they were not properly communicated to the field sales organization in a clear and  explanatory manner.  The timeliness and clarity of all communications could significantly be enhanced overall.
During a pandemic, Merck should allow an employee's spouse to be utilized for the Backup Child Care option. There are instances where the parents may not need to quarantine but the child does (example: child was exposed to COVID at daycare). It is unreasonable to ask someone outside of the immediate family to provide childcare for your child and put them at risk for contracting COVID. Without this option, many parents need to find ways to work from home and take care of their child at the same time which can result in not high quality work or mistakes made.   Vaccination clinics for the COVID vaccine should be held on site like we do for the flu shot. We should set an example to the rest of our local community.
stablish more opportunities to grow at the company
Being as transparent as possible about future organizational plans/product promotions.  Also to continue to the give customer facing employees the tools and flexibility they need to connect with customers not only in-person, but also remotely and in the digital space.  We need to the ability to balance compliance with engagement via email, text and other digital platforms.
This may only apply to me, but I do think the specialty sales organization could do a slightly better job of rewarding our performances. I was very disappointed that there was no VP award for 2020. Yes, I know there was a pandemic, but many of my friends at other pharma companies still had the opportunity to win that coveted reward in 2020. It was a tough year and I did place in the top 10% . We still had the entire first quarter to start strong and then the rest of the year to interact in new and virtual ways which I embraced and feel as though my successes were swept under the table.  A bit disappointing. However I do love this company, my team, my CTL and my overall job. I feel very lucky.
Be proactive about backfilling significant leadership positions in more timely fashion. Our division GWES is going through significant leadership changes that are not sustainable without prompt backfill and/or clear communication to the employee population of how we will bridge this gap.   Otherwise, I am extremely proud to be a Merck / MSD employee and feel supported in my role!
The lack of mobility through the research ladder can be demoralizing. Some people go their whole careers, which are successful, only getting two promotions. I wish we had more steps in the promotion ladder so you could see yourself progressing more than once every 5-10 years.
Working with some risks as opposed to do everything without taking any risks.
Management must focus more on 'managing' company, the pipeline and the products we produce, refrain from getting into politics which sways us further to partisanship. As a minority, i value diversity and I have been successful partly because of the support of my (white) co-workers. With the current climate and the 'diversity' training employees are asked to complete, I feel at some point we are moving towards reverse-discrimination.
The flexibility of work has been on display for the past year due to the pandemic. Once the pandemic is over, the flexibility should stay as an option to employees (i.e. working hours, remote working).
While I believe the company had done wonders to increase inclusion since I started many years ago, it feels as if there has been some back sliding in the last year. I am concerned with the lack of female representation in upper management especially.
More communication and transparency across the research divisions on how decisions and strategic directions are made.  This has improved recently but could be even better.  Additionally, valuing diversity of opinion and scientific input at every level -- there is still quite a bit of "politics" that make people feel disenfranchised.
stop taking from hourly employees to feed the greed
Stop thinking that being the number one oncology company is only about the science and new indications.  Our customers want partners that share their vision of the future and how to get there.  We are a vendor with really good cancer therapies, but we are not considered a partner
Continue the spirit of progressiveness that has been sparking in recent years - LOVE IT.   Please continue to value our employees and their commitment to our organization.  Please consider a remote office working model for certain types of jobs.
Walk the Talk
I am stressed out beyond belief about everything going on in the world. COVID cases, racial injustices, mass shootings. I am finding it hard to work and function at my best when I am constantly on edge by current events. I don't expect Merck to do anything about the injustices in the world but I find myself feeling very guilty when I have a hard time being productive at work.
Continue to embrace and leverage the emerging technology and how that will shape healthcare discovery so we can deliver on our mission of innovation and discovery to improve lives.  Our brand needs to continue to live out the legacy of George Merck.
i have no idea. these are weird times. Maybe stop creating anxiety in me in suggesting going back to the office (that sounds horrible)
I would like that MSD support their employees and families to get access to the vaccine of COVID-19, since some of us works in non-equitative countries.
Continue to place an emphasis on employees and their well being so that they can freely feel they can work to during this difficult time.
increase the level of integrity. What is said is done and that is aligned across all the divisions in same or similar way.
Please continue the push towards a more inclusive and diverse workforce. There is still so much to do because many people are totally unaware of the importance of this effort, unfortunately
simplify, simplify, simplfy. : processes , organizational structures.   Eliminate bureaucracy
1. Internal Merck employees to be involved and worked on the ongoing Transformation initiative, rather than, outsourcing it to vendors. Merck employees have in-depth knowledge on the complex processes that needs simplification, manual efforts that can be automated, redundant activities that can be eliminated, and other cost-saving activities, more than vendors who don't have an idea on Merck processes, standards, and existing IT landscape. 2. To have leaders that can inspire and motivate employees 3. To fully embrace change, for the better.
Number 1, focus on developing new and great products. Number 2, focus people on getting the best resources and approval for resources that will help sales personnel get messages and medications to the people. Bottom line getting back to basics of providing impactful medications with a great salesforce and top notch support team to provide resources. Political actions and social injustice should not be focus unless it’s a direct issue with-in the company. People don’t want to work for companies that are biased, racist, or disrespectful of others. To my knowledge Merck has not been any of those and people still want to work for Merck.  Great medications, great support teams, with great sales people will provide a great future.
Do meaningfull work. Work in smaller teams with easier targets. Avoid very long running projects. Really become more agile.
Senior leadership to embrace and act on what we need to do to change, our data is our strategic asset and is owned by MSD not individuals/teams but everyone is accountable for it's accuracy
1. Simplify processes and eliminate unnecessary administrative tasks. Everything is extremely complicated, processes that normally should consist of 2 steps consist of 5. There are too many things that have to approved by too many people. 2. Improve our systems and platforms. We encounter problems regarding these on a daily basis. Moreover, there are still a lot of tasks that we have to do manually  or create or own tools because our systems are not capable of handling them.
Safe to Speak up, Diversity & Inclusion, GIG's.... all brilliant programs, but in practice they don't work. It is not safe to speak up in our company, where senior management is concerned, unless you agree. Diversity is great but if religions keep excluding groups of people real inclusion is never going to happen. I was very enthusiastic about the new GIG, but I am not given the opportunity and the time to participate.
Recognition and reviews
Bring in more innovative products into this plant.
Adjust SOP to comply with the situation in Thailand
Insuring adequate resources (people) are available. We continue to ask for more and more to be done with fewer and fewer people and the expectations and demands from some leaders (at all levels) sometimes reach in terms of times and timing.
Continue with the family conciliation policy and flexibility with teleworking. Continue to provide employees with the necessary equipment to carry out their work at home and the tools to develop their career in terms of training and learning. Something to improve, update the spot in the offices, updatin the screens and dockstation
To further demonstrate Merck's strong commitment to helping employees reach a successful work/life balance, maybe discourage management and leaders from communicating to and expecting employees to be online all hours of days, nights, and weekends. There is an unspoken expectation when management and leaders describe that type of work schedule and it may be difficult for some employees to be available on weekends or evenings on a consistent basis.
Better priorization of activities. We have many projects in process and all of them use the same resources.
At West Point, I feel we work as separate buildings, separate departments, re-inventing the wheel over and over.  I feel we implement "new" solutions, but don't work cross functionally to really utilize them to the best of their ability.  So a step to take would be to continue to network across boundaries through continued & better knowledge sharing and through open forums.  I also think we get stuck on a train that has a set deadline and we are unwilling to slow the train down to allow for new information/ change of path.  We just keep moving forward fast and decide to change it later.  Due to fast deadlines, many people do not understand how the roles around them work- training in how other groups run may help us to work better as a whole unit vs. separate departments.
Sponsorship of all employees to embrace personal and organizational growth to ensure that we can fully benefit from our diversity.   Improving alignment between company messaging on our mission and the teams delivering on this mission (projects/products).   Focusing on new product development with clear end-to-end strategies to maximize the life time of a product under Merck/MSD and by effective business development when a product becomes generic.  Early strategic thinking about life cycle management and getting the most out of the patent life and generic life of a product.
Simplify internal processes. Speed up digital transformation. Innovate.
My only complaint is the disparity between Union and non-Union members of our department.  As a Union employee, I don't have the same work from home flexibility (under normal non-Covid circumstances) that non-Union employees have.  In addition, since Union employees don't participate in employee evaluation activities, we also don't get to share in the company's success in the way of bonuses and stock options.
Senior leadership needs to be more in touch with the state of affairs within their organization in from both a macro and micro perspective from a scientist-facing position. Ie. go through all of the process steps a scientist routinely goes through from start to finish of a study, and understand not just where the inefficiencies are, but why they are that way (ie. questioning why things are the way they are). Sometimes, senior leadership is privy to a high level overview of their organization, but should utilize a fuller understanding of what their team is facing on a day-to-day basis.
increase management ressources and connexion between teams or department
Accountability.  Some individuals are given more work or challenges then others and are not supported locally to get this tasks accomplished.  Decisions are not made top down but are made from the bottom and then not approved by upper management. Management needs to be more available to make decisions that pertain to the departments they are incharge of and not spread themselves so thin they cannot accomplish small tasks or hear the technicians asking for help and direction!
I would like to know what other things our company is doing to help us engage with our customers from different avenues.  I would like to know if they are educating our providers at conferences and through direct to provider communications.
More company sponsored events or employee engagement activities to boost morale at the Wilson site (after pandemic, of course).
revise the work life balance to maybe 10 hour/ 4 day work week to be able to have 1 day off i.e. Fridays
Eliminate career advancement navigation filters for all employees to have equal access to opportunities.
Merck can be compared to everything wrong with Amerikkka. You say you listen to our voices as employees but make minimal to no action. Change needs to happen and it should have happened yesterday! There is no way you will retain talent in the future if you stay the course. I have many ideas and would love to give my insight on how you can adapt. People want and demand to be their full selves all the time now. Code switching is a real thing and people are tired of it. Everything from the pandemic to the social justice movement has escalated what is acceptable now in corporate America. What were you doing before the incidences that happened in 2020?  People can see through the fake love and they will not stand for it anymore. Merck needs a COMPLETE make over if you want to actually make diversity& inclusion a priority for the company. If D&I is a political stunt for Merck, I am telling you people see right through that and become even more upset. There needs to be disruption!
Change culture to be less risk averse and more future forward.
Work on compensation.    33 years later compensation could help smooth the stress
Provide guidance and resources to help employees achieve a healthy work-life balance
Merck is looking for diversity but they need to be careful that they don't create divide in the workplace.  Maybe more team building activities that brings people together as people.
I would hope that merck has gone beyond the old ways of pigeonholing good employees so they stay stuck in the same position for years just because they are so good at it. They need to be encouraged to learn and grow. They may be hard to replace where they are now but, they will also be hard to replace if they move up.
Integrating new entities into our financial processes and systems is not done efficiently. We need more resources on this task because it is causing a strain on our normal, critical activities. We need better knowledge transfer from seasoned Merck Finance Leadership personnel to new employees and the always new TRAIN finance leads. While a process has been developed and continues to be refined, there is a lack of consistent execution. The Integration leads do not give us enough support and the Business Development personnel do not help in the integration process. Everything is a churn because half the people on the TRAIN do not know what they are doing and lots of time is wasted. It's difficult to believe such a great Company like Merck is just so awful at this process.
To include resources and plan with consideration of long term effects for implementation of new product introduction and other quality system program. Short term success may not equate to longer term sustainability.
Inter-personal skills must be improved; salary bench mark based on titles is not sufficient, must be based on scope of works.
Christmas Hampers. very disappointed we did not receive one after the hard work people put in during 2020.   Also, more social days were we get to mix with MK. The football tournament was great for this, we need to bring something back similar (MSD Sports day perhaps)
Continue to include employees views and seek feedback in the decision making processes that directly effect working processes and conditions.
Continue to find ways to help employees manage workload across all levels of the organization in order to balance work/life integration.  Ensure all leaders walk the talk of diversity and inclusion.  Maintain focus on key priorities and be consistent throughout the year.  Open spaces throughout the week to take time off from back to back meetings.  Agendas are full packed and people need time to connect in different ways and create creative spaces for learning and sharing while working intensely.  Manage the organizational agenda so that employees can find time to contribute and participate in mentoring programs, EBRGS and other developmental program that are critical for our learning organization.   We continue to talk about agility and experimentation but not enough change is occurring in policies and processes to enable the changes proposed through experimentation.
Merck's leadership had taken a bold step to align their values with the aspirations of the younger generation.  These are progressive and the leadership has taken concrete steps to make them a reality.  I would like Merck to invest more in global health and striking more collaborations with academic institutions and invest in attracting top academicians into the company.  I am not sure sure what needs to be done to make that happen; maybe the publication strategy, creating an environment where they will have an confidence that they can continue to have some of that freedom?  Maybe more additional investment into understanding fundamental biology, agnostic of immediate applications in any specific disease area?
Respect the different work rhythms of different individuals，reduce unnecessary unexpected tasks
really focus on employee's well being, not only promoting, but make it happen
Rethink about the negative impact of multi-tasks and functions that employees  are suffer from it. Rethink about salaries specially in countries outside Europe and USA.
Maintain work flexibility and add resources
Continue to support employees with work life/balance, flexibility, strong employee benefits. continue to grow diversity within the company throughout the levels of leadership.
More in job assignments
Continue to be compliant but reduce unnecessary or duplicate steps in approvals. We have seen many MNCs still in compliance but the steps required for an internal approval is a lot less.
more engaging employee activities; more dynamic working environment; more flexible working hours/ways
be more innovative, more work -life balance
Flexible and benefits
Ensure equity between merck and our competitors is on par to keep and retain talent. add LTI to all P4 employees, not just 50%. i received a lot more equity at my last company and stayed there for >10years mostly due to that and the culture. merck has the great culture just needs to keep up with competitive threats from enticing employees to leave for the $. with the long training curve in my dept it doesn't make sense to train and lose employees. Also need to expand the amount of P5 positions as well.
Increase training program.  Cross functions need to understand their roles and responsibilities to support and complete company goals.
- Continue to innovate on ways to reach customers and patients during and after the pandemic - Continue of employee development programs
Clear guidance and on time
Give chance to work on project to junior employees, so that they can prove themselves.
Thanks for asking this question, during this pandemic every one should be assured for job security
Good motivation & support.
Availability of flexi work arrangements
Do people managers training regarding handling people.
Better collaboration between different departments. (Silos to Network)
Provide time to experiment. We are on a day-to-day basis so busy with our activities of the day that we miss time to take a step back and evaluate how we can do things better.
Continue improving digital skills, adopting new technologies to automate non value added tasks and hire additional resources to ensure work / personal life balance
cross functional and better communication
Having a proactive approach and less reactive approach ( following market trends, data) in what concerning adapting Practices and polices. being bold in taken different decision before competitors or market, similar to share bold expectation and aspirations
To give hope for the future, our product portfolio is quite narrow.
Working on applying the leaderships vision and mission in real life
Work/life balance needs to improve.  Support a more leaner organization in terms of processes and decision making that will speed up ways of working
Company needs to be more agile - processes are long winded and can stifle creativity and need to move quickly to changing demands of NHS.
Provide a greater work life balance
Align "back-end" to "front-end"- i.e. have processes and SOPs that support the planned activities
The process of approval (decision) sometimes takes too long.
I share all values of MSD. You have to give 100% in your efforts. Personal satisfaction and exceed your own internal goals and expectations have to be as important to you as impressing management. My manager is an excellent teacher, and delegated duties to me regularly. However, job satisfaction and long-range opportunity are important, too.
As people manager (8 direct reports) it is quite challenging to do daily business too. I would highly recommend that people manager should focus to projects, bigger investigations, process optimization and leadership activities.
Employee friendly decision, new product
Keep engaging with employees on these matters, it is a marathon not a sprint. The needs change over time
Have obvious career progression ladder in medical affairs. Stop charging us annual leave for the period between christmas and new year when the office is closed anyway
Continue to recognize the great achievements and milestones we have reached. Avoid a blame culture, focus on what we can do to prevent mistakes/accidents.
more dynamic culture. very low risk environment with no innovation and very little understanding of how to change the way we do business
Need to help the above site teams "walk in the shoes" of the plants. QSIP has been a huge challenge.  We rolled out the program years ago with a dedicated staff.  Then we took the dedicated staff away b/c it was too expensive and asked the sites to do their day job and implement.   As the organization pulled people away to do other work - COVID hit and QSIP still implemented a few topics and expects to pick up again in 2021.  This initiative has caused more churn, frustration, unplanned events (QNs).  It is also extremely risky that we don't ask anyone to physically train on the procedures we have established (I'm still not sure how to explain that to a regulator.)  We get Quality Management System updates almost daily which shows a lack of control over the global system.  To me this further demonstrates instability in our global Quality System. Finally, Digital solutions are not always the answer.  GLIMS has been extremely painful to implement.
Build Change Management capabilities and support employees with Resilience skills.
Employee growth, Performance appreciation
Continue to make the world a better and healthier place
Help people to maintain work-life balance, deliver resources to create a good place for working from home, present an understanding that work from home is a real challenge sometimes.
Continue to work on diversity and inclusion.  Post pandemic embrace the new ways of working to allow staff to work from home if they desire.  Organizations have shown that they can successfully deliver objectives while WFH.
more rapid decision making, less goverance and more action oriented
Increase travel costs compensation, since relocating is almost impossible nowadays.
Stop putting barriers in the way with our internal rules and processes
Manager training is key to the success of Merck and MSD.  Managers have a tough job because they need to understand the personalities of their direct reports and try to use this information to help inspire them to be their best!! I have been at Merck for 19 years and have greatly appreciated the quarterly or bi-yearly Skip-level meetings.  It is also important to feel that your voice is heard and have sight to the bigger picture.  By knowing where your work fits into the success of the overall plan is motivating!
At times the work weeks are really busy and it would help to have bi-weekly quite or rest days to allow catching up with work and training.
I feel so overwhelmed with all the processes and the many places to go to find what you need.  I feel like it should be easier.  I spend way too much time trying to figure out what needs to be done in certain situations.
There seems to be no flexible work arrangements available such as part-time or job-sharing options. It is either all or nothing. That is disheartening when other priorities must be relegated to the sidelines because there is no give with work. it is non-stop demanding work and that makes it seem if you need to take care of yourself and family, the only option is to leave.
support compatibility of family and career (flexible work models, home office, women in leadership positions even in part-time etc.)
I generally think that MSD is doing the right things to be a great place to work and deliver.
Have enough employees to cover the work.  We are doing more work, but no added employees to share the workload.  Very stressful.
Work life balance, Flexible home office
Recognition. Decrease levels of stress. More people needed
Career opportinities
Align the  financial resources according to strategic project needs, i.e. before deciding a business driven ramp-down, carefully consider pipeline, near-future projects and resources needed to execute. Improve /further improve IT systems functionality, assure seamless technical conditions as they are introduced (SIP) Continue the great progress achieved so far in people management, through the Leadership capabilities/skills development, this is much appreciated:)
Keep support programs open for employees, continue flexible workspace for working parents, and keep employees in tune with company updates. Create safe environment for all.
IT support and better technology for the company
Have people managers who focus on the right priorities and who have strong business sense.
Capitalize on better work-life balance
Build awareness to everyone to prevent yourself from cancer .
we need to immediately stop taking a political side.  I am a conservative.  You will alienate half of us (more than half of us I suspect) if you do not stop the political activity supporting left-leaning agenda.  I suspect corruption is causing this to occur.  How can I have hope in this company?
Include LGBTQ+ community goals in everything we do. Illuminate and tackle LGBTQ+ health disparities. Create a board and EC with visible LGBTQ+ leadership. Pipeline and offer growth opportunities to LGBTQ+ employees.
Increase Digital transformation
-I would appreciate having the option to work from home as much as possible. During the pandemic, working from home has allowed me to reach a balance between work and personal life. As a working mother, sparing the commute gives me more time to attend to my kids (e.g. attend school activities, after-school sports, etc) while still successfully completing my work-related activities.
Justice  merit-based work  promotion based on work evaluation, not based on gender and non-lab work.
Resources are overly concentrated on commercial planning, where many are only implementing what has been done for years. Innovation needs resources and empowerment to give other functions legitimacy to lead the way. For instance, policy and access need to be ahead of commercial launch so the market is ready when we arrive, but oftentimes, their value is measured by how they can help marketing this year, if not this quarter. It defeats the purpose.
The field sales team needs to be able to be in the field routinely and we need to be able to plan.  In the southeast, most customers will only conduct live meetings.  It is time to retire the RAT tool, especially for employees who are fully vaccinated.
work life balance
Emphasize more on science; quicker process and decision making to be more adaptable and nimble.
We need to improve the M1 role in Animal Health.  The work structure is too much for this position.  In general there is not enough band-with to handle some of the self-service roles that are common at Merck.  This leads to added stress to an already dynamic position.
Transparency on COVID and back to work plans.
Continue allowance for the difficulties faced with COVID pandemic. The first 4-5 months were very supportive, however now the pressure is back on and the support network is non-existent. Very difficult to balance work-life when the expectation is that one should be at the computer 24/7 and at hand to sort out issues, while child-care support is low. This requires evening/night work which leads to a poor sleep cycle.
Continuing evolving with all mentioned above!
make better step for a good work life balance
Stay in tune to the field and the changing environment- make it a commitment to be the first in trying new ways to interact with our customers and how they want to interact.
Have more diverse leadership
Continue to diversify the business and employee base
Merck/MSD needs to be more flexible in processes across the board to ensure that we are not making ourselves non-competitive through our systems and practices. In particular, understanding and playing out risk-based scenarios needs to be better utilized and defaulting to the most conservative approach needs to be further challenged.
This is a small complaint, but for the "Move It" pillar of "Live It", Virgin Pulse is becoming increasingly tied to meeting a steps goal and personal fitness tracking. I am unable to wear a fitness tracker at work, and do not routinely wear one outside of work. I don't think those decisions should impact my potential benefit to earn money back for living a relatively healthy lifestyle, and seeking resources on Virgin Pulse on how to improve my lifestyle.
reward their employees more often
Merck does a great job here.  COVID has shown how much we can do remotely - but also the value in being able to work live, in-person, with teammates and collaborators.  Merck should focus on ways to strengthen our already strong culture in creative ways once vaccines have been obtained and workers 'could' return to the office.
Merck is the best place to work, even though I work here for years I feel we are always changing based on new goals and tools I get to develop and complete my work. I am proud to be here and believe that the strategy to keep employees aligned on the plan to fortify the future and opportunities for keeping talents and promoting job rotation internally could also be a way to success.
Re-evaluate the QMS redesign and QSIP to help sites execute changes more easily.  Sites need to be given the chance to succeed and all the tools more globally provided.  Specifically for data integrity topic 3.2 and digital solutions.  Sites are not always equipped to adopt new electronic systems and implement, it would be better if there was more help from global groups to even come on site to implement.  OR sites that have implement to share the solutions.
Continue to focus on inventing medicines that improve patient's health
The tools provided need to work properly and additional tools need to be created so that we can effectively work.  There needs to be a re-focus on work/life balance.  Although this is spoken about all the time, it is not being embraced.  There are multiple days where our calendars are filled with meetings leaving no time to complete our day-to-day work, so we wind up working well into the night and on weekends.  There are too many mandatory "Academy' trainings that chew up 2-3 hours of our day for weeks on end.
Provide greater access to digital tools and have the system and organization in place to implement quickly
Please focus on development, making, and selling pharmaceutical products.  Refrain from being a participant in US and global politics.
continue to focus on patients and develop/bring in novel products that advance patient care
accompany our new ways of working, innovation, digital mindset beyond whats being said in the strategy or presentation from each leadership team. Each strategy should be backed up with real change in place in avery country. Also Give real opportunity for young leaders to climb to first line leadership position. Its hard for young leaders to rise to this kind of positions if the mindset to development is still traditional.
Clearly define the company strategy beyond Keytruda. It feels that we are placing all of our eggs in one basket. The recent set backs with covid 19 vaccines and oral therapy underscore the need for a clear path forward.
Review the CVs and make sure salary is fair. Encourage more work from home abilities in 2022 and 2023.
To identify the employee needs, in terms of resources, spaces, co work facilities i.e., good equipment and also to facilitate development resources as courses and trainings.
I have no additional comment. I feel very lucky to work with such a great company and great team. Thank you! :)
I am an employee who has felt like I have covered and struggled to find my place/voice for most of my 20 years at Merck.  This last year has been the most liberating empowering me to take off the mask, show up differently and tap into who I am as a leader.  I am hopeful that our leaders will focus on helping all employees to uncover their true leadership while also creating a sense of safety, value and inclusion.  I am hopeful that the struggle to be authentic and to feel empowered will ease as we start to see more representation across all markers of diversity and leadership styles in leadership positions.  I am hopeful that our corporate strategy will continue to stress the need for bold and inclusive conversations, accountability from the top to the bottom, diversity, equity, inclusion, use of emotional intelligence and care for the whole employee.
Continue flexibility, work/life balance, D&I programs.
Continue its strong mission for scientific excellence and innovation Employee development support Prioritization and workload management
Simplify the processes, systems and procedures.
Maintain the ability to work from home where feasible post Covid-19 pandemic.
Continue to focus on diversity and inclusion.
Continue to innovate and put patients and employees at the center of our activities
I'm underpaid. I was hired during the 2008/2009 financial crisis. I don't have much desire to move up the company ladder, therefore ability to increase salary. But my salary does not represent the experiences and value I deliver to the company.
Resources are constrained and clients tend to gravitate toward team/divisional needs versus wear a broader enterprise mindset.
Everything that they are current doing, I feel this is a very innovative, inclusive company where as we all can help achieve in this delivery.
Continue to listen to our needs and work in collaboration with us to help us in our day to day job
Be more competitive in salary with the industry. Really consider not mandating coming into the office so soon after everyone is vaccinated (summer 2021) with the understanding that there are those that still have high anxiety around COVID especially with the new variant & the unknown, although vaccinated.  Take more precautions when requiring those to be in the office, like a thermal scanner at the doors of entry to take temps upon entering.
I believe Merck is doing a great job considering the current business, social, and public health climate.
Merck needs to focus on D&I but not simply by saying it is a priority but doing more. There also needs to be greater accountability in all hiring for this, as well as when promotions are considered.
The manner in which Merck has handled employee concerns and safety during COVID speaks volumes!  The support, programs, resources and keeping employees safe.   Continue to be sensitive to geographical and individual situations and ways of still managing covid and responding to the ups/downs of the "RAT" map.
Ensure the limited resources we hire are going to the most critical positions first.
I feel very valued at Merck and appreciate the efforts to manage work life balance- but from a work perspective, there is never enough support in the infrastructure of systems and processes, so I feel like we are forever staring from day 1 and building a process from scratch.
Eliminate the rat tool and leave it up to the individual and the offices we call on to decide.
We have too many initiatives at once with less people.  Working from home has only increased the amount of time being worked.  Examples are: Spin-off with additional LROPs, knowledge transfer, creating reports, cost centers, projects, quick turnaround requests for data, system issues with it, etc..  We also have initiatives for BS allocation change, new PtP Ariba system, etc.  No breathing room and no sense of being able to have a vacation.  A lot of us did not take our full vacation last year or a full week off.  Lost a lot of days, even with the ability to roll more over.  Even so, when can I take vacation?  I would like to and NEED a week's vacation time soon.  Our manager is great, but not an example of being able to take off either.  They work even more hours.
focusing on making complex things simple - being innovative and rapid in decision making making sure the customer is front and center and that our systems and processes don't get in the way of being able to do this
Continue to foster an environment of diversity and inclusion. With the changing of the guard from an African American CEO to a Caucasian CEO, I wonder if the company will still be focused on diversity and inclusion. Merck and MSD should also look at employees' backgrounds to see where they are well suited for opportunities for advancement as we are not always aware of all the opportunities that are available for advancement. Not all opportunities are posted. This is the first time in several years that I have been asked for resume. My manager was not aware of all my credentials and previous experiences.  My manager may not be aware of my colleagues' credentials and previous experiences either.
Remove the recent barriers that create challenges to teams and customers
Work life balance is seriously out of whack at the moment.  The pandemic is certainly a contributing factor but we're also trying to do too much with fewer people.  I'm currently involved in 4 strategic initiatives, co-leading 2 while managing my day job.  At the same time my day job is expanding to take on work from two peers who're moving to Organon and will not be replaced.  As the same time, my team is shrinking because of Organon where I'm replacing only 2 of 4 resources while covering more areas.  Something has to give.
Ensure that we are at the forefront of the pharmaceutical industry. Continue to innovate and be efficient in manufacturing
Enable new hires' opinions to be heard - sometimes individuals who have started at Merck within a year don't feel like their feedback matters and it often gets dismissed by managers.
Pay us fair market value!
Continue focused on our vision of inventing and delivering those inventions to the patients
Focus on and empower work life balance
Benchmark to other big pharmaceutical companies in term of welfare and compensation for employees.
Keep doing the good work it is doing now
Focus on career progression roadmap in order to retain talent
Because of the impressive size of the company It is important to create a more direct and intimate connection between management and employees
Focus on basics and stop making processes more complicated
focus more on major objectives, less on non-significant procedural uniform
Merck needs to adequately equal opportunity and resources to talent that are truly keen to progress and make an impact. They should also prioritise internal talents before exploring outside.
We are being forced down a path that does not feel customer centric with regard to our communications and the delivery of relevant information, it is about what we are necessitated to include  - rather than what the customer would like to see included. We are getting tied up in knots trying to make resources and actions be compliant to our own internal demands, which is taking up hours of resource, huge amounts of money and a lot of energy by all stakeholders.
Utilize what has been learned with remote working through covid to sponsor  flexible work arrangements going forward
Instead of taking a global uniform approach in carrying out most activities, each site should be able to access the suitability of this approach to their process.  I don't think one fit suits all.
See more areas that work behind the scenes (Accounting, Payroll, among others) Give these professionals a little appreciation
Develop and promote the employees on the basis of their performance, key contributions and past experience with in MSD with required skill sets.
Focus less on politics
Continue doing the diversity and inclusion programs together with more training for top management about people management skills
To prioritize projects and initiatives for the quality and life-work balance.
more flexible on things like lunch, platform, collaboration, etc.
Many resources are stretched too thin. While the company 'offers' benefits for work-life balance like flex time, summer hours, and vacation time... it is difficult to use and leads to exhaustion. A career is a marathon and cannot be sustained when required to give 120 percent every day.
I think the company does a good job with providing resources for inclusion and feeling safe to speak up, but I am not so sure employees in a position of leadership openly practice according to those resources. I think many still don't feel safe to speak up because of previous bad experiences and its easier to just stay off the radar. I think employees really question if things have changed in terms of safety in speaking up if someone had a bad experience in the past.
Merck has a great profile in the public and generally does the right thing when it comes to public health like working w/ J&J to produce their vaccine and other great examples.  Value the mission!  And love that our CEO Ken Frazier has been a leader speaking out about racial inequities (and recent voting rights).  Am very sad to see him transition.    My dept did talk about inclusion, listening to others and highlighted racial injustice.   Merck did acknowledge the issues around the time of George Floyd's homicide and gave some room to talk about it.  However, as a minority, although these efforts were meaningful and important but honestly to me are more like a staged moment with Oprah to highlight an issue.   I am glad it happened as it needed to me, but I don't feel safer, better respected or equal in the USA.   Thank you for inviting feedback.
Learn from the benefits of the virtual work environment and support more flexible work arrangement post the pandemic.
it would be great to continue communicate Ways of Working.
Continue to invest in our people and the development they desire.
For capital vaccine projects, the immense stress and pressure of schedule delays and unexpected costs rest on the shoulders of the process engineers who must design the systems with vendors. Realistically, the cost of the changes that are causing the psychological stress is literally nothing compared to the company's worth. While there must clearly be some budget that we stick to, it is extremely unhealthy for the engineering team to be constantly trying to act on the company's behalf of designing the best system while also getting beat down from the company to argue down the costs. Overall, Merck would be a better place to work for my team if we had more support regarding funding (i.e. much better estimates at the beginning of a project) as well as more assistance with vendor negotiations and more guidance from the leadership team on the quality of a system vs. the cost. It is too much for a single engineer to bear on their own day after day for years.
Greater investment in on-site renewable energy
Reduced the bloating of a bureaucratic rule structure to try to compensate for training of our staff and thinking.  We need to adapt to the world quickly and innovate.  The required structures should be reduced to those needed, and eliminate "check-box" exercises.  Also,  there is a tendency to make a "best", i. e. perfect, practice the only one without weighing the time and resource requirements vs actual risks.
Continue to support the culture around "work anytime, anyplace" and maintaining work-life balance. I think we need to simplify how work gets done and leverage technology to automate time-intensive processes.
continue with the application of the policies and the good treatment to the employees
Allow for free discussion on different ways of working and support ideas that challenge the old ways of working. Allow for additional remote opportunities. Increase research/funding on future vaccine opportunities. Merck was noticeably missing from the table for the pandemic.
Transparency Motivation Rewarding
i propose to create more program/project to increase mental health/ work life balance for MSD staffs
Want the company to understand the current situation COVID-19 . Make target reasonable understand employees . Reduce the document work that causes mistakes.
As a person working in quality, I think there must be open communication with our managers, which should be first iwhen thinking MSD cullture. Here, we cannot reach our managers on many issues. Unfortunately, we do not have an opportunity to communicate openly. Working in a place where we cannot express ourselves can cause people to become withdrawn and lose hope in the long term.
that a manager doesn't make decisions about quality issues without consultation of the QA officers and therefore without knowing all the ins and outs.
They always keep everyone up to date about everything and always make sure everybody is safe & well especially during Covid.
Since we're working from home now, would like to have internet data allowance
keep inventing and developing new medicines to help people get better and live longer while strongly improving our safety environment at work and to also practice safety outside of work.
Make sure a department has all the resources needed to accommodate all the projects they are asked to support.
(Not applicable for my specific team and management but this is feedback I receive from others during EBRG events.) Encourage more EBRG engagement.  There are still many managers that do not allow or encourage EBRG engagement. Managers also do not celebrate or acknowledge engagement. I also believe that in order for Merck to demonstrate a real commitment to EBRGs, we should have a tab on the SYNC page for EBRGs and not just a D&I link burried in a side menu. Many people do not know about EBRGs globally or even how to sign up. There should be a main EBRG tab on the sync page to really advertise our commitment.
Providing employees better equipment (e.g. faster computer) and reducing hurdles in getting equipment to work from home.
When it comes to departmental decisions, those in higher administration roles are the ones making the calls that will affect everyone under them. These decisions don't affect these administrators but can have drastic affects on the work life of those in the department. I would like to see major decisions take into account the thoughts of the employees who will actually be doing the work, not just some shit rolls downhill and we're at the bottom and have to deal with it type of mentality. I've experienced this personally multiple times across a couple different roles within the company.   The Company has a terrible habit of polishing turds, ie, fixing problems with band aids instead of permanent solutions. This causes great limitation with the work that needs to get done. An example would be that some buildings do not have the infrastructure to allow for some of the ideas that the higher ups are pushing onto those working under them but the lower level employees have to deal with it.
The company should bring the salary at least to the average of the salary range and not keep it in the lower value, which could demotivate talented people and force them to move to another company. It should also promote a more work-life balance.  Company should also invest in best technology equipment and platforms to the employees for a better support of their work activities and to better enable the digital transformation. If the computer is always blocking, the server is slow, that impacts not only the employee performance but also the company. It should exist also a better company change control when some IT updates are performed and how they impact the current systems. The company should also promote a better visibility of its structure and the roles within the company across divisions since that would promote more collaboration and enhance moving from silos to network way of working.
Being more flexible about home working once the pandemic is over.
I believe the company needs to channel more information and communications flow between the major divisions (including HH, AH, MAHI etc.) so that we can leverage best practices across the organization, understand the Company's priorities and businesses and align our own approach & work accordingly. Although I acknowledge we have made a lot of progress in Ways of Working, I do still see silos and pockets of standalone workings. Key information is still closely guarded and resides in the hands of a few key folks - this does not make it easy to share best practices and leverage past work.  Decision-making in some areas quite bureaucratic and not transparent. While I am pointing out to what further can be done, I have to acknowledge that I truly enjoy working for Merck and MSD and think of it as one of the best places one could work for!!
Greater consistency between MMD and corporate standards.
Listen to both sides of the argument.  Or better yet, please keep this corporation stay out of politics.  The US is divided along political lines, so taking a side is problematic. Your employees are divided as well (on both sides). My advice is: Just stick to the science (which we are good at) and do not criticize people that do not see it the way you do. Those that do not take vaccines is NOT evil. They may be waiting to get more data and should not be stigmitized or forced take part in health passport.  Your health is your choice. We are about helping people (not turning ppl away). George Merck's mission is what we should focus on, rather than any concept that is vogue by main stream media (eg BLM, critical race theory).
Delivery on diverse pipeline of drug candidates, and develop diverse culture to allow the company to succeed.
Continuing to rigorously partition the research and commercial sides of the work being done, thus preserving the intellectual integrity of the research work, will go a long way in making sure that Merck and MSD can be a great research institution in the future.
1) Please eliminate scheduled meetings on Fridays. When meetings are scheduled a few weeks in advance there is no need to schedule them on Fridays especially at 4 pm. Of course, if there is an urgent need it is reasonable to schedule meetings on Fridays.  2) When staffing is spread thin, please do not mandate a less than 15 week filing timeline. 3) Please increase staffing in regulatory function - people are really overworked and mistakes are being made.4) Please reconsider how many vertical layers of 'review' a document needs to go through. In many cases, the author makes a change based on a comment only to have to revise that change based on a comment made by a reviewer during a later stage. This leads to lots of extra work and redundancy.
With the covid going on, it has been very difficult to find childcare. It would be a good idea if Merck had an onsite childcare facility or somewhere that supported Merck's employees and is available whenever Merck is open.
Be bold to break out of its conservative mode; catapult employees with fresh ideas and different ways of looking at health conditions; embrace public health and D&I as part of the business; increase compensation to match what other companies are offering; use your political leverage to be at the forefront of change instead of reacting to it.
Continue to develop great products
I think that MSD is doing the correct to be a great place to work.  I am happy to work in MSD.  It is the best company that I had worked.
Distribute resources according to workload. Some areas receive few resources and this significantly impacts the workload and quality of work/life.
Better base pay for employees outside of the US. MSD's pay range has always been lower than that of industry competitors, which makes it harder to hire and retain talent.
provide more opportunity for face to face meeting and get close interaction
reduce the administrative burden
Continue to take seriously the simplification of our work environment. too much is marred in policies and SOPs that are highly restrictive, and super confusing to execute. There is an opportunity to increase risk tolerance in a managed way.
Increase collaboration between medical & commercial - our current practices for engaging healthcare stakeholders are not aligned
start changing things and accept the challenge of change
As a customer facing employee it is important that as we get back to Face to Face customer meetings that understanding is there it may take time to build up relationships with customers again. Virtual meetings and phone calls while very important are not the same as meeting up in person.
evaluate and follow up on feedback given by employees instead of "solving by ignoring"
I'm very satisfied with the way of working
1). Review the method of reconciliating of Amex expenses. 2). Reduce the work load of reporting to ensure we can focus more quality time in the field selling
I feel there could be more foucs on peoples mental health while working from home
Streamline Change control. Recognize and remove non-value-add road-blocks that interrupt our mission. Ensure long term employees are acknowledged and rewarded appropriately. Continue to bench-mark against other potential employers to ensure employee retention.
The ability to be Safe to Speak up is gone and people are fearful of the consequences of speaking up
Work on keeping people. Our team lost so much knowledge/experience this last year or two from people leaving because they were unhappy. It creates such huge delays and gaps when good workers leave and we have such high turnover.
reduce the workload per employee
For our site its look at pinch points and bottle necks. Business processes are mostly not beneficial and should be looked at for the benefit of progressing the actual processes.  Show some appreciation to the people working from home, not just the ones that continue to come to site, it is often more difficult than going into work
Get alignment throughout the Leadership spine on priorities and commitment to them. I often see executive leadership alignment but that same alignment is not cascaded down through other layers of the leadership.
If merck really cares about employee mental health and well-being then actual helpful resources should be provided, such as additional employees to help manage workloads and real prioritization of projects. Providing seminars when employees are already over-worked, stressed out, and don't have enough time to finish baseline work is not helpful.
Customer centric approach.  Development opportunities
I think Senior managers should do as they preach.  If they say no meetings before 8AM or lunch or after 4 and constantly schedule them.  I don't think diversity should really just be a number or check box on the interview plan.
We are routinely behind our competitors, in spending and in managing risk. Merck and MSD should be willing to supplement budgets so that we can effectively "show up" like our competitors do at various activities, meetings, congresses, etc. We are so risk averse and conservative, our red tape keeps us from being able to be proactive. We are instead, reactive. It takes weeks to get approvals to do something new or to make decisions. We need to be removing obstacles, not adding them.
I think that a step forward regarding wellbeing and balance live/work was extremely necessary and establish it as an organizational culture and behavior.  This was made in our subsidiary and I think is the beginning of something very positive that will impact the employees and subsequently the organizational results.
Credibility  -Communication: Communications are open & accessible. -Competence: Competence in coordinating human & material resources. -Integrity: Integrity in carrying out vision with consistency.  Respect -Support: Supporting professional development & showing appreciation. -Collaborating: Collaboration with employees in relevant decisions. -Caring: Caring for employees as individuals with personal lives.  Fairness  -Equity: Balanced treatment for all in terms of rewards. -Impartiality: Absence of favoritism in hiring & promotions. -Justice: Lack of discrimination and process for appeals.  Pride -Personal Job: In personal job, individual contributions. -Team: In work produced by one’s team or work group. -Company: In the organization’s products & standing in the community.  Camaraderie  -Intimacy: Ability to be oneself. -Hospitality: Socially friendly & welcoming atmosphere. -Community: Sense of “family” or “team”.
the principle of "work more with less" is incredibly toxic especially during a global pandemic. when teams finally have sufficient resources to do the work comfortably we get flagged as overstaffed and see where we can have people re-prioritized. Many teams also have no pathway for contractors to grow and develop within MSD so we end up spending a lot of time, energy, and resources re-training a revolving door. We need a stable foundation and treating contractors as disposable is no way for a business to survive.
Review the Resourcing Model.  A huge portion of MRL is moving towards "contractors, iFTEs and temps" to do the important testing, development and important, but routine work. No every Merck FTE scientist can be "splitting the atom in new ways and innovating". Someone as to do the routine work, and do it well. Contractors are not the answer, they have little investiment in merck, care little for culture, and do the minimum.  Innovation is not forced. Period. Someone does not go into the lab and "innovate". Innovation is a function of necessity and if everyone is sitting on subteams, program meetings and initiatives at home, nothing will get tell.  you tell me. How is someone, working from home 5 days a week, going to innovate anything? what are they going to physically test, develop or do? Read papers? Review data (that they make the on-site contingent collate for them)?  Make a powerpoint?  its pathetic. MRL is riddled with R4 and R5's who haven't stepped in the lab in 2 years.
1.  Empower managers to be able to make decisions critical to their team with out the feeling that they have to double and triple check with their manager on basic team management.  2.  Ensure when possible decisions are made with the necessary level of input to ensure the impact of the change is minimized when possible or at least have awareness and be open to receiving feedback when things do not go as planned.  3.  Ensure that employees feel heard.  4.  Ensure organizations have a clear understanding of the different arms within their organization including how they fit into the overall puzzle and their impact to the organization or a way to receive insight on how different initiatives will impact their organization not only from the top down but from the bottom up.  5.  Allow employees to provide solutions to problems that may be different than the majority opinion without the fear of negative consequences.
Continue to make diversity and inclusion a top priority and allow permanent work from home where it has been successful during the pandemic.
Long term improve/increase remote work.   improve reward(something, maybe improve promotion $, it seems to get ahead people must leave and come back, maybe make people feel wanted) to retain talent.  it seems at the Durham site is loosing many talented people to other companies.   Improve communications at the site with promotions and news.  it seems a lot of news is through word of mouth.  it also seems information is kept from people.
Emphasized more on speaking without retaliations. Give examples, foster the notion. Merck employees who have been working for 10+ years still have a fear of retaliations (old cultures still die hard)
Improvement on real life on the job training aids & real life discussion away for the tier system.   More feedback is needed from management on important decisions in everyday task that although can be mundane do also need clear leadership.  Middle management leadership & fast decision making is poor
Add a roadmap and journey of where we want to be in the future, 3-5 years from now (to the extent that we can).
reconsider - more opportunities for employees to work from home who are HQ based employees.  there is a sense of fear of going into a space that someone else occupied the day before.  No matter the cleaning protocols set in place, it is still a factor is many minds, esp. mine.  i work with many colleagues who are home-based but HQ employees.  With the current situation, who knows when it will end, the safety place for someone is to be home-based.  The work is being completed on time or better than if a person has to go into the Merck Location.
Offer retirement packages to employees 55 years old and older to make room for new to career employees.
It would be great to see Manager use the Inspire system more frequently for effort and results achieved
Merck has done an AMAZING job supporting employees during this very difficult time, to say I am proud of this company would be an understatement.  Merck should continue to look at the adjustments we have made, whether it was working from home, condensed work weeks and flex time, and consider these for long term.  As employees, I feel we delivered for the company as well and proved we can excel no matter what we face.
gym or resources for employees health. pay overtime to salaried employees who work on days off or spend over 50 hours to make sure the business is making vaccines.
We have to get out of our own way and we HAVE TO do a better job at working together across the entire organization.  I don't want to hear but we are big it's hard....it needs to be figured out.
More robust training program.  More management involvement in day to day activities.  To ensure that work is being done and everyone is being held to the same standards.
Simplify processes, especially the change control process.
Staff higher according to needs and support the team that is there well until stabilization occurs.
Continue to keep open lines of communication and discussion of ideas.  Continue to value humans and our way of life.  Understanding we will have to provide new services to control core business.  Be willing to invest in non usual business services to gain customer commitment and reduce price erosion.
Recognize hard work Look at work life balance
I think as we challenged ourselves to conduct work remotely during the pandemic, we found ways to work remotely and continue to run the business.  It would be nice to continue a hybrid approach for working on-site and remotely.  This provides flexibility that is sometimes needed to find the right work-life balance with children (i.e. appointments, reduction in travel time allows more work time and family time).  Example...if it takes 30 minutes one way to travel to work.  I can work 30 minutes longer while getting 30 additional minutes with family.
Continue to support flexible work arrangements (including remote working when appropriate) in the post pandemic state
Would like to have information cascaded that is relevant to the company and/or product I am working on instead of hearing it from outside resources (new/articles) first or having to research it on my own via external resources.
Cultrue of Science and Innovation
I know it’s hard, and there are lots of people constantly working on it, but managed care access on most of our products. One of the largest blockades is when a product that would otherwise be a great fit for a patient is denied for insurance reasons. I don’t have much else to say, this is a wonderful company.
we need more headcount to  do the work. We constantly add work, but nothing is being  removed or stopped. The company is conservative in  its approach (quality , compliance risks) compared to our peers.
Improve employee well-being by increasing resources where needed.  I do not have time to focus on the Well-Being options rolled out due to my workload. The most certain thing is that there is always change : Merck and MSD's agility is key to successful mission delivery.  However, please be mindful of too many major changes in short periods of time : change fatigue, uncertainty and decreased employee engagement.  Continue to focus on the science and the patients.
Have more perks to reward the people. Listen in to the voices of the people and not penalize them because they speak up.
Things can be done with more transparency. Selection of people should be done on merits not on relationship and reference basis. Need more female leaders and women should get equal chance and opportunity become leaders
MSD should also look at Inorganic growth opportunities
The company is doing good and may it continuously bring relevant programs for all the employees.
Actively promote continued work from home (remote working) for those who's jobs can be done remotely and have a preference to do so
More empowerment to local teams closest to the customer, less top down approach
Work life balance
Company always should work on Ethics and value ,
Bring new molecules and brands.
we are very much concerned about LOE of Januvia, what will happen to us after LOE next year
Increase inclusion even when we are working from home, I believe in these times were are becoming more and more individuals which has an affect on the 'feeling; of belonging to a group.
Let’s work  towards the development of COVID-19 Vaccine in more INNOVATIVE ways , so that the vaccine helps with more coverage, and as per our motto we will serve the world the unmet need. Since as Vaccine pioneers MSD can make change in bigger way of Global health.
New products launch new initiative in work profile
More opportunities for career growth/ promotions. For example, our department has 100+ COMS. There are only 4 Sr. COM level positions, and those are line manager positions. If those are filled you cannot advance. All the COMS are in the same pool regardless of initiatives taken or experience level. It would be great for morale to restructure the dept ladder, so experienced COMs can be promoted as Seniors, without competing for 4 Senior positions, especially if they do not want to be line managers. Could there be another level/stepping stone in the career ladder for the dept( For example, Sr. COM level next, and then an option for line Mgr, COM)?  Also more training for line managers on resourcing so employees are assigned projects that are equally distributed
Continue to build and develop a diverse portfolio of products
Listen when employees speak up.
Set realistic goals given the pandemic.
Provide more work/life balance training.  Also, skill to manage the work load during the pandemic.
Promote people based on their performance, it takes too long to get promoted.
The work towards diversity and inclusion is great.  Sometime we selfishly sub-optimize our work or our team's work in such a way that doesn't align with the company's and division's priorities
Continue to further the work of the EBRG to support Merck's diverse employee population, continue to offer and encourage employees to explore other functional areas, build new skills and pursue their interests (via gigs, skills training & other programs that may provide certifications).
Diversity in every level of our global company!
Merck is already a great place to work! I hope that the few ideas I provide can help make it an even better place to work. Recently, we have had several new system roll-outs. While these innovative new systems will ultimately make our jobs easier and more efficient, the roll-out itself impacts daily working, as kinks in the systems are worked out. To be sensitive to this, perhaps in the future, we could test the systems with a pilot program involving a few products in real-world, address any issues/glitches, and then the roll-out to the entire group would be smoother. Also, we may consider rolling out one system that impacts the same group at a time. Coming up to speed on new systems takes time and energy, particularly when we are working remotely --- spreading out the roll-out of new systems can help decrease staff fatigue. These are only suggestions --- as I mentioned, Merck is a great place to work!
Through research, it appears as though high performers are being compensated much less than the market rate. In addition to looking at job responsibilities, ensure to review skills and experience brought by employee to the role. It is unfulfilling to balance work/life with work not slowing down and still be expected have to manage personal life, and ensure our mental healthy & safety are ok.
hire more personnel to reduce workload. Create a good planning tool for our department (+ stakeholders)
Make the COVID vaccination to their employees
improve safety to speak up and to empower employees. Plus to improve userfriendlyness and compatability of IT-systems
Increase diversity in leadership level positions. Diversity in race and culture. Gender has been the area that has seen significant improvement over the past few years at MMD West Point.
People say all of the right things from the top down about work-life balance but don't emulate or set good examples themselves.  Nor do they actually create action plans to fix what is really broken.  Our calendars have become nightmares since we've been working virtually.  We also need to create more ways and an action plan to feel more unity and connected to our fellow colleagues.  Merck has done some great things during COVID to help but we need to take a few additional steps forward because we are all exhausted and mentally drained.
I feel Merck has taken all the steps possible to continue making the company a great place to work.
Return to work in person.  Speak out against the fear surrounding the virus, encourage vaccination and get people back to work in person.  Allow people who are comfortable with returning to work and have been vaccinated to live their lives and return to work in person. without restrictions.
Give people room in their schedule to innovate. if you fill up someone's schedule, coming up with new ideas leads to more work that there is not time to complete. This seems like a punishment, which is bad if you want to encourage innovation.
Everything is good
it would be great if  over 60's could work from home permanently that we all live out the company visions/values
Merck has to really listen their employees to get better and make this company a great place to work. Employees are still not comfortable to give their opinion because they fear possible reprisals. That has to change.
Please prepare your leaders to manage people and not just processes and numbers. I worked in other companies where leaders really acted as managers. Here at MSD the leaders are working as technicians. There are no indicators, there is no 1: 1, I am not comfortable in providing feedback, there is a lack of professionalism when talking about delicate matters. I feel like I work in isolation and sometimes need to report some data to a third person (my manager), who can't help because he doesn't know how to be a manager.    This is not about just being understanding about covid issues. It's about working beyond the covid. There is a general impression that nothing is good enough.  I am very grateful to Merck for the support and support during the pandemic.  This is a translation.
I like our Mission and the strategy to invent, execute, and adapt to deliver on our Mission especially by adopting the ways of working (WOW) at Merck and MSD. Of the five WOW, Merck and MSD may need to take further steps to encourage experimentation without the fear of failure (planning to experimentation) and empower their employees to make certain decisions at the employee level (controlling to empowering).
Keep the MAH Baton Rouge Louisiana Site Open...
ensure people have proper work life balance
Continue to focus on the science while adding additional assets to continue to spread the concentration
Opportunities for growth so colleagues are challenged and can visualise a roadmap for the future of both the company and themselves. Looking at the latest advances in technology and implementing as quickly as possible so everyone can benefit from the advances in technology.
act on making thing easier for our customers to do business with us
MSD is a great place to work.
Build internal talents before hiring from outside.
I think MSD should look into small subsidiaries. Small subsidiaries feel left out especially in the company of "priority countries" - those that make better business. This is especially evident in study protocols being approved. Big countries will always have the the capacity to have a back up budget but smaller countries won't have that capacity. There are many good study proposals from the small subsidiaries but are not being prioritized so are left at the mercy of being budgeted from the countries' end.
Further leverage on current standard work. Some of the standard work is too complicated, can consider to simplify the process.
It would be good to understand how Merck and MSD will prepare &  operate in the Post-Pandemic (Endemic) era to attain the Strategy of the Future.
Provide vaccination to employees...rest is great
Manager can’t take criticism. They are not concerned about company’s benefit, only safeguarding their personal fault points.
I felt some of the important thing that affect us worker is not communicate earlier, we always get the information from the rumors' mongers. It will make us feel as part of the company if we are treated better (Timely sharing of information that affected us the worker).
Grateful for all that the company provides especially not compromising a thing this pandemic. Everybody adjusts with all that this challenging times come with, and a personal touch from our managers can also uplift our morale. Stability of our stocks would be of great help into reaching our patients the treatment they deserve. Time boundaries at work should also be set to deliver more quality and productive outputs.
More generous paternity leave policy. Currently only 2 weeks in Singapore.
Improve on rewards and recognition to staff and encouraging work/life balance
support and give opportunities to people who have an interest in growing within the business
Wellbeing for the sales force. A lot of good initiatives are done at MSD (yoga-fitness...) But impossible to be at MSD at noon for the sales force.
Increase the presence of Merck and MSD in region like AP and LA.
When we are allowed to return to the office make sure that we keep the flexibility that everyone showed the last year and stay open to the option to partially work from home
Take on Agile approach and Industry 4.0
Have a beter overview on what happens on the workfloor vs nice talks thru corporation communications (corporation communication => great workplace/ideal jobs | workfloor : no appliance of  corporate communication / poor level of commitment in MSD way of working)
Reduced the complexity, lost appox 40% efficiency completing activities in manufacturing over the 10 years with new systems and technology introduced, improve training. Confirm training complete and new personnel fully trained before moving trained personnel to new areas. We are continuously setting people up to fail, (sink or swim).
Roles and responsibilities of each individual (including managers) should be well defined.
Avoid customization of business strategic initiatives
It will be good if MSD would help promote the right amount of work/life balance in our IT group.  it would also be great if more efforts towards building a just career plan are put in place to ensure the adequate resources would want to stay on, and grow their careers at MSD.
The company always talks about strategy and corporate culture, but appears to be doing very little to actually enforce it. As long as people just nod along in meetings and trainings, they are free to do the exact opposite, without having to fear any repercussions. This primarily creates a culture of dishonesty.
Identify the right person for the right job depending on the qualifications and experience.  Be open about the various opportunities within the team and give an equal opportunity to its employees.
Prioritise ruthessly Ensure equal distribution of work across groups based on headcount and available resources less focus on strategy and more focus on culture
MSD was my 2nd home once but right now MSD is a just work place like other industry, i dont feel sense of belonging here. MSD should see all the Division in a same manner.  MSD should retain basic benefits for people working, Eg. canteen charging 30 cents for the spoons..
More resourced IT and better learning support and opportunities for the individual whilst working from home and definitely lots more pro-active team or departmental sessions
Better communication throughout each department and between departments. Communicating directly to the appropriate people. Eliminate having employees involved in areas that are not their own responsibility, so that they can focus on what is their responsibility.
To treat employees on the same job position across the globe equally taking into consideration job description, and its complexity and accomplishments and not on the basis of sales that has been made by the market where the employee works.
More diversity
Continue to innovate and create medicines that people need.
Continue to focus on science and delivering new medications.  The years we got of course and only offered me too drugs and combinations of things were some of the worst years for our company.  If you want to be the leading oncology company by 2025 you need to offer a pay and bonus structure that aligns with this goal.  The current pay structure will not get you there.
Bring new products to our Product portfolio, provide flexibility to engage HCPs
Integrate internal knowledge and AI technology with minding technology to discover new drug potential. Integrate all employee as whole with a great philosophy about Merck.
As we come out of COVID-19 and return to normal look would be good to review what worked well during COVID and keep this in place going forward at some level, specifically working remotely to support and allow flexibility for employees
To continue enhancing a speak up culture, as well as an environment which accepts and values different perspectives on company's mission and objectives.
Allow permanent remote work to those who request it
To give enough human resource for the amount of job for each role. To make understandable for every people how is his/her FTE calculated.
Improve the compensation system to make sure employees feel fairly valued vs. long-term Merck employees usually are undervalued comparing to external hires and they are penalized for their loyalties.
I agree with the new President of the company that we need to focus MRL on key objectives and priorities.  You can't accelerate multiple biologics programs without sufficient employee resources.  Everyone is overworked so then quality slips
- Reduce silots between departments / therapeutic area - Better projects coordination with lead alignments
Recommend hire an external consultant to perform audit/gap assessment of Merck critical functions (all functions) to truly identify weaknesses.
In the future do a  better job of balancing restrictions on customer access to customer needs.
Deliver better conditions to work at home, chairs, screens, desktops, internet connections
Let us work and see our customers with the frequency that we determine to be necessary.  We want to do our job, certainly in compliance with industry guidelines.  Our current compliance environment is so restrictive that we are being out performed by our competition.  It’s as if we let our competition decide on our rules of engagement.
It really is a great place to work not sure what more can be done.
focus on science, invest more into research, do not cut research budget, invest into geographies that reliably make impact (NJ/PA) rather than new shinny sites with no track record and experience
Collaborate with the SME's. Reward employees for finding major flaws. I found a major computer flaw two years ago and have yet to receive any acknowledgement or compensation.
Senior leaders should not  use the Company platform to express their personal political views both internally and externally.  Limit communications to content about our center of excellence of providing medicines and vaccines to the world.
Working with many other sites in the network shows how various the processes are in the group. How do we align the correct people with the correct groups to ensure decisions are moving forward efficiently? We have had some excellent project leaders and ineffective ones as we move to expand our technologies. Some project leader basics trainings should be extended to all project leaders in R&D and BTS and a standard project format would be helpful.  I also think we have excellent electronic tools available but need training or quick tips to efficiently use and adapt to the new way of working. I know these are out there and available but the opportunity and time to use them is not prioritized.
Suggestion to include free fitness/guided meditation/well being classes either on campus or recordings online, that employees can sign up for and integrate into their regular work day would help to reduce stress and refresh mind.
Improve the process and resources to be aligned with the Business growth.
Treat everyone equally don't just focus on the same individuals for Special projects and team assignments talk to employees about what they need to work on to get to the next level, no person should work at a company for a decade or more and never be promoted or recognized for their hard work and contributions to their Group and the Company.  See everyone's contribution and willingness to take on additional responsibilities acknowledge and reward all who work hard and go the extra mile not just Management Picks.
career advancement and discussions
Revamp SOP/training requirements. Make the training required more specific to your role, and when an SOP has many sections and applies to many roles please make it so I’m only required to read/understand the section that applies to my role. I often get trainings assigned that seem to have no impact on my role, and tested on them with questions that truly have no relevance to my role. If we could train only on the sections of SOPs/topics that apply to our role I believe it would encourage better understanding of the each topic, fewer late completions, and more interest in training when it directly applies to your role. An example is 06-QUA-125AX SOP that is 37 pages and has great & clear information but very little of it has to do with my role.
Encourage medical freedom.
Stay in course and execute the plan
Interview and take seriously things brought up to local HR instead of having to go to Global to have things investigated. (Not all employees and managers know how to talk to people like human beings)
Truly embrace diversity of opinions and work as a bounder less organization -  go beyond your P&L and drive enterprise mindset with clear prioritization and laser focus on simplification with outcome focus...
Provide resources (hacks, lessons learned) into managing work/life balance for remote staff.  Over the last few months, there has been an uptick in a disregard of personal time (breakfast / lunch) and an expectation to be constantly "plugged in".  Lunch time meetings are now a daily occurrence and team meetings are starting earlier in the morning and lasting longer during the evening.
help with expectations to be offline in the off-hours and weekends
Merck is an awesome place to work.  I am super happy and passionate about our Mission to Improve and Save Lives.
More managerial positions should be filled from within the company.  I am experiencing a manager from an external hire whose ideology and mindset does not help with workday efficiency and improvement.  It is seen in my department as more "busy work" than value added work.  Ideology and suggestions that was proven successful in another company does not mean success at a large fortune 500 company as Merck.
Drive Agile top down as well as bottom up.  With the pace of information, and the number of projects/meetings/areas to focus on, there is a lot of inefficiency created.  We need a framework (and Agile happens to be a good one) to approach our work with intention rather than randomly.
Continue to follow the mission statement of  discovering, develop and provide innovative products and services that save and improve lives around the world.
Clear and attainable goals leading to career advancement.
The vaccine sales force has the right amount of people. We are just not aligned like our competitors.
Reevaluate to increase the Chronic Care Rep target bonus of $31,000 - haven’t had any adjustment in over 10 years. Wish summer hours would apply to all employees including the sales force, especially after this last year and a half.
Continue investing in people and technology to advance the way we're working. The world is changing rapidly and we need to anticipate and change rapidly too.
Keep working on inclusion
Motivation for the employees to keep doing our work
Bring local mfg back into the company- stop hollowing out sm portfolio and network so that it is unattractive for recruiting and building talent.
More opportunities for career progression for employees
Initiates for personal and professional training for the employees
-Fostering collaboration and team performance in the areas that need it (individual performance is what is rewarded mainly) -Decentralize decision making and empower people to make more decisions on their own. Centralization is very disruptive and slows down improvements -Careful with extremely stretch goals (zero audit issues, zero mistakes, 100% quality ) they may promote dissatisfaction and low psychological safety (people too afraid of making mistakes)
The Company should ensure that employees have the resources that they need to work more effectively and efficiently and to have better work/life balance.
1) Value the feedback and communication from ground up, these are the things that people do not often see but equally important.  2) Work to flatten the org chart, flatter organization can help to cut down red taps and beauracacy.
Realize the amount of time it takes to truly do good quality work and align business priorities and work accordingly. Most of the issues and ironically delays I see stem from the combination of the excess work with aggressive timelines and low resources.
more focused, act faster, streamlined decision-making process, less/governance and meetings
Continue to allow employees to balance personal life and work. Maintain the good retribution to the employee. Give to the employees more visibility of what are the connections throughout the different departments. Give more tools to the employee (such as key contacts) to be able to manage the work independently and more effectively.
keep and maintain the work flexibility in order to get the work done but also enable people to still have a balanced work/family life
PThank you for everything you do and always strive for the best. In my opinion, it would be good to pay attention to people who support processes and business. A manager without support and a team will not be effective. All the work is also important.
Resourcing is big issue at my site. There is heavy workload and very tight timelines, Quality decisions are not always prioritised due to this.
Live as we learn. And let people be diverse, let people make mistakes that gives us experiences, and include employees in the team. Grow away from micromanagement.
I would appreciate a more well defined (and possibly narrower) job scope.  This would help me to contribute more effectively and improve work life balance.
Some processes should be shortened/less complicated.
Focus on innovation and decrease of processes complexity
Communicate better between sites.  There is valuable information lost due to lack of communication. The ways some things are done are different in some instances where if they were done the similar there would not be a disconnect in understanding when eventually communicating with others from different sites.
Morale in the cattle division, quite frankly is not great. We have seen a lot of talented people leave, and I think a lot of that comes from being locked down on Covid restrictions - seems like people left Merck to go to work at a place that would let them do their job. I understand that the restrictions are meant to protect us and our customers, but they seem to me, to be extreme and too far-reaching. Our customers are hungry for in-person meetings and I hate to think that it will probably be our competition that is able to give them that experience before we are able to. The recent Diversity & Inclusion training quite honestly made me feel like my company thinks I am biased against people who don't look like me. I am not a part of this demographic, but I honestly feel like the most discriminated against person in Merck right now is the middle aged white male. I'm trying to be candid but also not too blunt here, but this is how I feel.
Continue with the same path, continue working on the personal part of the team
More salary expectations and contribute to create a good work environment
Work together to become the number one company in AH.  We can do this!
Always consider the feelings of employees when decisions are being made.
Merck has the wrong people in the management positions. Our manager will go from one shift to the next and change his story depending on who he is speaking to at the time. He have favorites that is for sure. It seems he will only listen to the operators that are in the union (holding postitions in the union ). Its very sad but true.
simplify the process
Have more conversations about development and next steps.  Allow for resources to manage work life balance especially during work from home.
Some business processes should be simplified to be more agile
Please get rid of the RAT tracker.  At this point it is only hindering our success and putting a strain on relationships within offices with the constant back and forth of being in the field then out of the field the following week.
Continue to offer flexible work arrangements. For employees that can do their job remotely, consider keeping the majority of working days remote.
Ensure competitive pay/benefits including on site fitness center Continue allowing flexible schedules (start/end of workday, remote work, etc.) Develop and commercialize research pipeline Enable tech-based innovations like TEL
To value the effort of the people. Not only assessed by metrics
Eliminate non-value added work, and improve reliability of systems
I feel Merck's ethics and integrity are second to none which gives me great confidence in the Company's future.  The fact that Merck has decided to partner with J&J to produce their SARS-CoV-2 vaccine was influential in my decision to get that vaccination.  I feel there are a few things Merck can do better.  Due to character limitations I will be concise:  1) Too many meetings - I spend 50-100% of my days in meetings and am still expected to complete my day to day work, manage a team, and work on projects.  This often spills over into nights and weekends.  2) I understand that the Company scorecard is tied to performance but the reward we received for our efforts keeping things going throughout 2020 was less bonus due to a low scorecard. Not great for morale. 3) Merck salaries and bonuses are not competitive with their direct competitors (Pfizer, GSK).  Having worked for other Pharma companies Merck grossly undercompensates their employees which makes it difficult to retain talent.
Promote more female top-performers into leadership roles
create seamless onsite work environment to provide flexibility to work beyond "normal business hours" to manage child/family care, especially due to limited school hours/child care limitations due to COVID. Provide onsite resources to manage health and nutrition (more healthy food offerings) that can assist in more effective work environment. e.g. create small "gym" areas and "recreation" areas in every building that has a substantial onsite presence. with central location of gym on a site, it is a hurdle in terms of the time it takes for walking to and from a central gym while on site.
Health
Balance, Workload
Information
Culture, Speed of Execution
Customer Focus, Strategy
Career Opportunities, Promotion
Learning & Development
Communication
Communication, Feedback
Innovation, Infrastructure & Tools
Compensation, Health, Teamwork, Fairness , Responsibility
Career Opportunities, Learning & Development, Training
Efficiency, Processes
Decision Making
Flexibility, Innovation
Communication, Covid
Decision Making, Processes
Career Opportunities
Health, Safety, Covid
Speed of Execution
Efficiency, Learning & Development
Processes, Speed of Execution
Accomplishment, Communication, Feedback
Career Opportunities, Culture, Diversity, Efficiency, Fairness
Cross Team Collaboration, Teamwork
Cross Team Collaboration, Teamwork
Burnout, Communication, Information, Teamwork
Empowerment, Motivation, Well-being
Career Opportunities
Communication, Culture, Performance Evaluation
Communication
Culture, Diversity, Performance Evaluation, Processes, Promotion, Recognition, Fairness
Empowerment, Strategy
Career Opportunities, Communication, Teamwork, Recruitment
Benefits, Diversity, Trust
Burnout, Culture, Meetings, Workload, Covid
Prospects
Compensation, Pay
Diversity, Site
Coaching, Communication, Flexibility, Innovation, Remote Working
Balance, Flexibility, Prospects, Remote Working, Site, Covid, Great Place
Motivation, Vision, Goals
Learning & Development, Training
Culture, Flexibility, Health, Remote Working, Safety, Covid, Well-being
Communication, Efficiency, Financials, Job Security, Remote Working, Workload
Creativity
Prospects, Strategy
Processes, Infrastructure & Tools, Technical Support
Bonus, Communication, Compensation, Vision
Education, Learning & Development, Processes
Processes, Training
Flexibility, Infrastructure & Tools
Cross Team Collaboration, Flexibility, Learning & Development, Meetings, Remote Working
Communication
Communication
Customer Focus
Career Opportunities, Compensation, Competition, Flexibility, Learning & Development, Pay
Decision Making
Communication, Meetings
Workload, Covid
Balance, Culture, Decision Making, Diversity, Flexibility, Purpose, Climate
Financials, Pay, Processes, Prospects, Teamwork
Creativity, Innovation, Valued
Culture, Remote Working, Covid
Culture, Empowerment, Learning & Development, Strategy, Purpose
Communication, Processes, Time Off, Site
Accomplishment, Balance, Communication, Culture, Learning & Development
Processes, Prospects, Covid
Learning & Development, Strategy
Balance, Inclusion, Processes
Flexibility
Communication
Career Opportunities, Coaching, Training
Communication, Decision Making, Processes
Balance, Burnout, Communication, Compensation, Pay, Speed of Execution, Time Off, Workload
Compensation, Pay, Recruitment
Processes, Speed of Execution, Workload, Infrastructure & Tools
Pay, Facilities
Compensation, Competition, Promotion
Social Activities, Goals, Covid
Career Opportunities, Meetings, Promotion
Prospects, Recommend, Infrastructure & Tools, Communication Tools
Career Opportunities, Culture, Innovation, Promotion, Remote Working, Support, Purpose, Climate
Culture, Teamwork
Coaching, Feedback, Transparency
Career Opportunities, Promotion
Recognition, Teamwork
Efficiency, Processes, Covid
Benefits, Compensation, Competition, Pay, Retention, Purpose
Compensation, Equity, Financials
Decision Making, Remote Working, Site
Competition, Culture, Prospects, Strategy, Well-being
Balance, Efficiency, Processes
Accomplishment, Diversity, Promotion, Training
Balance, Flexibility, Meetings
Flexibility, Remote Working, Site
Burnout, Flexibility, Meetings, Workload
Communication, Processes, Teamwork
Communication, Competition, Customer Focus, Food & Drink, Meetings, Processes, Covid
Efficiency, Progress
Burnout, Diversity, Home Life, Job Security, Training, Workload, Recruitment
Communication, Learning & Development, Meetings, Onboarding, Fairness
Prospects, Recognition, Remote Working
Feedback, Meetings, Recognition, Staffing, Great Place
Communication, Diversity, Inclusion
Balance, Teamwork
Pay, Strategy, Safety, Site
Learning & Development
Compensation, Equity, Financials
Recognition, Training, Great Place
Career Opportunities, Fairness
Customer Focus, Processes
Career Opportunities, Promotion
Health, Recruitment
Communication, Competition, Education, Innovation, Pride, Recognition, Vision, Infrastructure & Tools, Covid, Responsibility
Balance, Creativity, Meetings, Well-being
Career Opportunities, Decision Making, Flexibility, Prospects
Career Opportunities, Communication, Culture, Customer Focus, Progress, Strategy, Teamwork, Training, Climate, Responsibility
Remote Working, Facilities, Fairness , Equipment
Communication, Cross Team Collaboration, Processes, Teamwork
Cross Team Collaboration, Micro Management, Teamwork
Empowerment, Feedback, Innovation, Teamwork
Infrastructure & Tools
Communication, Recommend, Covid, Well-being
Teamwork, Goals
Burnout, Performance Evaluation, Workload, Fairness
Flexibility, Remote Working, Workload, Staffing, Recruitment
Flexibility, Remote Working, Covid
Career Opportunities
Flexibility
Balance, Feedback, Inclusion, Remote Working, Time Off, Communication Tools
Health
Culture, Diversity, Pride, Recognition, Values, Climate
Promotion
Health, Job Security, Workload, Purpose, Well-being
Career Opportunities, Compensation, Competition, Learning & Development, Promotion, Values
Learning & Development, Recognition, Responsibility
Education, Social Activities, Site, Covid
Communication
Communication, Training
Balance, Benefits, Burnout, Commute, Home Life, Pay, Remote Working, Site, Great Place
Recognition, Great Place
Flexibility, Remote Working
Empowerment, Innovation
Infrastructure & Tools, Covid
Career Opportunities, Empowerment, Progress, Teamwork, Well-being
Communication, Site
Balance, Communication, Culture, Diversity, Innovation, Pride, Training, Trust, Climate
Pride, Recognition, Great Place, Well-being
Prospects
Career Opportunities, Health
Burnout, Flexibility, Time Off, Workload, Site, Skills, Responsibility
Customer Focus, Education, Pay
Accomplishment, Diversity, Inclusion
Career Opportunities
Remote Working
Inclusion, Strategy
Time Off
Balance, Communication, Flexibility, Health
Job Security
Flexibility, Remote Working, Covid
Flexibility, Innovation, Meetings, Remote Working, Workload
Communication, Job Security, Staffing
Promotion
Communication, Processes
Communication, Flexibility, Prospects, Remote Working, Strategy, Covid
Competition, Diversity, Health, Inclusion, Innovation, Strategy, Support, Well-being
Efficiency, Infrastructure & Tools
Health, Pay, Remote Working, Time Off, Infrastructure & Tools, Site
Communication, Diversity, Inclusion, Pride, Fairness , Covid
Balance, Burnout, Facilities, Site, Well-being
Communication, Culture, Climate, Covid, Well-being
Communication, Information, Purpose
Belonging, Career Opportunities, Promotion, Recruitment
Career Opportunities, Communication
Benefits, Bonus, Career Opportunities, Compensation, Competition, Pay
Career Opportunities, Learning & Development, Recognition, Training, Recruitment
Communication
Motivation, Remote Working, Covid
Career Opportunities, Feedback, Learning & Development
Benefits, Health, Home Life
Compensation, Pay
Customer Focus, Training
Compensation, Competition, Diversity, Pay, Training, Recruitment
Culture, Great Place, Well-being
Empowerment
Home Life
Balance, Home Life
Balance, Burnout, Time Off
Culture, Teamwork, Safety
Communication, Decision Making, Micro Management, Trust, Recruitment
Balance, Communication, Meetings, Workload
Communication
Diversity, Recognition
Diversity
Culture, Diversity
Diversity, Vision
Competition, Innovation, Speed of Execution
Communication
Meetings, Prospects
Customer Focus
Benefits, Burnout, Communication, Culture, Feedback, Flexibility, Health, Information, Climate
Benefits, Diversity
Communication, Culture, Diversity, Inclusion
Communication, Culture
Communication, Culture, Customer Focus, Decision Making, Responsibility
Safety, Goals
Innovation, Infrastructure & Tools
Compensation, Pay
Processes, Prospects, Strategy, Recruitment, Skills
Promotion
Belonging, Communication, Learning & Development, Meetings, Motivation, Recommend, Training, Recruitment
Feedback, Social Activities, Covid
Communication, Diversity, Feedback, Inclusion, Covid
Health, Pride, Prospects, Strategy
Decision Making, Empowerment, Transparency, Workload
Communication
Flexibility
Flexibility, Processes
Staffing
Communication, Company Growth, Culture, Financials
Career Opportunities, Financials
Efficiency
Accomplishment, Compensation, Equity
Health, Facilities
Communication, Efficiency, Meetings
Flexibility, Remote Working, Site
Communication, Creativity, Processes, Speed of Execution, Infrastructure & Tools, Technical Support, Equipment
Diversity, Health, Inclusion, Motivation, Pay, Values, Recruitment, Fairness
Remote Working
Communication
Communication
Benefits, Health
Communication, Prospects
Communication
Competition, Culture, Empowerment, Motivation, Teamwork, Transparency, Climate
Customer Focus
Balance, Career Opportunities, Education, Learning & Development
Communication, Home Life, Promotion, Recognition, Recruitment
Communication
Staffing
Benefits, Competition, Decision Making, Prospects, Purpose, Recruitment, Well-being
Balance, Remote Working
Retention, Responsibility
Communication, Continuous Improvement, Customer Focus, Speed of Execution, Covid
Empowerment, Prospects, Infrastructure & Tools, Equipment, Well-being
Burnout, Continuous Improvement, Efficiency, Staffing, Goals
Diversity, Health, Inclusion, Prospects
Balance, Communication, Decision Making, Diversity, Inclusion, Micro Management, Processes, Strategy
Benefits, Customer Focus, Health, Processes, Training
Customer Focus, Remote Working, Training
Efficiency, Training, Infrastructure & Tools, Equipment
Efficiency, Processes
Communication, Flexibility, Information, Vision, Covid
Social Responsibility
Communication
Communication, Diversity, Inclusion, Values, Recruitment
Communication
Competition, Customer Focus, Decision Making, Health, Information, Values
Benefits, Career Opportunities, Health, Home Life, Inclusion, Innovation, Promotion, Recognition, Valued
Benefits, Culture, Health, Goals
Balance, Burnout, Health
Promotion, Infrastructure & Tools
Diversity, Inclusion
Creativity, Meetings, Recognition, Time Off, Well-being
Health
Career Opportunities
Balance, Flexibility, Remote Working
Contribution, Empowerment, Health, Infrastructure & Tools
Burnout, Communication, Efficiency, Meetings, Remote Working, Workload, Covid
Health
Training
Culture, Flexibility, Quality
Communication, Feedback
Benefits, Communication, Culture, Customer Focus, Flexibility, Health
Benefits, Burnout, Commute, Home Life, Remote Working, Covid
Communication, Culture, Diversity, Health, Innovation
Communication
Job Security, Prospects, Recommend
Communication, Culture, Efficiency
Career Opportunities, Financials
Communication, Diversity, Health, Recognition
Communication
Balance, Flexibility, Meetings, Performance Evaluation, Remote Working
Communication, Health
Communication
Remote Working, Covid
Communication, Feedback, Innovation, Meetings, Processes, Infrastructure & Tools
Communication, Empowerment
Flexibility, Covid
Communication, Culture, Efficiency, Feedback, Speed of Execution, Staffing
Career Opportunities, Recognition, Recommend, Covid, Well-being
Financials, Promotion
Communication
Career Opportunities
Decision Making, Efficiency, Innovation, Processes, Teamwork, Facilities
Burnout, Workload
Flexibility, Remote Working, Transparency, Fairness
Training, Safety
Food & Drink, Remote Working, Social Activities
Strategy, Teamwork
Learning & Development, Processes
Education
Career Opportunities
Balance, Contribution, Home Life
Culture, Decision Making
Balance, Home Life
Career Opportunities
Communication, Feedback, Inclusion, Well-being
Balance, Efficiency, Recognition, Values, Covid
Culture, Decision Making, Efficiency, Processes, Speed of Execution, Climate
Communication, Culture, Health, Workload
Balance, Burnout, Feedback, Remote Working, Covid
Efficiency
Culture, Processes, Speed of Execution
Continuous Improvement, Culture, Financials, Health, Trust, Goals
Culture, Efficiency, Food & Drink, Recommend, Site, Climate, Equipment
Compensation, Competition, Culture, Equity, Training
Communication, Feedback
Communication, Goals
Communication, Empowerment, Learning & Development, Trust
Great Place
Communication, Culture, Learning & Development, Fairness
Decision Making, Speed of Execution
Communication, Financials, Processes, Speed of Execution, Training
Compensation, Competition
Compensation, Health, Recognition
Balance, Recognition, Great Place
Culture, Decision Making
Prospects, Vision, Infrastructure & Tools
Home Life, Covid
Communication, Creativity, Culture, Empowerment, Feedback, Innovation, Meetings, Transparency, Goals
Burnout, Culture, Decision Making, Transparency, Values, Climate
Accountability, Benefits, Learning & Development, Processes, Prospects, Strategy, Infrastructure & Tools, Site
Decision Making, Processes, Speed of Execution
Communication, Culture, Prospects, Safety, Climate
Diversity, Execution, Inclusion, Progress
Balance, Commute, Culture, Efficiency, Flexibility, Home Life, Remote Working, Retention, Covid
Career Opportunities, Training
Communication, Decision Making, Pride, Strategy, Vision
Communication, Health, Information, Processes, Prospects, Social Activities, Time Off, Workload, Onboarding, Policies, Covid
Innovation, Teamwork
Belonging, Communication, Efficiency, Prospects, Remote Working, Social Activities, Site
Burnout, Workload
Processes, Training
Benefits, Health, Inclusion, Performance Evaluation
Prospects, Recognition, Values
Compensation, Competition, Execution, Pay, Processes
Career Opportunities
Customer Focus, Diversity, Innovation, Speed of Execution, Infrastructure & Tools
Diversity, Inclusion, Teamwork, Values
Balance, Competition, Customer Focus, Feedback, Flexibility, Home Life, Remote Working, Retention, Covid
Career Opportunities, Flexibility, Home Life, Site
Information
Burnout, Processes, Speed of Execution, Workload, Staffing
Balance, Burnout, Meetings
Communication
Coaching, Mentoring, Training, Recruitment
Fun, Social Activities, Time Off, Site, Valued
Decision Making, Empowerment
Bonus, Compensation, Meetings, Facilities, Infrastructure & Tools
Diversity, Inclusion, Motivation
Communication
Empowerment, Innovation, Values
Accomplishment, Diversity, Recognition
Communication, Feedback, Remote Working, Social Activities, Speed of Execution, Safety, Covid, Valued
Accomplishment
Diversity, Inclusion
Communication, Culture, Teamwork
Balance, Efficiency, Health, Workload, Goals, Equipment
Communication, Pride, Social Activities, Fairness
Compensation, Equity, Financials
Flexibility, Home Life, Site, Covid, Well-being
Benefits, Decision Making, Meetings, Pay, Goals
Balance, Communication, Flexibility, Meetings
Information
Diversity, Inclusion
Compensation, Competition, Decision Making, Health
Bonus, Communication, Compensation, Pay, Performance Evaluation, Recruitment
Benefits, Health, Covid
Flexibility
Promotion
Career Opportunities, Communication, Customer Focus, Decision Making, Promotion, Recruitment, Valued
Clarity, Strategy, Covid
Communication, Efficiency, Micro Management, Motivation, Pay, Recognition, Policies, Well-being
Communication
Health, Strategy
Creativity, Decision Making
Processes, Infrastructure & Tools, Site, Technical Support
Competition, Culture, Customer Focus
Benefits, Compensation, Diversity, Equity, Financials, Health, Home Life, Perks, Prospects, Time Off
Communication
Career Opportunities, Decision Making, Motivation, Safety, Recruitment, Great Place, Well-being
Efficiency, Flexibility, Home Life, Remote Working, Site, Covid
Communication, Competition, Feedback, Recognition, Speed of Execution, Fairness , Goals, Site, Well-being
Empowerment, Health, Teamwork, Recruitment, Great Place
Career Opportunities, Customer Focus, Diversity, Inclusion, Promotion
Compensation, Diversity, Inclusion, Pay
Career Opportunities, Communication
Diversity, Home Life, Strategy, Recruitment
Flexibility, Remote Working, Infrastructure & Tools, Technical Support, Covid
Benefits, Communication, Health, Home Life, Recruitment
Career Opportunities, Diversity, Promotion, Fairness
Decision Making, Empowerment, Flexibility, Recognition
Coaching, Communication
Processes, Speed of Execution
Balance, Motivation, Recognition, Workload
Communication, Customer Focus, Learning & Development, Processes, Speed of Execution
Culture, Decision Making, Flexibility, Climate
Competition, Customer Focus, Speed of Execution, Infrastructure & Tools, Technical Support
Communication, Feedback, Recruitment
Customer Focus, Learning & Development, Processes, Training
Customer Focus, Innovation
Diversity, Prospects
Communication, Culture, Empowerment, Health, Prospects, Support, Goals, Well-being
Accomplishment, Benefits, Burnout, Compensation, Competition, Customer Focus, Education, Financials, Health, Perks, Infrastructure & Tools
Culture, Efficiency, Processes, Climate
Prospects
Balance, Communication, Flexibility, Home Life, Recognition, Time Off, Well-being
Accomplishment, Culture, Innovation, Values, Climate, Covid
Prospects, Teamwork, Responsibility
Customer Focus
Communication, Culture, Strategy
Compensation, Pay
Culture, Financials, Meetings, Speed of Execution, Values, Climate
Balance, Flexibility, Remote Working, Site
Empowerment, Trust
Benefits, Competition
Flexibility, Food & Drink, Teamwork
Communication, Learning & Development, Fairness
Efficiency, Performance Evaluation, Recognition, Remote Working, Site, Covid
Communication, Culture, Diversity, Inclusion, Fairness , Climate
Balance, Burnout, Creativity, Speed of Execution, Workload, Safety, Staffing
Innovation, Training, Policies
Burnout, Compensation, Pay, Time Off
Decision Making, Health
Communication, Education, Empowerment, Inclusion, Micro Management, Training
Customer Focus, Diversity, Inclusion, Infrastructure & Tools, Fairness
Speed of Execution
Career Opportunities, Decision Making, Empowerment, Promotion
Accomplishment, Recognition, Time Off
Flexibility
Communication, Culture, Flexibility, Values, Social Responsibility
Balance, Recognition, Strategy
Financials, Motivation
Compensation, Equity, Financials, Home Life
Communication, Culture, Teamwork, Climate
Belonging, Time Off
Communication, Flexibility, Learning & Development
Burnout, Compensation, Diversity, Pay, Speed of Execution, Strategy, Time Off, Workload
Customer Focus, Training, Infrastructure & Tools
Processes, Infrastructure & Tools
Communication, Customer Focus, Prospects
Accountability
Processes, Safety
Burnout, Workload, Safety
Decision Making, Empowerment, Processes, Progress
Flexibility, Home Life, Remote Working, Site
Accomplishment, Prospects, Infrastructure & Tools
Feedback, Recruitment
Communication, Customer Focus
Feedback
Food & Drink, Processes
Decision Making, Flexibility
Home Life, Recommend
Great Place
Flexibility, Remote Working, Covid
Empowerment, Teamwork
Balance, Home Life, Social Activities
Prospects
Decision Making, Processes, Prospects, Safety, Infrastructure & Tools, Equipment, Protective Equipment
Culture, Diversity, Inclusion, Facilities
Burnout, Communication, Financials, Workload
Communication, Food & Drink, Health, Home Life, Meetings, Remote Working, Time Off, Site, Well-being
Accountability, Communication, Culture, Innovation, Motivation, Processes, Speed of Execution, Values
Communication
Balance, Workload
Belonging, Policies
Benefits, Career Opportunities, Diversity, Education, Learning & Development, Perks, Facilities, Site
Prospects, Safety
Communication, Meetings
Food & Drink, Health
Culture, Recognition, Great Place
Efficiency, Covid
Flexibility, Motivation, Speed of Execution, Values
Processes, Transparency, Recruitment, Skills
Decision Making
Prospects
Decision Making, Workload
Career Opportunities, Promotion
Motivation, Strategy, Vision
Health
Communication, Speed of Execution, Infrastructure & Tools, Documentation Tools
Contribution, Recognition, Remote Working
Communication, Culture, Safety
Career Opportunities, Prospects
Balance, Empowerment, Meetings
Balance, Flexibility, Workload
Remote Working
Balance, Communication, Flexibility, Health, Fairness
Efficiency, Innovation, Remote Working
Feedback
Meetings, Training
Health, Values
Career Opportunities, Promotion
Diversity, Fairness
Career Opportunities, Learning & Development, Responsibility
Culture, Diversity, Recognition, Training, Values, Purpose
Customer Focus, Speed of Execution, Purpose
Career Opportunities, Learning & Development
Diversity, Inclusion, Remote Working
Diversity, Inclusion, Remote Working, Strategy, Covid
Processes, Staffing
Burnout, Social Activities, Workload, Covid
Efficiency, Processes
Prospects
Competition, Inclusion, Processes
Customer Focus, Efficiency, Meetings, Processes
Communication, Well-being
Compensation, Competition, Pay
Burnout, Compensation, Remote Working, Workload, Facilities
Promotion
Prospects, Strategy
Balance, Efficiency, Feedback, Information, Processes, Teamwork
Efficiency, Speed of Execution, Infrastructure & Tools, Technical Support
Competition, Processes
Career Opportunities, Diversity, Inclusion, Promotion, Recruitment
Remote Working, Safety, Protective Equipment
Flexibility, Processes
Career Opportunities, Flexibility, Learning & Development
Communication, Perks, Recognition
Prospects
Career Opportunities, Learning & Development, Motivation
Safety, Covid
Compensation, Competition, Equity, Financials, Pay, Promotion, Retention, Recruitment
Strategy, Training
Efficiency, Processes, Recognition, Remote Working, Speed of Execution, Site, Covid, Great Place
Remote Working
Communication, Customer Focus, Recognition, Policies, Great Place, Well-being
Learning & Development
Communication
Culture, Efficiency, Empowerment, Processes, Speed of Execution
Efficiency, Processes
Career Opportunities, Financials
Inclusion
Accountability, Balance, Career Opportunities, Decision Making, Flexibility, Learning & Development, Remote Working, Training, Covid
Prospects, Great Place
Communication, Prospects, Time Off
Career Opportunities, Culture, Efficiency, Processes, Retention, Climate
Culture, Innovation, Social Activities, Speed of Execution, Strategy, Fairness
Balance, Burnout, Health, Progress
Balance, Burnout, Culture, Recognition, Site, Climate, Well-being
Diversity, Personal Goals, Goals, Well-being
Great Place
Balance, Strategy
Home Life, Time Off, Policies
Recommend, Great Place
Training, Onboarding, Responsibility
Financials, Home Life, Job Security, Prospects, Support, Covid, Responsibility
Career Opportunities, Culture, Diversity, Prospects
Competition, Recruitment
Bonus, Coaching, Compensation, Decision Making, Information, Performance Evaluation, Processes, Promotion, Training, Recruitment
Efficiency, Information, Prospects, Goals
Communication, Feedback
Recognition, Great Place, Valued
Accountability, Communication, Culture, Empowerment, Safety, Covid
Compensation, Diversity, Inclusion, Pay
Balance, Meetings, Recognition, Workload
Communication
Compensation, Pay
Remote Working, Site, Covid
Balance, Compensation, Decision Making, Workload
Information, Infrastructure & Tools, Software Tools
Belonging, Contribution, Motivation, Values
Benefits, Diversity, Health, Motivation, Training, Fairness , Well-being
Creativity, Culture, Teamwork
Benefits, Compensation, Flexibility
Balance, Career Goals, Career Opportunities
Compensation, Pay
Burnout, Communication, Customer Focus, Feedback, Learning & Development, Covid
Compensation, Remote Working, Infrastructure & Tools, Equipment
Communication, Cross Team Collaboration, Teamwork, Responsibility
Benefits, Health, Promotion
Flexibility, Covid
Prospects, Strategy, Site, Covid
Compensation, Equity, Financials
Communication, Diversity, Inclusion, Learning & Development, Recognition, Social Activities, Fairness , Great Place
Compensation, Pay, Performance Evaluation
Culture, Infrastructure & Tools, Communication Tools, Covid
Bonus, Career Opportunities, Compensation, Competition, Learning & Development, Pay
Communication, Prospects
Balance, Burnout, Communication, Continuous Improvement, Health, Remote Working, Time Off, Workload, Covid
Career Opportunities, Culture, Inclusion, Training, Recruitment
Career Opportunities, Education, Prospects, Recruitment
Staffing
Flexibility, Remote Working, Covid
Compensation, Culture, Home Life, Pay, Remote Working, Covid
Balance, Burnout, Commute, Culture, Health, Meetings, Remote Working, Time Off, Workload, Facilities, Safety, Staffing, Site, Covid
Burnout, Communication, Culture, Flexibility, Recognition, Workload
Burnout, Strategy, Workload
Career Opportunities, Promotion
Innovation, Recognition, Values, Great Place
Balance, Creativity, Learning & Development, Strategy
Burnout, Culture, Home Life, Remote Working, Trust, Covid
Balance, Career Opportunities, Flexibility
Compensation, Culture, Remote Working, Covid
Flexibility, Remote Working, Time Off, Site, Covid
Workload, Responsibility
Balance, Diversity, Inclusion, Recognition
Training
Remote Working, Safety, Covid
Efficiency, Training, Safety
Culture, Financials, Prospects, Strategy, Values, Well-being
Culture, Training, Transparency
Communication, Health, Information
Communication, Teamwork
Burnout, Strategy, Goals
Balance, Career Opportunities, Communication, Decision Making, Processes
Customer Focus, Decision Making, Recognition, Strategy, Transparency, Vision, Site
Career Opportunities, Culture, Transparency
Career Opportunities, Diversity, Health, Recognition, Training
Communication
Creativity, Speed of Execution
Communication, Culture, Inclusion, Recognition
Competition, Pay
Performance Evaluation, Fairness
Competition, Health, Information, Strategy
Culture, Innovation, Micro Management, Processes, Prospects, Policies
Culture, Diversity, Motivation, Climate
Diversity, Inclusion, Processes, Recognition, Training
Bonus, Compensation, Pay
Customer Focus, Training, Infrastructure & Tools, Technical Support
People have been made redundant in gcto and keytruda will loose patent which means more job losses
I foresee great future , because the way company has progressed in last decade , makes it , a strong contender of future best Pharma company
I am excited to be a part of such an outstanding company and am very proud of the achievements we have made in the past. and look forward to be a part of the continued success and development of MERCK and MSD's future
In India after expiry of sitagliptin LOE, there is no other product to compensate that much volume business,
MSD is downsizing and feels unstable
Merck has a very bright future, provided it takes care of its employees properly
Robust Research
Looking at the erosion of products in all areas of our portfolios outside of Oncology between now and 2024 is very concerning. I have real concerns regarding my future with Merck.
too much focus on keytruda and cancer.  stick to the things we are also good at!
Chronic care products lack viable science to compete
I"m a bit nervous about the ongoing and upcoming senior leadership changes, but the future looks bright for the Keytruda franchise.
We are doing really great things. The scientific potential is huge and the business impact of our existing products is really helping people.
I'm excited about my job but have strong doubts on whether it will still exist in a few months.
A lot of our future viability leans on finding our next Keytruda. We are also struggling to manage a heavy compliance burden in a world that doesn't wait. Once our industry is disrupted by big tech, it will already be too late. We have to move faster and we have to get out of our own way. I'm not convinced we have the leadership or the staff to do this.
I see a huge opportunity with the integration of our AH Intelligence group to redefine the industry. It would be disappointing if we lose the talented individuals we're bringing in because we did not deploy the integration efforts in a more inclusive and holistic way and that we didn't prioritize our focus on building a new and improved culture.
I’m not sure how confident I am with Merck’s future.  Healthcare is changing so rapidly and Merck still moves slowly.
The significant change in leadership from CEO through high levels of MRL is a bit concerning for what the future holds.
Usually I would state 'Agree" here but over the past year, Merck appears to be making reactive decisions and there have been several pipeline failures.  This makes me uncertain and less excited about Merck's future.
Sometimes worried about job security.
I work in the Virology division and truly appreciate Merck’s longstanding commitment to HIV and am excited about our pipeline
Merck cares about the employees.
To much uncertainty with job security for the sales field force
MSD is an innovative company. For sure all the upcoming proyects Will be very excited
I think we have a great cluture and resouce to move ahead
absence of promising pipeline products
I am concerned that the Compliance arm of Merck is going to run us out of the business.  The tools given to us to "improve our compliance" need more resources to maintain and many times don't handle the whole job.  As a result, a site is maintaining now 2 systems instead of the one that they had prior to changes dictated by QSIP.
The trajectory of the business is positive in helping patients with new and inventive products
I am unhappy with Ken Frazier leadership and comments around social racism. As a CEO of a company, I do not need to hear his personal beliefs on political topics.
It seems as though we need to diversify more as much of our revenue comes from Oncology
Not very clear if this part is communicated by the leadership team.
After we have Orgarnon, I am excited to see MSD's future.
Its smart for the company to focus on niche markets since there’s no where to grow in the primary care markets.  Plus the virtual digital upgrades for interacting with customers, continue this evolution
Expecting some new products launches in Metabolic division India, as Januvia will loose it’s exclusivity in next year.
Unsure what effect the failing development of COVID-related medicine will have and I'm worried about the consequences in case executive management has to react to 'manage' the stock market.
We have stated a commitment to specialization in cancer and vaccines, yet I do not see us with the market leadership in vaccine innovation I would expect to accompany that commitment.
Great management, great science and world-class employees.
From a sales professional perspective I do not strongly agree with this because recent new compliance policies that have been adopted are debilitating to work within and therefore giving our competition an advantage to work with.  Great products but less capabilities to communicate that information.
The willing to change and becoming more agile, more diverse and focusing on employee people and development is exciting me. In addition, I´m glad to feel that upper management is also committed with this change and evolution for the company.
Merck’s an incredible company and proud to work here
Pipeline seems not to be sufficient, company is getting smaller which is translated to less career opportunities and additional workload.
The innovations of Merck, Merck Animal Health and MSD are always exciting. As corporate positions shift, it can lead to job instability. This is part of the nature of corporate. Thus, excited overall but cautious.
The impressions I've interpreted by colleagues seem to indicate that Merck's success is plateauing.
No new products/ combinations  in diabetes portfolio is expected.so CVM ‘S future remains uncertain.
MSD is a great company, but to complicated process and redundant workload didn't catch up today's update
I am excited about the current oncology products and the pipeline.
wondering how we are going to get there
Our future success lies in combining MAHI with MAH, and also our pipeline of new products and services.
as a vaccine company, i am looking forward of our new innovations
Proud of being employee of Highly Research & Academic Organisation
MSD need strong pipe line of products to make employees excited about future. Keytruda is a good drug but MSD has lot of dependency on it.
Really futuristic company
I was part of an acquisition in the last couple of years. I am hopeful that in the future we will contribute to the accomplishments of Merck.
hope to see new class of Meds for the most pressing medical conditions
MSD future seems uncertain. LOE of Sitagliptin, Product Pipeline does not seem exciting. The next years tough
Eager to learn about the position of the company for diversity within the levels of MMD>
Any recent plan available for Indian market as Januvia is going to lose its exclusivity.? We are really waiting for newer drugs to facilitate Indian market and patients.
Ken's leadership has been epic.  Looking forward to continuing the excellence with Rob.
As long as the focus is on  right R&D targets to met unmet needs and control costs and increase productivity and efficiency (do more with less and still be compliant with good quality product), I certianly am excited about Merck's future.
We are not consistently innovative in all areas of the business unit I am in. It’s like a time warp at times, with reps being applauded for creating “trackers” on excel spreadsheets on the one hand or excitement over sending a Veeva email and then talking to a customer about one of the most revolutionary and innovative molecules ever used in the history of medicine.
It is reassuring that Merck is reinvesting into research to expand the companies portfolio of products.
Prospects
Job Security, Prospects, Covid, Well-being
Prospects
Innovation, Prospects, Covid
Prospects
Prospects, Site
Prospects
Prospects
Prospects
Health, Prospects
Prospects, Covid
Prospects
Prospects
Innovation, Prospects
Health, Prospects
Communication, Decision Making, Prospects, Well-being
Innovation, Prospects, Speed of Execution
Prospects
Prospects
Prospects
Competition, Prospects
Burnout, Prospects, Goals
Prospects
Prospects
Health, Prospects, Recommend, Well-being
Prospects
Prospects
Accomplishment, Innovation, Prospects, Well-being
Prospects
Prospects
Accomplishment, Prospects
Prospects, Speed of Execution
Progress, Prospects, Workload, Well-being
Prospects, Well-being
Communication, Prospects
Prospects
Diversity, Prospects
Competition, Prospects
Prospects, Covid
Prospects
Prospects
Career Opportunities, Learning & Development, Prospects, Great Place
Competition, Prospects, Speed of Execution, Covid
Prospects
Diversity
Prospects
Prospects, Site
Prospects
Prospects, Recognition, Social Activities
Prospects, Purpose, Goals, Covid
Decision Making, Prospects, Strategy
Communication, Prospects, Social Activities, Fairness , Well-being
Prospects
Prospects
Prospects
Prospects
Prospects, Well-being
Prospects
Prospects
Prospects
Prospects
Prospects
Prospects
Prospects
Innovation, Prospects
Prospects
Prospects
Prospects
Innovation, Prospects
Prospects, Well-being
Processes, Prospects
Prospects
Diversity, Prospects
Health, Prospects
Accomplishment, Prospects, Covid
Prospects
Prospects
Prospects, Well-being
Competition, Innovation, Prospects
Prospects, Site, Covid
Company Growth, Financials, Pay, Prospects
Prospects
Creativity, Prospects
Prospects
Prospects
Diversity, Pride, Prospects
Clarity, Prospects
Decision Making, Prospects
Prospects
Diversity, Inclusion, Prospects
Prospects, Covid
Prospects
Innovation, Prospects
Prospects
Prospects
Prospects, Well-being
Prospects
Accomplishment, Progress, Prospects
IT (laptop, VPN, service, problem solving, headsets, etc.) in China is really bad...
Engagements through activities is the essence to keep business smooth and consistent. Unfortunately we have limited options in MSD and the one available have so many If’s and But’s.  Compliance is not supporting the field to help engagements with HCP’s.
I feel IT related resources are very poor in this modern age. Helpdesk 'tickets' are set to low priority and handled by 'callcenters' that dont really feel too knowledgable and escalate a ticket 2 times before a simple question is answered, also had tickets that were completely ignored.
There are always new processes that need to be learned and one is not aware of it until there is a problem. That is very frustrating.
There is always too much work, and we always seem to take on more, but never take anything off this list.
Knowing Merck is listening to our concerns, making our safety a constant priority, and supporting us with tools and ways of learning, I would definitely agree with feeling that I have the resources to do my job well.
There is incredibly high workload and endless amount of projects.  So many days I feel like I don't have the "time resources" I need to feel like I am doing my job as well as I could.
I'm not lacking specific resources, but get the feeling there are tools out there that would help me to my job even better.  I'd love more sharing on project management tools that are available as well as cross-functional sharing on resources that different areas use to help their groups do the work better.
I wish IREP data bases had the ability to be locked so disruptions in the ability to sample and make calls were minimized
I would argue that this department, while needing analytical support does little to maintain the analytical support that it has, let alone grow it.  sorry, but other functional groups seem to get all their itches scratched in terms of head count, but we have to scrounge for a lot of ours.
Poor training
We have many new resources, digital and hard copy that help to educate and assist customers in making appropriate changes.
Consistent outsourcing rather than having experts within Merck has caused a great amount of strain on job resources. Many times the outsourcing companies are not aware of Merck policies and will result in incorrect help and inability to do my job well.
Less bureaucracy is needed.
Resources is a wide covering term - maybe a better thought is timely resources that impact change. Once again hire the right people that are qualified to do the job vs hiring them and they try to learn it as they go
The resource of TIME is very limited.  This role juggles too many things to be 100% accurate and efficient.
This is a yes and no question.  Mostly yes, but with the changes in policy regarding our FFM annual count, I feel that is hindering my clusters ability to perform as well as we could if that number per year was increase.
I believe we have the resources, however; management should ensure that employees understand well how to access those resources and are well trained.
yes, although the stringent compliance restrictions on the sales team make it difficult to effectively communicate with customers (eg email)
Processes always change we know that, but communication here is terrible, manages don't get much involve at work, they don't resolve anything if we escalate.
I've chosen agree instead of strongly agree, since working devices (e.g. table, chair etc.) supported by MSD would help the working from home.
I feel like the optimal time to sell is over a lunch or breakfast....so now that we are being limited on that front it makes it difficult to succeed.
Need HIT case study resources available to make the case with customers for process improvement.
IT issues can prevent me from from doing my job to the best of my ability. Sometimes I feel like I am working with one hand tied behind my back.
We have had a lot of attrition in our department.  We have been allowed to refill only some positions
Due to compliance I do not have all the resources I would hope for.
We need to reduce shadow organizations.  The resources should be spent on operations.
As we have moved completely to digital resources, I feel there is still value in having a few hard copies of product resources. Because of difficult to access customers who are not open to digital engagement and emails, especially during the Covid season where many hospitals are not granting access to physicians, it would be nice to have a few hard copies with product information to leave behind; especially for Recarbrio.
We are quite understaffed and the effort to secure additional headcount is unreasonable.  Colleagues are way overworked and over stressed and often resolution of problem issues are delayed and delayed until they become crisis when then causes even more issues.
The workload and level of resources/funds available sometimes makes my job difficult to do at the level of quality that is needed and that brings me the level of job satisfaction that I seek.
I believe there is capacity here to improve process for leaders so they know up front what they would be expected to be trained on in what systems. Also improvement in forums for information sharing for leaders and discuss talent across the business with M1s and M2s?
I feel well prepared overall.  Merck has done a great job incorporating new technology.  The resources in Veeva media make OCM interactions productive.
For the most part I feel I have the resources I need to do my job well. However, there are have been a few moments that come to mind that I did not feel HQ had set me up for success with resources when rolling out a new launch and when getting responses to questions from the field. For instance, marketing materials were not available to support all forms on field engagement at the time of the new launch limiting the customer interactions that could occur. In addition, one of the materials for stakeholders did not take into account the customer and the image was not appropriate for this type of customer. Lastly, there were numerous questions in regard to a pricing action and to this date there has not been any follow through on the answers to these questions. I have shared all of these items with my CTL and I feel well supported by her and her efforts to move these items forward, but it is at times frustrating because I do not have the items I need to engage with certain customers.
We have a lot of resources but we are limited to what they can contain which puts us behind the eight ball compared to our competition.
we need to adopt to the current situation. MSD is too stiff at times in implementing what is most appropriate for the situation
Could be improved.  On-site responsibilities are regularly halted for lack of printer supplies, and getting them to the area takes a support ticket, an e-mail, and sometimes a trip across the site.  It's not very fluid.  We are also limited by the software applications that are available to do some of the tasks at hand.
We need better resources especially during a launch mode. Better resources around managed care, MAP guidance, etc.
There are several limitations that could be improved at the rep level. Many of us have caps on our Data at our homes and may live in areas that do not support fast WiFi service. With working from home at times and system updates, it takes considerable data usage and band with to accomplish. WE NEED A SET AMOUNT TO EXPENSE that can help offset these costs. AT & T charges me $50 every time I go over my limit. In a given month i can incur an additional $50, $100 to $150 out of my own pocket. Yes some of that data is personal but there is a work component and a monthly offset would be appreciated.   I am not always able to do everything I would like at home because I just don’t have the service to do so and having to spend time at a coffee shop these days is not practical since most places don’t let you sit and work due to COVID.
Customer Focus, Speed of Execution
Competition
Coaching, Mentoring, Training
Remote Working, Training
Communication, Customer Focus
Flexibility, Remote Working
Customer Focus, Infrastructure & Tools, Technical Support, Covid
Education, Training
Communication
Speed of Execution, Infrastructure & Tools
Burnout, Strategy, Workload
Teamwork, Infrastructure & Tools, Software Tools
Empowerment, Training, Valued
Staffing
Infrastructure & Tools
Speed of Execution, Recruitment
Culture, Remote Working
Communication, Prospects
Health
Benefits, Communication, Efficiency, Feedback, Processes, Social Activities
Processes, Social Activities, Strategy, Infrastructure & Tools, Technical Support, Communication Tools
Communication, Decision Making
Communication, Customer Focus
Information
Empowerment, Flexibility
Communication, Competition, Decision Making, Progress, Speed of Execution, Covid
Culture, Empowerment, Training, Responsibility
Speed of Execution
Safety, Staffing
Customer Focus
Communication, Health
Information, Teamwork, Infrastructure & Tools, Documentation Tools
Benefits, Food & Drink, Health, Home Life, Protective Equipment
Health, Policies
Training, Staffing, Recruitment
Communication, Safety
Customer Focus, Site
Remote Working, Infrastructure & Tools, Equipment
Career growth & chance to Grow within organization across Function/Dept
Workload and burnout due to longer work hours
future perspectives to grow to another position
priorities, workload, efficiency, quality of work
Re Other : at present MSD is going through rough times (pandemic. Organon spin-off with many new people in new positions) which gives an uneasy feeling and feeling of disconnecting.
Work/Life balance
Ridiculous idea to remove GIFs from our systems!  Anyone that used these inappropriately, would be approached and dismissed, I would imagine!  I used these throughout the pandemic, to wish Happy Birthday, Happy Wedding Day - New Babies, etc., etc.!  Feel that there's a level of trust gone there!
Working from home so often allows me to better balance work and private life
Lack of opportunity for growth.
career progression and interdivisional moves / collaboration
Career progression and opportunities
To maintain a work life balance and not feeling guilty when taking a day off without attending to emails. Being able to manage and address emails in manageable timelines and meeting all timelines
See above - ensure people work from home with the right set-up. Budget needs to be made available for that.
Work life balance
As an MSD employee working in scope of a global project, at Animal Health/ ANK Site, I am concerned about my salary compensation package. I am responsible of attending the meetings for global projects, efficiently communicating with global teams and local teams as a link between them, performing routine works; yet I feel not compensated salary-wise.
Workload is too high. There are not enough qualified colleagues who help to improve or driving results forward. I would rather appreciate to have enough qualified colleagues in my team than receiving invitations for better work life balance online courses.  I would be in balance if the workload wouldn't be that high. And I also would highly recommend to rather spend the money in decreasing working hours for employees than spending it for all courses/measures to keep employees in balance. Don't get me wrong, the courses are great but this is just fighting the symptoms and not the source of the problem. We are a health company. We should know better...
Learning and adapting to my new role.
Culture. We speak loudly about Ways of Working, wanting to create a culture where risk taking, challenging the status quo and speaking up, are welcomed, where inclusion and inclusive leadership is in our DNA, and where seeing, hearing, encouraging and rewarding different ways of thinking fuel our business. But are we really practicing what we preach? At the moment it seems that some of us are, but not everyone.
I am very disappointed that Merck is commenting on recent US news.  We are a publicly held corporation responsible to our stockholders.  We should not use our company to voice personal beliefs. I am very discouraged and have customers who are not happy with it.  Also, I feel that Merck is forcing many "woke" actions on me.  Example: mandatory D&I Training.
Pay that is adequate with the cost of living in the area and experience
With Covid and all the changes we have to deal with day t day. My manager doesn't care about people its all about business. I feel like each day can be my last day. when you have a micro manager who sees only what you don't do and not what you do get done, Most of our departments long time employees have bid out to get away from this form of management. This is because of a terrible manager and how people are treated. some managers should not have direct reports because they are just to harsh and self centered  , People are the companies best assets and it does not show in our department its only what they want you to hear. A micro manager will cause good people to flee and rest just wont care ..  And that's how it is now for us thank you for allowing me to share my feelings and concerns I also hope doing so doesn't cost  me my job retaliation is still a reality
Promotional and growth opportunities.  I have been doing essentially the same work for 15 years, I get very good reviews, consistently outperforms but I can't ascend to the next level.  I am on many workstreams and do outside speaking to raise my visibility.  I am older and somewhat chubby so I think that has affected my ability to be promoted.
The health and safety of my children.
If Home Office will remain as a possibility to work, after the pandemic has ended or people became vaccinated. I personally believe that Home Office is the future as how we will work and I am enjoying the flexibility Home Office provides on the work-life-balance. For me this is something essential that makes the company attractive or not as a employer.
How to keep my staff from leaving, managing the overwhelming equipment issues with the large demand for production.
I feel that the company is promoting younger women and minorities leaving out the older tenured employees. Giving promotions to people who really do not deserve it just because the company is trying to meet numbers to satisfy the outside culture
I'm worried about Asian hates
Career Growth/Opportunities
Lack of clarity on what's expected for career progression.
The future of Merck with many programs/drugs being cancelled and the heavy reliance on Keytruda. concerns about lay offs in the very near future as part of FORTIFY the future.
Union employees make more than the manager yearly. Forced OT and under pay (150) is making a managers job not appealing to most.
Merck is supposed to be able to support employees working remoting due to current home schooling and no child care programs with remote work ability; but, when it comes to audit/inspection support employees are told they must come on site and not given remote options to digitally support the audit/inspection instead.  Most audit inspection support roles can be performed successfully remotely but employees are not feeling or hearing that is an option for these roles.  This causes a lot of stress for working care givers that at the present time don't have a lot of options.
Work/family balance due to arbitrary WMA timelines that are based on a 7-day work week (including working on holidays).  Because timelines have become so condensed, even more time is required to meet them beyond just the 7-day work week (eg, working most evenings).
Wellbeing of my colleagues and team mates - we have quite a lot on our plates at the moment and I worry for them. as we try and navigate through workload and customer expectations whilst trying not to burden other (already equally busy) colleagues with more work too if we can help it
juggling work & personal/family life; working from home 5 days/week has made office time very challenging to limit
I believe that as a company we should not promote a political agenda. We run the risk of alienating customers who do not agree with the agenda and will loose business. Our #1 priority should be to run a profitable business and not get in to the realm of political activism. Yes, we should operate in a socially responsible manner and we are free to define what that looks like for Merck. But I feel we have recently crossed the line into activism when we support boycotting States because we object to the decisions of their elected government.
Upcoming life changes and long distance move.
Excessive workload.  Important study meetings cover majority of work day therefore actual work is done on personal evening time.  Management acknowledges workload verbally with little action to address workload.  Upper management continues to add more studies to workload without adequate resources, What is more important employee welfare or satisfying upper management goals.  New hires are brought on late, insufficient time to mentor.  Large # of new employees - balancing workload and mentoring is challenging.  Covid has increased the stress on employees across multiple functional areas and no solution is in sight.
Many changes in corporate senior leadership.
How Merck is set up for success and How quickly we can move to position ourselves as leaders for the future.
work life balance
Mental Health
Labor availability particularly related to COVID.
Home / personal life balancing.
I am in total support of Merck's Diversity and Inclusion engagement. I pride myself for having a sales team that is very diversified and inclusive. Though valuable,  D n I is taking up a lot of time and energy and I feel people are feeling that D n I is being a bit heavy handed. My people need development in many areas, not just in their understanding of Diversity and Inclusion.
Being considered for a promotion when having proven qualifications, skills and experience.
I'm concerned at the fact that I take my orders from someone who doesn't know how to do my job. My manager seems to allow this person to run the shop as they see fit. I'm afraid to stand up for myself because I fear retaliation.
Few people to do the work of many. Results in longer hours and worse work-life balance.
work life balance. My level of stress is extremely highRespe
Targeting and harassment from union members towards female salaried employees within our IPT.
Work Life Balance
Frequent re-organizations and personal career growth
the current house market
Too few people are asked to do way too much with really poor planning. Big changes and ambitions are not matched with the resources and robust plans to achieve them, which means ultimately the ambitions are not reached and the belief in the leadership fails. Morale really is at rock bottom at the moment.
Health of parents
Work/Life balance - we are short staffed and I work long hours with no breaks in order to cover everything that needs to be covered.
I am concerned about stability at work. All levels of my management have changed. A LOT of work has been pushed downward to the employees who have been here for years and we are already pushed to maximum capacity. The focus seems to be on doing everything fast regardless of whether the team has the bandwidth to handle it. Without leadership there seems to be no hope for improvement.
Being able to maintain the culture of teamwork and supporting each other as the company evolves.  Maintaining a healthy mix of remote and hands on work may help with that.  When people work predominately from home there are a lot of intangibles around team aspects that may suffer.
Access to in person field visits compared to competitors.
Other - the future; will the world ever be rid of this pandemic; what lessons did the world learn from this; what is going to be the new 'normal' and how well will we all adjust.
Spending time with my family wife, kids and grand children
There is  pressure to invest time on , nights, weekend, holidays and vacation time on a consistent basis.  Doing this occasionally is normal, but this being the norm is not sustainable.
Becoming first time home buyer
Things getting back to somewhat normal in regards to work and personal life
Our (site) ability to perform and deliver to our customers.
Current workload. Programs are accelerated but we have less time to be on site. Makes this challenging to deliver on aggressive pace that is set with resources we have. There are too many meetings as well. Some of this driven by disconnect of priorities of those that are on-site or virtual exclusively. The mix of lab work and meetings makes the work day stretch into late hours. The current way of working is hard to sustain in the long term.
Career growth
Balance between work and family, stress management,
Meeting work expectations during Lockdown at home with kids.  Should allow more flexibility at this time.
Managing work/life balance, work is winning right now
Divisiveness that seems to permeate our society today.  This division seems to prevent constructive and candid conversations that can bring about solutions.  Additionally, the pandemic is hard on us as adults, but also hard on our kids.  We want to keep everyone safe and physically healthy, but also want to make choices that are good for the mental and emotional health of our family.  There is extra anxiety about so many decisions.   But, I am so thankful for vaccines and that my husband, myself and our parents have all been vaccinated!
work balance vs private life
I really have no concerns
Lack of good IT support to do our jobs. The finance area has poor/old systems and it does a poor job of rolling out new applications such as APPIAN. The accounting area does not have enough resources or appropriate personnel to properly use SAP functionality. They just refuse to set up SAP entities for reporting because it is too hard to figure out. Why do we spend so much on an ERP system if we are not going to use it? There is a complete lack of insight and leadership in the Finance area, all they worry about is cost. We are not a first rate Finance area we not developing or streamlining process. Finance Management doesn't understand or know how to solve problems they just fancy themselves as "project managers" overseeing processes. They can't fix underlying issues and just expect us to work unreasonable hours to compensate for bad tech and process.  It's really discouraging and very difficult to do our jobs. Please help us Caroline.
Promotion based on merit, not politics
Career progression
Compliance/ SOP
Vision and recognition
Commercialization of the products at the local level, thus creating access to our valuable innovationfor the people that really need them.
I feel like politics had interfered with the company's decision to immediately start finding a covid vaccine. Politics should NOT be part of the decision making process - Remember - Medicine is for the people!! I also feel like racial injustice will also be interfering with the great team atmosphere that we currently have. Please do not bring any of these issues into the company.  It will only tear us apart, just like how the country has already been torn.
work - life balance
Fear of speaking up! Subtle retaliation, not obvious retaliation like being fired. But not being treated the same after speaking up. Why bother speaking up if someone will treat me different AND if the issued addressed does not change.  Also, motivation by intimidation. Passive aggressive ways of managing. Being told of negative results but not receive coaching on how to not to have these negative results. While working from home not everyone working on a level playing field. Differences   in equipment provided, technical issues, internet speed, ergonomic working conditions which may contribute to productivity. However, expectations for productivity remain the same as when working on site, where employees have similar working conditions, internet connection, ergonomic conditions etc. Not much leniency for production while working from home during a pandemic for certain groups. Expectations seem to remain the same while WFH during an unprecedented time.
Work Life balance; we keep being asked to do more with less.
balancing work/life
Balancing a healthy lifestyle with the requirements of the role, however this is not a criticism of the role. I think more investment in health convenience would help alot - vending machines with healthy food, an onsite gym.
My primary concern at Merck is the future of the Chronic Care sales team.  It feels very fragile, and feels like there could be another reduction of the work force.
Work/Life Balance that does not exist
Workload, large amount of meetings, not enough head count
Commute once we return to office and Rahway location
work life balance (I work so many extra hours, and I don't get paid for extra hours )
Work-life balance
I am a little nervous about returning to the office because I have replaced my daily commute with exercise and I am concerned than when I return to the office it will be harder to maintain my general level of fitness. Additionally, I have enjoyed  working from home and don't want to feel obliged to return to the office.
Well being of colleagues.
Long term strategy and will there be a place for my role in the future
I am concerned about the increase in anti science and anti human rights issues in this country and around the world. I worry about the direction in which things are moving and what impact this may have on my young son.
true fairness and access for people of color or other minority groups.
I feel there is uncertainty in the future balance between remote and onsite work. It's very unclear at this time what direction the company will be taking on this matter
1. Career progression for each level/band is not clear. It gave uncertainty to individual in their career growth with Merck and MSD. 2. MPS loading of 100% could have deprived individual development as there is no spare time for other activities.
Volume of work and market pay for the work I perform.
Work/Life Balance and expectations
Pay increases are  important to me
Managing work-life balance
Work Balance and quality time
work/life balance
Loss of connection and work culture due to remote work.
Work life balance, job security as Merck manages through low sales due to COVID, and supporting those that want to work from home no mater the department they work in or how close they are from HQ.
BURN-OUT and significant languishing, work-life balance (literally "living at work")
job satisfaction - i am worried that covid could bring changes to the way my job is done which could result in less satisfaction with my job
Work-life balance.
Too many reps and managers in Oncology
Other - Future development
Work compensation/promotion
professional development/career growth
Work/life balance
Other: Fair treatment - concern over reverse discrimination due to forced initiatives such as "hiring externally" which has discriminated against well-qualified internal candidates; and new "Diversity & Inclusion" objective which potentially will result in non-culturally-different employee not being given that opportunity for mentorship, etc (just to fulfill a metric).
Work-life balance
I need to be very careful not to express any opinions that may not conform with the current company thinking.
We have now had 2 years in a row where shutdown dates have not been locked in until we are very close to shutdown.  We need to do a better job.  In the past those dates were locked in the fall before.  We need to get back to that.  So people can plan for here  and home.
I want to have a positive impact and make a difference for human health.  When people are assigned to low POS projects or redundant projects or projects that seem more about getting promotions for other people than actually having a positive impact to patients, that bothers me.  Some people seem very willing to commit resources including the careers of other people.  I realize this is needed for a company but having projects fail is incredibly wasteful and we should maximize POS and minimize loss to failed projects, killing them as soon as the data suggest it is the right course.
Managers barely have training when they start and we are currently understaffed. We should have more managers or better trained managers than we do with the daily workload we have and to support continuous improvement projects.
Work-life balance.
Cash Flow
Make impact.
It is hard to develop my skills at MSD since I believe empowerment is very low at the local management level, comparing to previous years.
There is a new Management team at MSD Israel.   There are always concerns when high level positions are replaced by new people.
when will the office reopen
Diversity and inclusion especially LGBTQ related policy. There should be a global policy on this. Due to lack of this policy, some of LGBTQ colleagues left MSD
Dont really have any concerns at this point.
Concern re: team morale and culture of execution in the face of pandemic fatigue.  We are missing personal connections and the ability to have some fun at work.
Stuck at the same level with no career development, no reward for my high performance due to manager is concentrating on one particular individual for promotion at a time; therefore, put him on top titer year after year in hope of  getting him promoted, where all others who work very hard go no where.
Flexibility in working hours and continuing to being able to work, at least partially, remotely after covid restrictions are lifted
Development and growth at Merck
MSD in general is a safe to speak company. However, some SLTs are not exhibiting this trait and even talked down on me one time when I was voicing my opinion. It's as if he was threatening me to stop whatever I was saying because I was contradicting whatever his same race employee was saying. He is not a good leader to be acting that way. He should be impartial even if his "own country man" was being questioned. It was quite obvious the way they conduct themselves that they are leaning towards their own nationality and not really dealing with the issue at hand.
In today's climate, it is very hard to distinguish between systemic racism and politics - both of which worry me a lot
Career Opportunities with MSD/Merck
Normalcy and stabilityEli
Management and Leadership
The lack in person to person contact.  We have experienced high turnover and we have many new faces and names that I have not personally met.  I feel this is needed to develop and retain new people to become successful in their role.
Employee development is selective and not consistently accessible for all. Decisions for promotions are not transparent. No rational, objective fact based  justifications or explanation or feedback given even when solicited from manager. No competency matrix available in Global Clinical Supply to distinguish between different bands and performance levels. People with no experience are hired at same level as people with 8-9 years experience at the job. Opportunities for development offered to handful of employees over and over again. There is NO scope - survey/360 degree feedback etc -  collected on managers. Work environment is demotivating and discouraging, even though company leadership is stating all the right things. Employee development needs significant focus for company to retain talent and skilled employees
Merck's executive decision to take what half of the company would likely agree are one-sided political views on governmental and social issues that further racial and societal divides, which in turn create disengagement on the part of many employees. Focus on pharmaceuticals from 8am-5pm, be a social justice warrior during your personal time, please.
Remote Working
Compensation, Pay
Customer Focus, Health
Career Opportunities, Learning & Development, Promotion
Health
Balance, Job Security, Workload
Flexibility, Covid
Communication, Recognition, Goals, Well-being
Health
Processes, Goals
Diversity, Inclusion, Fairness
Career Opportunities, Learning & Development, Prospects
Balance, Remote Working
Career Opportunities, Learning & Development
Benefits, Commute, Financials, Remote Working, Strategy
Communication, Flexibility, Remote Working, Site
Career Opportunities, Promotion
Culture, Home Life, Social Activities, Safety, Climate, Covid, Protective Equipment
Balance, Remote Working, Covid
Balance, Home Life
Burnout, Meetings, Performance Evaluation, Recognition, Well-being
Benefits, Pay, Time Off
Health
Diversity, Fairness
Communication, Social Activities, Climate
Health, Fairness , Climate, Well-being
Career Opportunities
Health, Social Activities, Well-being
Balance, Burnout, Customer Focus, Efficiency, Empowerment, Performance Evaluation, Training, Workload, Infrastructure & Tools, Well-being
Career Opportunities, Clarity, Communication, Customer Focus, Feedback, Policies, Covid
Burnout, Clarity, Communication, Diversity, Prospects, Strategy, Vision, Workload, Great Place
Balance, Health, Home Life
Processes, Responsibility, Well-being
Benefits, Health, Home Life, Covid
Progress, Remote Working
Burnout, Efficiency, Pride, Processes, Responsibility
Benefits, Health
Diversity, Inclusion
Career Opportunities
Compensation
Communication, Customer Focus, Covid
Health
Prospects
Diversity, Flexibility
Diversity, Inclusion, Training, Fairness
Information, Prospects
Balance, Meetings, Strategy, Workload, Site
Compensation, Pay
Accountability, Pay, Facilities, Infrastructure & Tools, Technical Support, Responsibility
Great Place
Communication, Health, Job Security, Social Activities
Transparency, Trust
Balance, Home Life
Compensation, Pay
Motivation, Performance Evaluation, Processes, Promotion, Retention, Speed of Execution, Values, Vision, Recruitment
Health
Career Opportunities, Diversity, Processes
Home Life, Job Security, Safety, Well-being
Remote Working, Site, Covid
Career Opportunities, Promotion
Strategy, Vision
Career Opportunities, Communication, Inclusion
Career Opportunities, Promotion
Career Opportunities, Diversity, Promotion, Support, Recruitment
Home Life
Balance, Remote Working
Balance, Home Life, Workload
Compensation, Contribution, Financials, Promotion
Balance, Prospects
Compensation, Pay
Compensation, Pay
Career Opportunities
Career Opportunities, Promotion, Training
Remote Working, Goals
Career Opportunities, Promotion
Benefits, Health, Vision
Compensation, Competition, Pay
Accountability, Innovation, Processes, Speed of Execution
Benefits, Health
Learning & Development
Balance, Home Life
Innovation, Prospects
Health, Remote Working
Empowerment
Career Opportunities
Balance, Home Life
Customer Focus
Communication, Cross Team Collaboration, Culture, Customer Focus, Well-being
Transparency
Burnout, Health, Well-being
Culture, Diversity, Inclusion, Meetings, Safety, Goals, Climate
Home Life, Processes, Values, Valued, Well-being
Career Opportunities, Health, Promotion
Balance, Burnout, Home Life, Workload
Compensation, Competition, Pay
Balance, Home Life
Balance, Home Life
Career Opportunities, Promotion
Career Opportunities, Learning & Development
