everyone is committed to abolish silo WOWs and united to drive the right changes
I mainly work in support of another department which is part of a global group with global decisions being taken often without or limited consultation of the local groups, often increasing workload and slowing down work because of added administrative burden.  But I don't feel that this is the case for my actual group.
I think the systems in place need considerable investments going forward within the AH space. We lack system capabilities performing longer range supply and production planning and in some ways Atlas is not setup as concise as COMET ie manual posting accounts vs allocations, investment funding control.
Locally, we do what we can. However, the lack of comprehensive and integrated workflows in IT systems combined with a complex web compliance guidelines and local legislation leaves very little space for innovation and experimentation. As a business, we need to address these barriers if we want to move the needle on ways of working...
IT seems to slow everything down which shouldnt be the case if its set up right.
Barriers tell us we are on the right path
Still lots or compliance restrictions which makes moving forward with new ideas difficult and cumbersome
I have multiple levels of superb leadership within the organization that are constantly plugging in to hear our voices.
We are doing a lot on the barriers within our control, but there are many outside of our control.
We are starting to standardize work, but the decision-making process is slow, and not necessarily delegated at the optimum levels (consolidate to the LT).
We have more barriers due to policy, legal, fear of doing something incorrectly.
There are many of us in the department that have a hard time getting other departments and other sites to respond to questions, requests, etc. Not responding definitely slows down our work.  I am not sure how the "department" can "remove barriers" so that we (meaning other departments and sites) can work together so continue the momentum.
A lot of compliance barriers.  Laptop would also be helpful.
Because of legal constraints and hold ups it slows down our response time to our customers
Need to limit amount of virtual internal meetings
There are too many HQ-driven initiatives like field suggestions, flagging exercises, and surveys to complete in Veeva. These activities are distracting. Also, the RAT tool needs to GO AWAY for those individuals who have been fully vaccinated with a COVID-19 vaccine(s).  I can’t do a field-facing role well when working remotely. Also, it is not fair to have me on the hook for business results when being forced to work in ways that are not productive (I.e. remotely). It’s also not fair because some districts are “green” more than other districts, yet we are all compared against one another for performance benchmarks and PPO purposes. The playing field is not level.
I thought admin work & tracking had been getting less lately a significantly larger amount of "reports/reporting" has been asked.
RFMs are a great example of the The extensive amount of time it takes to report and close out one.
Progress has been made in many areas of our business but other areas remain.  When one bottle neck is removed a second is always discovered.
I feel that our company can do a better job in keeping the end customer in mind in rolling our resources, products, initiatives, etc.  The end customer that needs to be considered is patient, HCP and sales team interaction with HCP’s.
A big barrier to our team performing optimally is using an external medical review agency, which stops us from being an agile, high performing marketing team.
However, we still have some work to do in this area.
There is still work to do here, however most barriers are not local. We have to comply to very strict and policies which make clinical trial execution (especially contracting and payment) difficult.
I have great support from my TA head.
RAT tool is hampering business
We make everything very difficult putting us at a disadvantage to our competitors
As best as possible, we do this, but we have some risks. One or two key people leaving would really impact our ability to do this. We are also very understaffed and it is a consistent challenge to ensure that people are not overwhelmed at work.
It is very difficult to remove barriers when all headcount is dedicated to direct operation.
Great support from management in implementing changes to improve efficiency
A lot of work has been done, but still some process and interactions are too complex to deal.
We are heavy on compliance and restriction in the name of legality, but some of the things we restrict are silly
During the COVID pandemic we were asked to work in groups of two to examine retention samples. This was done in a small room where it was difficult to socially distance. I suggested that one individual observe/participate in the process by viewing through a laptop camera. This was reviewed by my LT, and we were told no. I didn't feel that this was given the proper consideration.
There is more to life than increasing its speed!
The PRT process continues to slow down progress.  This was raised to senior leadership and response was that PRT didn't have the bandwidth to provide the time and help we need.  If Merck wants to continue to advance at the pace they desire, this must change.  This has been a problem for years and continues to the can that gets kicked down the road.  This is stopping us from meeting strategic goals and is a disincentive for employees.
Unfortunately our department does not have adequate staff in my opinion to support all of the barriers and volume of customers that we are expected to support along with managing our own internal Global daily responsibilities that we manage for the IT division. There is never a "headcount" to allow our department to hire the very talented contractors that have been with us for 2+ years now that are invaluable to our area and the ever growing needs from external partners for support. I am always very disappointed in the fact that it is so difficult to bring on these folks that truly deserve the permanent positions within our area and are needed as permanent employees as the work is ever increasing and they have the years of knowledge behind them to continue to provide outstanding support where it is needed.
My manager makes sure that I have all the tools I need for me to efficient.
We haven't gotten any better with procurement yet.  but i hear it is coming.
It is too difficult to remove a low performer.
IT problems often slow down the work process, and help desk is not very helpfull
Limited in # of attendees at virtual programs..... Competition has none No alcohol at programs..... Competition has ability to get targeted physicians to hear peer perspectives No laptops Can’t mention your division or product in an email.  Sending blind emails to customers Out dated VEEVA Emails A RAT tool that doesn’t allow you to plan anything live...... Competition does.  Goes green to red week after week.  Not taking into consideration customers live requests or employee having been vaccinated. In ability to have VEEVA correct address changes when entered.
Barriers from above site are difficult to remove.
Merck is likely the most restrictive and policy driven company competing in the commercial oncology space. The hoops necessary to get anything approved is a competitive disadvantage, as are the heavy restrictions on what field based employees can do relative to other oncology companies.
Too much analyzing, too much bureaucracy
More and more it seems that new "metrics" processes and "project evaluation" processes and requirements are being put in place which take hours and hours to fulfill and take away from real work being done.  We are asked to innovate and come up with solutions but when we do, we are asked to jump through so much red tape and hoops that have no value and instead create MORE work and take time away from the original job. The lesson has been don't innovate, just keep your head down and do what you need to do because you will just get sidetacked.
My dept helps out other depts all the time. There are barriers in relation to how we do things day to day (e.g. the change control system takes a long time and can be inhibitory for urgent changes/support important activities), also the amount of people trained/with access to certain systems can be inhibitory - my dept have tried to escalate/challenge/request access/training, sometimes it works, other times not/they are met with resistance.
Reducing siloes is critical
Our company is so driven and run by attorney’s that it makes it very difficult to do our jobs effectively at times because of the barriers in place to see customers, travel, conduct programs and exhibits and the inherent risks associated with them due to all the new changes.  It is way more difficult now to conduct business in a pre or post Covid world.
We have so many tools in our group that don't work well or don't work consistently.  We work for the tools instead of the tools working for us.  PSPM is a perfect example of this.
We allow everything possible to slow down our work
Our archaic medical/legal PRT review process does not setup the Commercial team for success.  We are far behind the industry in speed and agility.  Our PRT colleagues are great partners, outstanding at their respective functions.  But the process itself, the same process for the last 20 years, as remained the same, and does not efficiently utilize the people and their talents.
We certainly spend lots of time trying to remove barriers, but unfortunately primarily due to compliance concerns, we are frequently unsuccessful...which also gives our teams the perception that we aren't acknowledging or trying to minimize barriers.
stopped beating head against the walls
There are some barriers that effect how I am able to do my job.  No virtual lunches for offices with more than 25 people, no more than 12 lunches per year with any HCP, no more alcohol allowed at dinner programs, etc.  Things like this can make it somewhat challenging to get the necessary face time with customers.  There are also a lot of administrative tasks that do not necessarily improve productivity on a day to day basis.  It can sometimes almost be like a primary care feel where we are doing assignments and tasks just to do them.
Overall I do indeed agree, especially the unit I work within (US Virology).   The absolute firewall between Medical Science Liaisons and field sales (specialty level) seems more restrictive than needed (to the point of coming across as a disorganized company at times) and at times leads to tangible losses in terms customer rapport and/or being perceived as much more difficult to work with than other companies (who work more openly and seamlessly for the same limited availability of customer engagement).
My department has a lot of people who are Merck 20+ year veterans. It is very "this is way we always done it", so why change? They need to implement new process without a big long investigation, pilot program, & written guidance before implementation.
Merck was already one of the most compliance oriented companies and it seems in this last year we are doubling down to the point of making our Oncology division less competitive compared to other companies. We currently have 3 products and 30 indications but we can only do an FFM 12 times per year, even if we cover one indication that would mean that at most the provider could hear that message for the one product once a year but we have 30 and 7-10 reps in each territory.
The path to "getting things done" is very difficult and some (not all) managers in the department are inflexible, can be aggressive and unapproachable.
My main job responsibility is to be in the field with my representatives, and numerous barriers are in place that basically completely prevent that from happening. I have an OSR that needs some good coaching. She had 3 live customer interactions just last week, yet I can’t go because I’m not permitted to fly and my district is very large. The RAT also prevented that yet I’m fully vaccinated.
Slow movement on organizational changes, hiring and indecision from management has slowed down our work.
SOP about creating event is great barrier
No new products, no innovative plans from product management team,If things work well credit goes to PMT team,if things doesn’t work well then sales team is responsible.
GSM Procurement has a long way to go in removing barriers - changing people's mindsets is proving difficult in the current environment.
There is a lot of group-think
The company places so many constraints on us in the field, we are not equally aligned with competitive  companies and are at a disadvantage. Customers notice and ask what is wrong with Merck.
We manage to do some things, but some barriers remain.  Our biggest barriers are across departments/functions.
CTL, sometimes do not listen to suggestions or ideas and often too quick to dismiss and offer up excuses instead of understanding suggestion.
There is access to information at all times.
Need to continue improving access for Steglatro family of products.
Merck has always been a conservative company, not all barriers are ones that can be removed but where we can our department does try to keep that as a goal.
Additional work related to FLEx, purchasing/procurement, and lab operation has been assigned to the lab scientists slowing down work.
We always speak up to our manager when we have something that slows down our work, and usually solve the case by discussion
Too many unnecessary teleconferences to be able to be productive at our jobs
I think the Oncology team does a great job at listening to feedback and pushing for barrier removals. However, compliance has really made it difficult to perform our job and continues to put barriers in place to block our effectiveness (RAT tool, FFM limit policy, MMF live restrictions, vPDG technical limitations etc.)
I don’t feel there is transparency in Merck’s decisions and that the process to get any answers is very slow.
I’m not very confident in the capabilities of numerous departments to interact efficiently and effectively to drive the business forward together in certain aspects of the business.
Disagree because I see the amount of burocracy increasing
Too much administrative work that impedes and interferes time with customers
This is an area in which my department could improve.  CMC has many different business systems and they can be difficult to navigate.  Business systems sometimes don't interface well with each other and individuals tasked with creating processes and systems are sometimes disconnected from the reality of our day-to-day work.
Merck still has a way to go on removing siloes. My immediate management does a good job of removing barriers where it can, but Merck often seems to start initiatives over again as more groups are brought into the fold. It's a waste of time and efficiency. I attribute that to some politics at the VP level.
Occasionally, feedback provided on ways to create more streamlined ways of working seem to go unheard.
There needs to be more urgency put on outside departments to drive results when production is slowed down because of equipment/ materials that need to be fixed or are not available/incorrect.
No, our department doesn't remove barriers that slow down our work. There are a lot of processes that can be done in an efficient way. An example: - We need a protected network data share to store (a little amount of) data. Mainly from Biosafety point of view, not from GLP point of view. None of the IT departments wants to create a share for us, because they say "We are not responsible for archiving data for biosafety reasons, only for GLP reasons". The other IT departments says that the first IT department has to create a share. Meanwhile we're discussing, mailing, set up meetings. And still no network drive to store our important data. In my perception, the R&D OPS is overloaded with work to help in this situation.
for some parts agree, for others disagree, so answer in the middle
We do the absolute best we can within the boulders placed by executive management.
Working towards that but have a ways to go.  We are often slowed down by our own internal processes and policies.
Yes, I would agree to removing some barriers.  But with the recent roll out regarding new systems and processes, it can be overwhelming and often creates more work
I am still too new to answer this question properly.   My department is very quick to respond to any request I have or point me in the right direction.
There are some barriers that can not be removed.
I believe more could be done to make work more efficient for sales team. There seems to be a disconnect from HQ about remembering sales team only have iPads for business. The iPad is efficient for some items, but there are often numerous work arounds needed to save files and use HQ links and resources. Please remember to include iPad friendly instructions when relevant. Also, please consider the extend length of time it takes to complete seemingly routine items like working in word documents, presentations, excel spreadsheets because all of these items are much more cumbersome on an iPad. Thank you.
I think MAH, especially our division, is very poor/slow to remove barriers.  Bringing new products or correcting issues with existing products are extremely slow....almost to the point that we've missed the opportunity to grow business at all.  Being 3/4/5 to the market on a product doesn't do MAH or its team members any benefit.  It almost feels like relationships are poor with governmental agencies or we are weakly staffed in areas that deal with these issues.
Merck creates and puts barriers in the sales teams way! While our competition seems to have little to no barriers.
With many new policies in place that impact the work of the field sales force, it is becoming progressively more difficult to meet with our customers (specifically the 12 call maximum per year tied to FFMs, whether the provider accepts a meal or not).  Many representatives are opting not to do FFMs and MMFs to avoid any compliance violations, ultimately resulting in fewer interactions.  With Covid rules and regulations and now added policies regarding customer interactions, it is becoming progressively more challenging to meet with our customers.
Working towards doing this,still have a long way to go
Thanks and congratulations my manager and time.
there are Many Many hrdles we overcome at BCG on a daily basis
Policy 3 has greatly affected my ability to do my work and help patients
Recruiting has been very difficult.  When many companies offer remote or flexible options (in office/WFH hybrid) at the onset of employment, our department requires that new employees be in the office F2F for one full year prior to offering a flexible hybrid remote option.  We can not be competitive in today's marketplace with recruiting if we are unwilling to allow hybrid (in the office/work from home) flexibility at the onset of employment.  Competitive candidates will NOT consider Merck.  This has been a very difficult barrier to overcome and it doesn't make sense considering that almost all our work can be done on computers with all the technology options available at Merck.
I understand we are in a highly regulated field however we are conservative to a fault.
systems are always changing, processes are too cumbersome and complex
It is not easy to do since there are strong silos in Merck, especially between MMD and MRL when it comes to managing E2E change control.  We need more of a one Merck mindset.  Leadership at all levels need to reinforce the importance.
Sometimes we still get hung up on vetting and approvals. We're getting better here but I think we can improve even more if we have clearer processes and guidelines around expectations and we're identifying clear resources or point people so we're not scrambling to figure out who we need to go to.
Too many don’t know who to challenge or don’t want to challenge status quo.  I was tasked with bringing Agile to US marketing but I don’t see a receptivity to the principles behind Agile at the leadership level.  It’s still product-centric, not customer centric and short-term focused decision making
Again, barriers under the guise of safety are bogging down our work faster than our managers can deal with it.  Yet, there is no scientific evidence that barriers generated by EHS have improved safety.  Incidences and recordables remain steady, with no improvement.
I feel at times there are too many layers of complexity and often global dictates access programs and marketing materials in Australia.
We have alot of layers/escalation/decision paths to bring issues or ideas for approval. This could be streamlined
We constantly hit the wall, when we try to be innovative and creative. It is not a good environment for new idees and doing things in a new way.
It feels like there are a lot of headquarter-driven "projects" and process "improvements" (which don't appear to improve the end user experience, but allow for data analytics) that result in administrative work. I feel like we have crossed a threshold where we are measuring things for the sake of measuring things and "nice to know" information.
The department management does what it can to remove barriers that impede work progress; however, those efforts are often hindered at above site levels.
Review current policies with regards to patient and customer centricity. Review  development opportunities for everyone not just chosen few
We are so heavily restrained by internal policies and procedures that we are not agile and take so long to deliver materials and resources. By the time approvals are through and we deliver we have many times missed the boat. I don't feel the sales team are valued as they should be and MSD's policy of paying at 50% median market rate will see many talented people go. How can you expect the best ales people if you are only prepared to pay them at a median market rate. We are worth so much more than that and need to be valued more highly.
I feel confident in the steps thus far, and the way it is communicated to all employees
I strongly feel that MSD needs Digital Transformation. Employees have been doing a lot of tasks manually while they are plenty of room to be digitalized if IT professionals are involved.
There are happening many things in Merck LPO. At all levels. They should be asked why their employees are so disappointed.
I think upper management needs to know the current situation (workload) at the end of the line. I think that if this continues, we may become a black company.
Leaders at all levels visible and verbalizing our culture, commitment to Diversity and Inclusion and leading by example with so many leadership changes in significant roles occurring
I feel that the exectives do not show what kind of company Merck aims in the long term of 5 to 10 years: for example, which disease areas will we focused on, and whether or not to expand to beyond the pill. I hope the exectives present their visions. Also, I would like them to convey such vision and strategy to people other than HQ well.
employee welfare & job security
Bring in outside in perspectives -  make us faster.  Bring in more accountability to functions. Actively work to remove bias against specific markets (cultural and other stereotypes regarding India for instance).
Transparency
1) Upgrade IT systems 2) Work load balances 3)Competent Leader
Continue our culture, to help people live long and better by doing  the right things with the right way！
Higher decentralisation and delegation to the region/Hub.
Feel invisible walls in MSD China. Feel isolation sometime. Some program developed by global cannot be applied freely due to local culture. Knowing that boss are tring to push the walls and create a enviroment for easy communication. Hope a more open enviroment will come soon. Thanks.
Workload planning. Some positions are restructured and workload is shifted to other functions expecting the existing functions to continue absorbing without additional resources allocated. This impacts work-life balance of the employees.
MMD Singapore is constantly on a "stretched" mode with no occasional slow down in pace projects and requirements. Big site with tons of ever-increasing priorities. It is working people to bones.
Merck and MSD should continue to invest in R&D to increase our pipeline for new drugs and advancement in sciences.  This is the core to building a strong foundation for the next 20-30 years of growth.
Remove the idea of funding. It complicates the process immensely, impedes creativity and removes passion from work. People in IT have to go around it to do the right things for the business. This shows how broken the concept of funding is within our company. It will become a huge impediment and if it cannot be overcome, organizational development coaches and change management coaches or professionals will start to leave for a better place.
I feel satisfied of how the company takes care of its employees now
Hope MSD university can organize more training
Policy related to employee benefit/well-being should be “mandatory and universal” as company level instead of leave space for local market to interpret; otherwise employees in small markets tend not to recevie the same level of benefit as those in large markets.  Recently announed policy of maternity leave is one of good example here, before which marktes with poor labor regulation never have the rights they deserved as others. Other areas to be improrved incude severane pay, flexiblility of working location, work-from-home..etc where I still see huge gap between markets.  Severance pay in terms of monthy salary vary among markets, which employees in some country recevied less than half compentaion compared to other countries in similar stituaitons. (eg. FOM) Employees in Asia may travel two hours one way to office every day without any flexiblility of work-from-home. Even a one day per week work-from-home option can signifcantly improve their work-life-balance by reducing commute time
Make a clear instruction to each team.
Ensuring all functions (HH and non-HH have an alignment on the key strategies and actively work to enable this. eg we have been talking for +3 years about issues with the conservative approach and legal/compliance and yet nothing has changed
Change our fixed concepts and company structures. It's difficult to do DX w/o company transformation (CX). Managers have a key role for CX and the style of them should be changed with age.
Optimize systems and simplify internal processes to remove barriers for front line staff
Embrace for risk appetite. Effective communication & work alignment. Less process/froms.
Further improvement of employee benefits and external tarining.
To make sure that the internal movements will not compromise the the ability of the others on their deliverables
safe to speak
If feel they are doing a great job currently and I do not need anymore assistance
More career opportunity outside the country
Best company in the world
should continue with communicating with MSDians, keep transparency,
nothing
Empower employees
Promoting those TBMs as Area Bussiness Manager who has worked  hard in the field to achieve good rapport with all KBLs and KOLs and generated good Bussiness  and  who  is  also matured enough to understand people
promote work life balancing
Keep on listening to people, be adaptive to the challenges, continue to communicate with colleagues on the reasons of main decisions
Streamline and simplify where information resources are stored.
Giving more value to employees, providing a better comfort at home
Currently undergoing a restructure within one division, but other parts of the organisation are only focused on their own interests, and constantly critical of any changes. More tolerance to the current situation
Delivering on our mission means to me more trainings and have the feeling of secure with your job.
the org need to pace itself on transformation journey, with numerous changes in management levels, headcount reduction, agile mode, ISO org reform and streamline embarkment, Merck need to check in from time to time on how people are coping. do we need to have everyone at the finishing line at one go, or allowing multiple checkpoints to allow employee to pace themselves as well
Redistribue FTE in between departments. Benchmark on other companies where taskforces are someTimes double
I just started few months ago and cannot answer this question in a well-founded way.
Focus on Work Life-Balance
Should have a diverse culture, should develop talent within teams, and show more appreciation and recognition to employees,  Should have clear and fair promotion process Clear and fair annual appraisal scoring system
Even though we work in a good Nordic environment I think it is still important to focus on national teams as well. I think there are many local issues that no one takes care of, as the local GM doesn't seem to care about local challenges and issues...
one home one dream. make everyone feel at home.
work-life balance. now is too much work to do disturbed huge amount of phone calls which could be replaced by e-mails. For CRM work it will be better to manage studies when specialisation will be added - for example only infectious studies, onlu bladder studies, not every study in other indication. Make core team in each time zone
Ensure that sites/departments are sufficiently resourced to avoid people from burning out while also working from home for more than a year. This without any perspective on additional resources and/or return to the workplace
More transparency to MRL employees on product pipeline obviously respecting confidentiality
I'd like MSD to focus more on education/experience and professionality of employees, not their gender/color. We're all same human beings and we're all committed to invent for life here
Set up organization structure and not change for at least two years to mak people feel secure and working with feeling that they will be emplyed at least for next one two years
Keep informing the teams on their strategic plan. The spin-off has led to many changes in the company and it will be good to understand what the strategy for MSD will be in the coming years.
Enough resource to do the work and a healthier ratio of perm stafff vs contractors
Merck/MSD need to actively engage with colleagues to determine what work life post Covid will look like. WFH over the last 12 months has changed the way we work forever and going back to the old ways is not the right thing to do in my opinion. To counter that we are an operations based organization so that option is not open to everybody and there are colleagues including supervisor's, managers and Leads that are required to be on site on a daily basis and we should not shy away from that either. There is an opportunity here to find the right balance and truly make Merck/MSD a great place to work and be able to attract our leaders of the future in what is an very intense employment market right now.  I would like to compliment Merck/MSD for the flexibility they have shown for colleagues to manage work life balance in the last 12 months.
Add equal opportunities irrespective of country. Programs like GMAP should be made more flexible. D&I training should be made mandatory for: HR recruiters, Managers and should go top-down.
I think MSD is doing the best they can during COVID and the Leadership team has worked really hard in Brinny to make us feel safe and secure.
Ensure better and more often training sessions for divisional jobs to ensure a more experienced overall division.
Managers should be prepared how to deal difficult situations and support employees.
More commitment on people management, people development. More commitment to internal regulations.
Reassure jobs security for people feeling threatened by the spinoff and reorganization immediately after.
Resources to effectively, timely and sustainability deliver on mission
Improve the VP level politics, make rapid decisions
Make it easier to implement changes. We often think in impossibilities instead of possibilities. Out of the box thinking (especially with Quality related processes) is not encouraged.
I am really impressed with and grateful for the support given to all employees during this current pandemic and feel that, where appropriate & practical, Merck/MSD will continue a certain amount of flexibility around more working from home.
Keep the flexibility experiencing during Corona, let the people decide based on their work how they want to do home office and when.  Move Animal Health and Human Health closer together based on technologies/production process development
MSD support services (HR, legal, SHE) do not understand the pressure on departments involved with operations.
I think MSD is already doing a lot by communicating frequently and concise on COVID and other topics and promoting an active life with good work/life balance and quality time with the family. I however do feel more engagement is needed around fortifying our future (status, intent etc) and other strategic initiatives cause at the moment people on the shopfloor notice and see too little of this.
Show more appreciation/Give more credits to years of experience so people stay longer in position and don't leave for an other opportunity after one promotion.
I feel more time could be dedicated to training, I find alot of the time even when I am on track with my work other factors (such as other people in other areas) always leave signing of paperwork etc. to last minute. I have been told many times that  a specialist should be doing some of my roles and it doesn't fill me with confidence that that role does not exist, Our department I have to say has improved alot, digital technology has also made life much easier in our department which is great, Data integrity is getting stronger due to this technology and its great. I am looking forward to seeing what all the new platforms bring to Brinny. I do find my job stressful at times but I try my best to strike a balance. I have a great supervisor and manager who are very supportive and fair which is so important. If I was to compare how I felt this time last year to this year about working in Brinny I would say I have a genuine more positive outlook this year.
Stop enacting weird policies before you sample the general feeling what might happen, especially outside of US. We are a global company. Things like censoring MS Teams GIFs or trying to stop people from using best browser Chrome - just makes people angry at first and then apathetic. Don't expect such people to innovate or drive change.
try to be apolitical more  be a global company - more diversity in strategical roles outside the US
Maintain the current achieved high level of reputation and constantly monitor the competitive situation at the level of each country.
-encourage employees to take initiatives  -hire a diverse group of people -organize some more remote well-being and bias related trainings -in general it would be nice to organize some remote seminars/trainings in order to escape from the usual work routine for a while.
MERCK is in general a good place to work, but decision making can be slow, and structures and process quite manual and difficult to overhaul.
Continue to develop and support flexible ways of working so that the innovations introduced to enable us to work safely and successfully during a pandemic continue to support both colleagues and business needs as we return to normal post the Covid era.
Communication about changes (company level; or organizational unit level, or even the team level). Some important news about big changes are announced to the public before the internal communication is sent (for example, we are learning about new Corporate Leadership appointments from our peers in the industry, not our company). Some communications are sent with a delay - new process is live, but the Comms are sent 2 days after the go-live date. Some communications that directly impact the team are sent to the company-wide audience without prior announcement to the impacted team.
It's already a great place to work but I think that could be also better in future
To be in contact with the professional employees and not only with the managers. I believe that you can learn from their knowledge and experience which is will not be able to receive from the managers
Implementation of global strategy with respect for each country's culture
As a new employee I feel the induction to my job could have been better. There were no guides or conversations as to how I get started with systems I need to have access to do my job.
Treat people with respect
review recruitment procedures
There is alot of training and support on Compliance and ways of working but I do feel that pressure is put on to work outside of these guidelines. Highlighting compliance issues is not seen as acceptable
Incentivise performance. It is not working with today's bonus structure   Challenge the ways we are doing things and that the leadership team has the courage to make change  Scale down the processes that kills productivity and creativity. We spend too much time project managing projects instead of delivering results.
MSD is an Innovator company and should also provide HR policies needs compared to peers. The following things needs improvement. - HR software tools needs to be more user friendly -Leave structure is rigid and different types of leaves should be allowed to be clubbed -Payroll staff needs to be answer the queries properly. -Salary structure can include more flexible options like sodexo or zeta card -Due to Covid situation, most of employees has vacated  their rented apartments from the city of work place and HR should provide relocation while resuming the services for coming back to the same city again - variable pay is on higher side when compared to the peers. -While working from home, company should provide proper compensation for setting up office at home  Apart from that, work wise, Archival system is not adequate and is hard to find the correct submitted document  -
Focus on the value to the patient, the HCPs and the whole Healthcare system, which should be more important than number of contacts. Retain talent through the turbulent times ahead as we increase engagement and try to find new ways to add value. Ensure a bigger focus on local healthcare economies across MSDs portfolio and across patient pathways.
Reduce corporate bullshit. I'm tired of townhalls, training, massive IT barriers. Make it personal. HR needs to be more personally engaged and work for the employees not the employer.
Treat all employees in the same role equally.
Although Merck & MSD are undoubtedly a great place to work & i always dream to work for this company which is fulfilled. But there is always scope of improvisation for individuals & Organizations. The culture is mainly being driven by Man-Managers. So if they are well developed & cultured the organization automatically becomes excellent work place if that eco system is faulty the culture becomes suffocated & stressful which will impact organization badly. So selecting Man Managers should be done with excellent precision.  But at last, i am proud to work with MSD.  Regards
Offer more more cross-function opportunity to broaden employee's horizen and experience.
Off longer parental leave to employees.
More resources where needed i.e. more people to get the job done. Often see the people who are in the roles being overworked and stressed as they don't have the personnel for support.
Keep the flexibility with the Home Office as a regular process and not only in pandemics periods.
As for the Merck's IT organization and in my personal opinion, MSD needs to have lab environment and introduce war games or drill exercises that would be also empowered by automation based on the Ansible platform. This would move our job back from extinguishing fires and correct tiny pieces of architecture one at a time to a controlled way of sophisticated IT deployment and change management, knowledge management etc.
Go CO2 neutral asap Have key product to cure COVID
Actively supports diversity and inclusion. The leadership and managers should present tangible activity through which they demonstrate D&I. E.g. allocate budget to support EBRGs, take active part in some charity work, share stories and situation from the employees and how they tackled/helped tackle or would tackle injustice and any kind of "phobia" (e.g. homophobia) in the workplace.  Actively support D&I by encouraging people with disabilities to apply for a job in MSD/Merck. For example there is currently no disabled person working in Prague IT Hub and I doubt that they are not interested in working for such a great company.  Actively support reduction of the number of the meetings per day. It is not possible to sit on a meeting from 9 am till 5 pm and then finally make some time to do actual work.
More freedom and empowerment of employees, from my point of view it will be impossible to achieve our mission if the team destined for it is not trusted.
1. Continue to drive ways of working and hold people accountable who do not exhibit these behaviours 2. Continue to foster a culture of D&I  3. Build a robust pipeline to take us through the LOE of Keytruda
Continue to promote GD&I and gender equality
I think we need to simplify the way we implement changes. Not to simplify procedures, but whenever a change in a process is needed, be able to implement changes in a short time period. Also to balance workload and meeting times. For those who work on international position this is sometimes a challenge. Working from the EU means you need to wake up early to meet with Asia and to be working until late for US meetings. This is now starting to impact some fridays as well.
If/when possible, simplify as much as possible of all the compliance processes that are needed. Make compliance "fun" - not a burden.
Make the necessary R&D investments to fuel the pipeline. Keep MMD a tactical benefit in the world of external supply chains that prooven to be fragile during pandemic. Equip staff with digital tech that does make them even more efficient and effective, typically the younger generation!
Human resources should be a familiar face on site again, and not a distant figure in a call center
Move towards leaner organization
I think MSD is a great place to work but the most important thing for me is my perception of the whole company through my meetings with my direct manager - she supports me, is curious about my ideas and my feedback,  I know i can share everything, she always keeps me informed and up to date with all the changes, and my vision of staying with the company in the next 2 years and hopefully further is not just because i like the whole organization - but I think is mainly related to the fact that my manager shares the values of the company - we even had a talk on diversity and inclusion in our polish environment on a 1:1 meeting. So I think in order to make the company a great place to work is to give us the opportunity to grow under the supervision of great leaders.
haven't been able to develop a Covid medicine which makes me worried about us being research focused (compared to other pharmaceuticals), I would expect shareholders to feel the same. To overcome, we have to make bold moves. I cannot comment on the chance of succeeding, but the future of health companies will be in neurodegenerative diseases such as MS, Dementia, ALS. Developing in that area could bring major benefits in terms of reputation (and therefore talent acquisition) and long term profitability.
Provide funding for training and certification, My Learning is too basic for new technology.
For small markets there is difficult to have work-life balance. Employees are overloaded. No back-up.
Foster the use of digital to create more efficiencies, avoiding greater workload from the digital itself.
Renew the workforce at all levels, we need fresh perspective, some people have been here too long. D&I: start with women. The unconscious bias is there in men in the company Focus on CARE: care about the people, support people managers to be good managers, help with change management
I'm relatively new to the organisation, I'm finding Merck and MSD much better company and amazing colleagues than previous companies I've worked with.
stop over complicating everything
continue focusing on safety and security, both IT and facility management, and of course promote an inclusive and diverse employee treatment. Thank you
Simplify procedures/processes and look at different realities in affiliates that require different approaches.  A fully standardized approach does not fit all.
Ways of Working in reality, and not just on paper
MSD is already a great place to work and over the last year, I've seen a huge improvement in trying to make processes better. Decision making is one of MSD's weak point in my opinion, it takes too long.
Stop being so US focused, this company feels more Merck, less MSD.
Continu with the new WoW's and initiatives to improve D&I
Within our site; better alignment of priorities between all projects and processes. Now the one screeming loudest gets served first.
Keep focusing on the people
Find a way to ease the stress, people are working too hard. young parents with kids at home - communicate a global policy to help them, there are plans in certain markets, it should be global. Something that will make them feel the company see them as human beings. How can we expect them to work as if their kids are not at home I don't have young kids, I see their pain)
Continue the focus on racial injustice and leading by example
Clear career path and develop current employees as future leaders then select from them first for open vacancies. Currently we make equal opportunity for external candidates with internal employees, this is fare to the company but not for the employee
Sensitize higher level management to have respect for the time and commitment it takes their employees to do "non strategic" work
I think I am too new to fully comment on this. However, my observation so far is that the people really make MSD what it is - everyone is super nice, although there is a hierarchy no one uses it negatively, people who work here seem to care about what they do. As the people seem a huge part of the positives of MSD I think continuing to give them a voice and encouraging involvement across the business (including outside of their day to day) helps give that motivation
We need to collectively prioritize work in a more disciplined way to ensure we are focused on those things that enable the organization to deliver on its most important priorities. Once we have prioritized, we then need to reallocate our human capital to the most important priorities regardless of hierarchy.  This agile and flexible approach to resourcing our priorities is critical to our future success as a more focused company.  Lastly, we need to assess our incentives, since they are very focused on individual versus reward and recognition of teams, which is how we actually get work done.
Speaking for ANK AH site, it seems MSD integration to the site is not complete and should be controlled by MSD on regular basis.
Better promotion frequency and more competitive compensation not just in SSF and Boston
Continue the commitment to quality and compliance, actively foster a safe to speak up environment, and resist the urge to cut corners/take shortcuts in order to deliver.
break the silos. Respect different cultures, not just on paper but as part  of Merck's DNA
Technology is not neutral, and it can deepen social inequity. Our company has a great potential in disrupting the industry by rethinking how AI and automation are designed. There's a great effort in diversity and inclusion, let's expand that to the very technology we are creating day by day.
more transparency among different functional areas, encourage different opinions with actions not just words, provide more coaching
1. Double down on talent first culture and pull it through with modeling the behaviors and giving teams and working parents the comfort to tap into this new approach successfully. Avoid the risk of reopening and that guilt / unofficial risk creeping in and reversing the intent that is a big co risk.  2. Simpler way for resource / headcount business cases or ways for employees to present resource request to deliver on work in simpler ways.   3. Too many meetings overall at the company compared to other companies. Culturally engrained - no meetings have agendas, outputs, notes, etc in US GHH — leads to unneeded spend of time in meetings and burnout as most actual “work” needs to happen outside of meetings blending heavily into work/ life balance concerns at merck. Could be tied to limited accountability and ownership of work items by individuals and most work is “group” chartering it fwd and doubling or tripling resource needs on commons tasks and decisions.
Take time to develop and offer training to different job functions (relevant to the job),  to allow people to continuously develop and grow in any one role while performing the day to day tasks .
No unassigned seating faster computer system / network no container village / built proper offices  Impression that Merck more buy innovation and new products than discover them by ourselfs  everything is outsourced - do more insource  no one takes responsibility for unpleasant tasks  to find the responsible person is difficult
Merck should provide employees with flexibility of work, the ability to improve upon and add needed skills that align with the direction the company is heading. In addition, more transparency is better than less.
Offer retirement packages to those interested before any layoff are done to reward long-term loyal employees. Also PLEASE offer Administrative Associates Stock Options to make us feel equally important to the company's goals and objectives.  Restricting us from these benefits makes us feel less appreciated.
Continue to improve digital resources, utilize master data to make informed business decisions, limit political jargon in the workplace it seems to make the workplace less inclusive and more divisive.
Continue to invest resources in growing employees and the company's pipeline.
In Animal Health my manager is 150% focused on being a high achiever at any cost. She is unreasonable in her view of how much time she expects her team to work to achieve the goals. She also tells you to have work/life balance but doesn't honestly support that. She is contradictory and I, like many others are afraid of the consequences that will come when we have to deal with challenging family issues during this time. I believe it's important that Merck and MSD make it clear to their managers that we are still in a pandemic. Inasmuch as we have goals to achieve and most of us are willing to go the extra mile to achieve those goals we truly need GENUINE support to manage our families as well. This is very challenging and we don't  need contradictory managers that are talking out of both sides of their mouths.
Focus on the pharmaceutics not on other things outside the company
We need to have better project management at HQ level for the management of studies. It seems that they are working in silos again and there is little coordination, e.g. ICF group is not aligned with other study documents. A lot of staff is very junior and does not have leadership. Not clear who to escalate issues to. All very complex and precious time is spent on resolving issues rather than conducting studies appropriately. The payment process is very time-consuming. Have you ever calculated how many hours and people are involved in the E2E life of an invoice? Systems are not connected. Why is it not possible to add items in Spectrum rather than each country create and update separate trackers?
Merck should implant formal 360 degree feedback for all people managers
Either hire more people or focus on less projects.
Not to invest only in  R&D and clinical trials but also in the support divisions/staff as the workload of these divisions increase drastically
Continue to challenge the status quo.
AVOID GETTING INVOLVED IN POLITICS. We work on medicine for the people, not social justice for the people. We can establish a culture for our company that is all inclusive, diverse etc (which it already is) but that should be for our company and not extending out to society. The United States should not be run by the opinions of a few powerful corporate leaders, but by the people.
Continue with the current  methodology.
Remove the barriers between senior management and the regular workers.  We say we want inclusion and everyone is treated equally, but at the director level and above, I see times where there are two sets of rules, one for them, and one for the lower level.  More focus is needed on walking the talk.  You can't just send emails and push the D&I into the yearly performance reviews.  We need to live it everyday at ALL levels in the organization.
Try never to forget that medicine is for the people. It is not for the profits. The profits follow.  Trust and empower employees to work to this aim. After over a decade of working for Merck, with the exception of my direct manager, I feel that I'm not any more trusted to act in the company and patients' best interest any more than the day I started. I feel that I spend most of my time justifying my work instead of actually doing the work. I would much rather spend time actually making Merck a great place to work and delivering on our mission.
I think the company is dong an excellent job. Management is showing flexibility during these times and I feel the support for me is present. This is a very stressful time in everyone's lives, but we are rallying together as a team and most importantly as a family.
1. Improve medical benefits. 2. Encourage remote working (beyond COVID restrictions). 3. Simplify some of the convoluted change control processes.
I think Merck is already doing a really good job with this. I think continuing to promote diversity and inclusion is important, as well as continuing on the with the goals of inventing good medicine for helping people worldwide.
too many decision levels, top down management; need to flatten the organization and eliminate barriers between regions and global.  Organization remains extremely siloed and cross functional collaboration and true brand planning is non-existent. Need to lead from a position of trust, which truly empowers employees, rather than being condescending. Benefits and compensation are not at par with industry levels, and employees not given even the equipment required to adjust to work from home (adequate monitors, printers, chairs, and headphones).
By continuing Merck's culture of professionalism through morality will allow it to grow as a leading corporation in the world.  I have only been employed by Merck for just about 1 year now, and I truly feel a sense of family that cares for each other and everything the company represents. Absolute caring professionals!
Resourcing appropriately.  It seems that upper management is not responding to requests and not providing appropriate resources despite attempts to inform them of the needs in our department and for me specifically.   In fact they are in agreement that the lack of resources and lack of quality is the root cause.  A poor work/life balance is the result of not resourcing appropriately.     Although,  I've heard management verbalize they are providing an environment for their reports to have a balanced work/life output,  clearly they are not listening and not responding appropriately.  I've always felt I would retire with Merck but the last 6-8 months have been very trying and although I plan to stay at this point, I have started to consider other options.
More flexibility moving forward in working from home vs. being on site. The model of coming in when you need to/staying home when you don't or half the week at home/half at work is effective and would allow for a better work/life balance while maintaining innovation and progress.   In addition, promotions definitely appear to be rare and not as common as other companies.
Train project leaders and mangers on ways to make meetings more productive. Keep the meeting time to the minimum required for a productive discussion. Place greater emphasis on personal wellness of employees. Make wellness an acceptable topic of discussion at work.
It would be great if we moved closer to the word of the ABPI. Whilst it is laudable to have procedures that take us far above the ABPI, it does mean at times that our customers see us a difficult to work with and we sometimes work in ways that challenge common sense. We need to develop Business Practices that not only drive compliance but also build confidence and empower MSD employees. I do believe that we are taking steps in the right direction on this point.
Leaders need to be comfortable saying No to many of these non-value-add flavor of the month initiatives and put very strong focus on the critical few objectives that will have the most positive impact.  They fail at this now.
I hope the high performance computing (HPC) server to work better.
To make any work place great, all the working people should feel like family. If you think, employee is spending second most of his/her time in working environment and with colleagues after his/her own family. IF we want best from employee, he should feel home. I would recommend to build a culture at working place where all can feel home without being judged. I would recommend Merck & MSD to increase activities where colleagues can spend more time together where they can know each other and have those non work related conversations so people can understand each other more from where they are coming from, what culture, what country, what tradition. Activities like Happy Fridays, Bowling plans, more team lunches, once a year get to gather with family (within teams only), etc. I hope this helps to come together on socially and it helps to build relations which last long and make employee to work for same organizations longer due to knowingness of each other and family environment.
respect the employees time and resources and not burden them more e.g. HR making life way more complicated that it need to be and also not having the employees interests at heart. really enable part-time solution and/or unpaid leave
Increase diversity in leadership positions and provide more employee inline with other leading pharmaceutical companies.
Really work to streamline processes.   Make things more simple where possible.  Process are unclear.  Lack of efficiency is the most prevalent. Align people with their strengths and the work they do.
Focus in areas that we can bring greatest patient value Increase risk tolerance in culture to become more nimble in rapidly changing world Stick to its long term strategy including Fortify and beware of fear-mongering wrt Keytruda LOE Increase self-awareness of our strengths and limitations as a company in 2021
The split of Organon has been difficult.  As a "double hatter" I am helping with Organon work and my usual work.  However, I've been told that I need to continue doing Organon work/support even after the split in June.  That's stressful.  They just haven't hired enough people do to all they need to do.  Their systems are not set up yet.
Continue to be open to trying to WoW even if that means failing and starting over. We need to try things, learn from our mistakes and move on to the next thing.
Provide your employees with better healthcare.  The medical benefits we receive are a joke compared to competitor companies offerings.
I believe we need to be more flexible in regards to Covid 19 and allowing employees the ability get back to work and best serve our customers.   Fully vaccinated people need to decide for themselves how to best serve customers.  Ex. In person vs remote working.
In the face of budgetary and capacity constraints, Merck needs to address the numerous administrative burdens put upon individual contributing scientists, lab staff, etc. In particular, the overly conservative culture of EHS actually impedes and obstructs, instead of supporting, our ability to do our work safely and efficiently.
Proud to be part of Merck.
Create a more sustainable environment for employees working from home.  Employees do not currently have the equipment needed to work comfortably and effectively for 9+ hours a day.  The company needs to invest in the infrastructure to enable sustainability and boost productivity.
Keep politics and personal opinion on current events away from work environment.
The company needs to diversify beyond Keytruda and expand its portfolio. There are so many cutting edge technologies out there which will or are in clinical development. Seems Merck is totally missing in action. The cash cushion can only last so much. The portfolio doesnt need to be giant, but diversification beyond Keytruda and about 20% share of newer or platforms of future would be great (e.g. off the shelf T cell therapy).
Instill a sense of shared responsibility for our mission with larger company events so that more networking takes place and silos are broken down
Continue the COVID 19 Updates with Julie and team, I feel that is an unbiased source of truth for myself. Continue allowing those who can to work from home and have flexible work arrangements post pandemic.
Address the culture top-down. Take direct action to address the toxic behaviors of leaders. Stop loading more change and transformation into the system - the company should be more focused on fewer high impact things. At the moment company is a mix of toxic culture, lack of clear and consistent direction and too much non-value-add / non-essential work.
Look for partnerships to continue our investment in vaccines as one of our main focuses.
Continue to support elder care/child care.   Also our policies around time off ( paid) for our elderly parents and funerals is outdated and antiquated.   Many in our company have aging parents and relatives that we are having to bury and support.   There have been many changes for child care and maternity/paternity paid leave but I do not fill supported for when my parents/relatives need assistance or for funeral time off of work.
Reconcile digital acceleration ways of working with efficient and easier systems that produce positive outcomes. I feel sometimes that in order to do everything digitally we lost sight of the big picture: to save and improve lives around the world.
continue to simplify and reduce unnecessary complexity and bureaucracy which creates more barriers
There are several organizations where "aware" staff will not work because they know leadership is not good (corrosive).  Human Resources should ACTIVELY identify bad leadership (an algorithm to track staff turnover rates perhaps) and resolve the problem (training for that leader or remove that leader).  We cannot depend on team members to step forward to bring this to Merck/MSD attention, they will simply move to another job.  High middle management is frequently competing with each other for the next promotion.  This drives additional workload because work is done in their organizations to "outshine" the competition which draws resources away from value add/decision making activity.  The highly competitive atmosphere promoted at Merck means resources are not always focused on high value tasks.  Collaboration suffers.
Merck needs to embrace all aspects of diversity and not just racial.  Merck has never been good at promoting or developing employees without a college education.  Years of experience is never realized.  I have been with the company for 23 years and always passed over and told it is due to lack of education, but I am assigned tasks 2 levels higher than my band.
Stay focused on our mission and keep personal and political agendas out
develop solutions to help us work smarter to get more done with the same FTE resources (robotics, ecommerce),
Turly value the people that have been dedicated to working here for many years. Understand that these people can adjust and are willing to grow with changes that are best for Merck as a company. Merck need to follow the same set of HR roles for all divisions and parties involve and not let each Manager decided the rules that they want to follow and to twist the rule so that they get what they want. .
To please stay away from political issues
Consider reinstating in-person  meeting for sites where a majority of employees are vaccinated.
Stop advertising about wellbeing and use this money the remove pressure/workload on employees so they can really have a healthy balance between work and private life. Be less Global and more local.
Improve on becoming a more agile organisation and developing more digital strategies
I feel Merck is doing a very good job at trying to assure the workplace is safe and to try to meet the needs of the employees. By allowing us to work in a hybrid fashion our work/live balance is much greater than before.
Merck needs to promote from the bottom up.  Bringing people in based on degrees has proved useless in a lot of situations.
Help the employees that are in other countries besides USA, to get access to the vaccine.  In addition, decisions as remove the GIF function from Teams, are not in accordance with D&I
Continue efforts to encourage diversity and inclusion to promote new ideas from all levels
Be innovative on what sets us apart from all of the other companies. I know that pts. Even have a hard time getting in front of their Oncologist. Always seeing the PA, RN or MA. How will we make our Oncologists want to see the Merck Rep. What kind of value can we bring that’s different from all the rest. We wanna be the #1 we must think outside of the box.
continue to focus on removing barriers to get work done and meaningful career development pathways
Provide the same tools equally to cope during this time of home office. I have received a home screen for my laptop and ergonomic chair, but these resources were denied to other colleagues of a different area who are also MSD employees. Of course, this is denied to contractors as well. Also, some members are being very disrespectful doing calls and sending emails on weekends and when this situation was informed, no significant action was taken as the situation continues. So there is a lot of work to be done regarding "safe to speak up environment", including learning about "victim shaming" from the managers.   We are not walking the talk regarding equality and speaking up.
Continue creating spaces for people to speak critically of decision-making and overall atmosphere of work.
good pay Employee retention  Invest in training/education
It seems like decisions are being pulled at higher levels versus being driven down to the appropriate level in the organization.  This reduces empowerment and job satisfaction.  It also draws management attention and time up, and away from coaching and developing their team, which is across and down.
The leadership at Merck and Merck Animal Health prioritizes wellbeing and fosters a culture of healthy work/life balance.  I feel supported and valued by my manager, and that my work is significant for the organization.
Ensure we use the talents of our people in the right way, allowing them time to focus and to do the things they know best to do, and less time spent on administrative activities that perhaps can be conducted with project management support
Keep offering great benefits to employees including medical, mental health, health incentives (LiveIT) and family/child care. It's such a blessing to work for a company that offers these.   Keep stance/speaking up/out against racial injustice and politics and working towards a more inclusive culture.   Allow for a flexible/hybrid option for working from home once the pandemic is over. Working from home has been really beneficial for me and my family.
I hope our executives drop the political commentary in the future...
Establish additional community events within the sites, while still maintaining Covid-19 protocols and safety checks.  We are stronger when we feel closer together.  A community provides a sense of stability and safety.  It also provides a sense of comfort and calmness.  Something we could all use, especially in these stressful times.
1. Continue simplification efforts across the enterprise. 2. Continue to engage people in acting on Fortify principles in concrete ways. 3. Encourage fewer large-scale, report-out style meetings and encourage more informal, goal-oriented working sessions to innovate and resolve issues. The report-outs are less productive. 4. Improve WorkDay with accurate titles and easy-to-find organizational reporting structures; right now you have to go down each reporting "trail" and piece the org structure together separately.
Coming from an oncology field sales point of view, despite what HR seems to communicate our comp package is not on par w/ other companies in oncology. Specifically several large (J&J for example) pharma companies offer stock incentives to front line sales people. We are losing top talent for this reason.
Continue to provide competitive pay and benefits.  Work to better provide resources to make work less stressful from an amount of work standpoint.  I believe there are departments that are under-staffed
Remove the union.  Union breeds such an attitude of entitlement and negativity and it brings down so many of the GOOD workers who are stuck in the union environment and it brings down the managers who are forced to manage union employees.  It is such an us versus them mentality and I don't know if there is any amount of inclusion at this point that would ever fix it.
Set aspirational targets to be industry leaders.  Define the "what" then empower leaders to figure out the "how".  We are perpetually focused on the "how" at senior levels of the organization and need to provide the "what"  Challenge the status quo and take calculated risks to improve our performance.  We are very risk averse compared to industry peers.
Continue to drive standard work across the organization through new ways of thinking to complement the new ways of working and avoid being a political activist
MSD COMPANY IS VERY WELL and HERE FUTURE IS BRIGHT.
Clear and transparent developmental program for all employees
Increase our salaries, make it easier to get promoted and grow. This will retain talent. We lost so many great people because Merck is not salary competitive especially for people that have been with the company longer.
Keep Supporting the staff
We need to have an open discussion about the home office with our leadership team. I think that many of the employees have adapted well to this modality and it is important to be open to the employee's preferences in this matter.
To continue updating internal work policies, managers need to change their mindset in how to obtain results in a non normal environment but asking the same like we were normal, the WoWs need new ways of thinking and managing people's performance
Stay on target of the science and leave social issues to NGO's. Dragging our company into society issues does not represent our company as a whole. This action only represents a few with similar views and leaves the majority in a very awkward place.
For 130 years, Merck (known as MSD outside of the U.S. and Canada) has been inventing for life, bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world’s most challenging diseases in pursuit of our mission to save and improve lives.
It isn't always easy to find the resources, say Process guidelines for various systems we utilized. You can't put out 3 new systems and expect us to be perfect.  New systems are not easy to navigate, example SIP. Right now I am extremely stressed personally as my family have a High School junior and we feel loss with scholarships, college advice etc. So I know that weighs on my during work day, so anything to help with that would be great. And reassurance from Management that things will be ok as we are all in this together and social media etc are creating fear, and please please keep summer fridays as that helps with keeping me and others sane.
Improve insurance benefits
it has to be an example of walk the walk- not just emails and talk. I know some companies are doing Mental Health Fridays and every Friday at 2pm, employees take the last few hours of day for them and their families- no meetings, avoid emails, etc.  I do however appreciate and am extremely thankful at the level of keeping employees safe and following government and state recommendations to keep folks remote.
This is a great company with great people and products that really help improve health around the world. The one area where I think the company needs to improve is in the very formulaic and outdated way it approaches getting work done. I've seen improvements in this area over the last year, but I still think there is too much of a mentality of focusing on the way things have been done before and following established processes and protocols that can stifle innovation and new ideas. We sometimes let process be the enemy of efficiency and also allow it to limit the ability to try new things and present new ideas.
Developing future workplace environment through experimentation...how much longer are we able to keep up largely virtual environment?, when will we start seeing impacts/misses from current environment?.
Increase flexibility in process/reduce the hurdles to allow us to bring drugs through development faster.
Stay out of politics!!!
As a people manager I’m most concerned of recruiting and retaining top sales team talent due to our compensation vs. other industries and companies within the industry.
The company has an amazing pipeline and excellent assets (in terms of human resources). We should focus on empowring our people, and help them/facilitate them do their jobs as best as possible. we should trust them and hear them so that they can trust the company. I would suggest to simplify the processes (obviously in a compliant manner). we need not record and report every single detail of everything that we do. we should try to decrease the administrative burden and the bureaucracy in order to focus on what really matters, ie getting the right medicines to the right patients.
V59X/MK7110 should not be the new norm of a capital project. I would not consider the last year a success and have witnessed the toll the pressure has taken on individuals.
Continue to strive for transparency and inclusiveness
more factory and onsite training on new equipment
Reduce the numbers of meetings and emails general communications. (too much email information and meetings)
Continue on the path of Research, Experimentation, Flexibility and Diversity and Inclusion.
I am 57 years old, been at Merck for 1 year, and Merck is by far the best company that I have ever worked for in every aspect possible.
reduce bureaucracy and give representatives more budget management opportunities
My view is Merck should remain focused on the mission of improving and saving lives. We are very good at that mission. Sometimes I think we stray off into the political arena. That seems to be the trend these days. People have their own views. And all those views are acceptable as long as they do not infringe on another individuals life, liberty and pursuit of happiness. We all need to be more tolerant and more compassionate.
Be inclusive, Global Mindset and recognize different needs from different targets of employees.  To be able to plan appropriately workforce future needs
Prioritize the work more effectively.    HH doesn't like to prioritize the work to reflect capacity of those doing the work.  This results in a lot of stress/pressure in the system and demands to work outside of normal work hours.
Providing encouragement for employees to be more active rather than passive on a local level (get involved in groups, create new groups - learn to lead).  We all have unique talents outside of work, how can we use that at work?    Then brag about the results so that everyone can see the benefits.  (do more of what the company is doing)
More emphasis on mental health, managing stress and work life balance
Ensuring that employees are paid well above the "livable wage" for the areas in which they work and make sure local rent/mortgage rates are taken into consideration. Millsboro is in a "beach resort" area, so housing prices have skyrocketed and although Merck pays well, it still is barely enough for decent housing for a single person.
Merck is really the best  place I ever worked
Ensure a healthy sustainable pipeline of products
Simplify things from the top down to provide greater clarity/transparence around "where to go for what" so more people can access the tremendous resources and information available across the company as well as cut down on redundant solutions/efforts/costs.
Continue supporting WFH as an option even as people go back to the workplace.  With the COVID variants that may be impacting younger age groups (including school age children), childcare arrangements have been challenging until universal COVID vaccination is available to all family members.
We should improve the communication between the hubs.
Consider how to better balance cost cutting initiatives with the need to retain the appropriate talent to be successful.     The pressure to do more with less (less staff, less knowledge).   Instead of endless firedrills focusing on cutting costs tomorrow, it would be good to establish a 2-3 year target so that we can pro-actively work toward cutting costs.    Also, it should be acknowledged when teams have already met/exceeded cost cuts and not just continue to "peanut butter" spread future cuts and ask the same teams who have been "good citizens" to compensate for other teams who have not done the same due diligence.
Use/develop technology-based solutions to solve problems with an eye toward making someone's job easier and less burdensome. We're constantly making tasks more time-consuming and more complicated without any benefit. Enablon and SAP are two examples of technology that makes work more time-consuming. It may even require developing some of our own applications and systems. It also may require training people to fill roles more dependent on technology that we develop or adopt. Training people to fill in-demand roles in technology is definitely something that we should do.
Compliance often introduces routines or rules that make procedures more complicated, e.g. introduction of email retention policies and the missing possibility to archive email folders (i.e. inbox).  One feel that compliance is more restrictive that facilitating.  Shipping procedures are not possible to be handled and understood the correct and time efficient way for small sites without shipping departments, also due to compliance regulations (GATS).
Improve organizational agility. Improve competitive compensation (salary). Improve career pathway opportunities for managers.
Better career development from within. Honest feedback. Less risk averse culture. Embrace change.
More resources invested in proactively building capabilities necessary to deliver on future products.  Too often we are on critical path trying to build the plane while flying it.  Increases risk which increases stress.
Our department is treated like a spare parts bin.  Our resources (including people) are sent to other areas at random.  Our management is either poor at communicating with each other, or simply refuses to.  All of our jobs would be substantially easier if managers learned to communicate with each other instead of backstabbing.
Continue to share information with employees about our pipeline and what we are doing to impact needed societal changes.
Employees that have been asked to work from home for over a year now should be given some kind of stipend to spend on their home work station to increase ergonomics.  This has been completely ignored and brushed under the rug by Merck management.  Many other companies have done this.
Strengthen our culture of diversity and inclusion globally and be more active and visible with our stakeholders, specially with the community, academia, civil society organizations and NGOs. Since we have many good practices and we make a huge impact on people´s lives in every country. In addition, strengthen our commitment internally and externally with the Sustainable Development Goals.
I appreciate Merck’s increased focus on Diversity and Inclusion. I do think by singling out one race, you exclude other areas of Diversity to include culture, religion, gender, sexual preference, etc. By making statements that Merck will increase African American and Latino diversity, I do hope the company is still hiring and developing the best talent regardless. I think Merck can be more inclusive by increasing overall diversity awareness and focusing on behaviors regardless of diversity.
Increase empowerment and independence of sites to stimulate entrepreneurship and decrease bureaucracy
Put ideas into action.  Make diversity and inclusion part of our culture and not the latest hot topic.  Encourage people managers to invest more in their people and developing talent that can move more freely laterally and upwards if they are an ideal candidate.  We need to be more open minded about the ideal candidates who fit the former mold for different role types.
1. Eliminate non value added & redundant work; 2.either invest in upskilling teams on proper use of technology - if a dashboard doesn't give me the info I need to make/drive business decision then it's not helping the business or provide a business group to help create dashboards,etc.,3. flatten the leadership hierarchy in MMD - there are too many middle managers 4. reinstate the Change Agent group -those folks were eliminated but brought inclusion, change mgt, project mgt, etc 4. make a decision to have some groups remain virtual or a portion virtual so we can now hire the best people form around the world for positions, not just people near or willing to relocate to a site (MMD)
Become competitive with the benefits offered by gene therapy companies that are stealing our best employees and consider improving our hope for the future by investing in the future. Maybe we should buy BlueBird!
Right now it is not safe to speak up if you have a dissenting opinion. I would like to see that change. I would also like to see more opportunities for personal development, growth and advancement, especially for women. Management is still predominately male.
Find an appropriate balance of internal communication about D&I and other priorities in the business. Also, the narrative about diversity seems to be narrowly about race and gender instead of being included along with diversity of thinking, background/experience, age, personality profile, etc.
keep up the good work!
Provide more work from home opportunities for desk based roles, better oversight from HR to ensure managers are not creating toxic and stressful work environments and so employees feel safe speaking up/don't fear retaliation
People's wellbeing, provide employess with onsite GYM's to relieve stress after or before a busy work day.
Hiring more young people throughout the organization, even in more senior roles.
I think Merck should figure out a way to quantify the impact of scientific upskilling of its employees. It is hard to measure, but can have long term impact on efficiency and accuracy of process characterization and process transfer.
Continue to make all feel inclusive. Be as forthcoming  and upfront about possible changes to the various organizations within Merck and MSD. Encourage managers to help colleagues with professional development. Be proactive and not reactive to changes within or outside of Merck and MSD.
Reduce all the extra paperwork, money and and time, justifying programs that impede rather than enhance our overall productivity, and customers perception of Merck.
We need to get faster, faster.  Our competitors for talent are small, lean and effective -- and more intrinsically rewarding to work at.  Merck should continue its WOW campaign to increase collaboration.  It should also remove functional silos by realigning incentives to align with business objectives.  Reduce the Global "support" roles and reconnect with the true needs of the sites.  Here's a litmus test...how long will it take for the results of this survey to be communicated back?  Months!  This is a well meaning survey, but the bureaucracy needed to conduct a relatively simple task is a illustration of the lack of agility Merck has developed.
Need to have compliance views as integral part of creation process of work streams because it is currently driving resources.  This is fine but all parts of organization including business and sales need to know guard raills.
-Ways of Working has been beneficial. However, request for changes or new ways of working is consistently met with "not in our policy and procedure" and the answer is overwhelmingly no. It is only with incessant cry of changes does the item be addressed. We are way too inflexible as a company and consistently behind our competitors and other large companies
Develop a path back to at least partial site residence.  We've come a long way in the last 14 months toward being effective virtually, but building strong, collaborative, and trusting teams need face time to be nurtured.  A face on a screen will never be as good as a face-to-face interaction.
I think Merck and MSD is on a great path.  The people I work with at the Elkhorn site are all Amazing.  Everyone is willing to help each other out.  There are few silos, and when a question can't be answered, everyone will work together from multiple sites trying to find the answer.  I enjoy working for Merck and MSD. I have brought a friend on to work in a different department, and recommended a few other friends to apply for positions.  I plan to remain working and growing with Merck for many years to come.
There has been a lot of pressure to interact with customers during COVID.  I understand the importance of this but during these times when customers do not want to meet and i am working on a team with many other reps it makes it very difficult to get any interactions scheduled.  This is very stressful on top of the stressors we are all experiencing during this pandemic.
when company's official way to communicate matches with the way workload is assigned and controlled and performance indicators are used to evaluate quality of the process and not for resources
Workload balancing between IPT's.
Continue to be flexible in work life balance, and continue to encourage and support mental health initiatives
Improve on the operating model between and within divisions.  We are approaching the way we work from various methods (from traditional to agile) team by team which creates pressures on functional areas that support across teams.
continue to support alternative work arrangements and build on the diversity of our workforce.
I wish that Merck stays ahead of the game and doesn't loose momentum in being bureaucratic!!!
Allow employees to expense home office equipment. Otherwise, I'm very satisfied with the steps already in place!
Increased emphasis on work/life balance
To enable employees flexibility to arrange for working remotely in the future when the pandemic is more contained
People pass the buck and do not do their jobs effectively to give us what we need to succeed
When we begin to resume normal everyday lives post-pandemic, it would be nice to see flexible working arrangements (specifically, "work from home") become more normalized across all functions when an on-site work presence is not truly required.
De-politicize the work environment. Less talk about external politics and strife at work and focus more on the company's core science and products.  Workload is high. There are a lot of projects without enough dedicated people to support them. I don't think all the efforts we've all been assigned are getting the attention needed to be successful.
Be a pioneer in the home office management and provide more powerful computers
Within the chronic care sales force set priorities beyond just KPIs - we have a to of things that come from all directions  - which results in confusion on what is most important.
Stop changing everything and let me learn something really well. It's especially burdensome to change a process that is working, to something more complicated and that takes considerable more time.  TMF out tasking project is a huge fail in my work world. It made a simple process complicated and now I have to 'touch' the document many more times.
Get support from sites before rolling out new initiatives.  I realize each site has different needs but I believe there are too many variations of the same processes.
put more emphasis on personal development as opposed to "business needs"
I think it would be helpful to facilitate more open communication between teams - not on a specific project, but just to get to know each other a bit more. Maybe there could be meetings scheduled where teams can share concerns or frustrations with one another - or an anonymous place where concerns can be shared about other teams.
Consider allowing people to work from home on a regular basis. I feel I have gotten more work done this past year than ever. I still come into work when duties require I be at West Point. I also like how I have used one-less car and the positive impact that has on the environment. The time at home has also allowed me to adopt a more health and active lifestyle. I can work and exercise in a more harmonious way. I also eat better at home.
Merck should do a better job of looking at levels across organizations.  There is a great deal of inequity across organizations within the same division.  This has really come to light with the Organon split off as well.  I don't understand how scope and organizational size can translate so inconsistently.  I have heard more leaders raising this now than ever before.  It really should be addressed to ensure continued motivation.
Allow for summer hours year round which would give employees the options to use this time to schedule appointments and have some flexibility in their week for personal time.
Continue to expand the BD department and fund new investments to ensure the company's future remains viable.
Merck should continue to support remote working which has been embraced by many employees and enables them to balance the current environment with a "back in the office" environment will ensure retention of top talent and allows employees to care for their family and personal needs.
Merck is such a big company, I'd love to learn about some of the other departments and what their roles are in supporting Merck.
be open to maintaining a more flexible working model (eg hybrid wfh/in person)
Continue to focus on health and what Merck does so well.  We have had some unfortunate misses around COVID however that should not deter us to do what is right and bring science forward.
Make sharing sessions for the colleagues to know about the day-to-day activities from other FAs they normally work with. To understand what the others do within the company, increasing cross functional knowledge and empathy.
Better help employees with work life balance.
inclusion of family in different programs.
Continue to innovate in sciences as well as in the ways of working (keeping an open mind about how to change what we are used to do). Focus on the well being (health related) of the people across culture and regions, including low income countries.
Give people who have been coming on site for the past year extra vacation/Friday afternoons off in the summer etc.  Think of it as combat pay.
Too many managers; too many teleconferences that take us off customer calls
I am a women who just married last year. I think it would be good if MSD can provide more channel or tools to help working females balance the life and work. So, we don't need to worry about our family at the same time advancing the career. That would be wonderful.
Merck has stated that they would like to be the top Oncology company yet we seem to still operate the same way as we have in other divisions of Merck.  I would like to see Merck take some calculated risks and help find other beneficial ways to engage with customers outside of their practices.  Our speakers are so restricted on what they can say that many of my customers no longer find value in Merck programs.
Continue with the diversity and inclusion to support business across diferents perspectives to improve our process and continue our focus in the MSD mision and vision.
Ensure equality between people with kids and the ones without kids. Many times I have seen privileges and more flexibility just because there are kids at home.
Continue to help employees feel supported in their need to create work/life balance for themselves and their families -- and thank you for all you're doing to support us currently.
Good question.  I am very comfortable with the latest changes (parenthood, rainbow alliance support, HO support), I would like to ask only a little bit more of flexibility for MSD product access for personal use, as feasible.
Merck has to change how employees are evaluated and better trained managers to provide coaching and feedback.  The culture of the rating is creating silos and people work for themselves to better performed and not for the team objectives, this also creates unnecessary and sometimes unhealthy competition among the employees.  Also managers do a poor job at providing feedback and coaching.  In the last 21 years I can count on one hand the number of managers I had who had done a good job.  Also Merck should not underestimate the psychological impact of the 360 feedback process and a manager that is unqualified to provide feedback.  This can really destroy someone.  Some people take advantage of this process to destroy others.  It is time for a revolution of Merck  culture and evaluation of performance.
Less politics - more medicine.
Continue to support work/life balance.
Continue our ways of working shifts, especially with planning->experimentation.  The more we can improve our process through experimentation the better we can focus on our own goals/purpose.
Give people incentive and acknowledge their worth via equitable salary. Merck seems to be on the lower to middle end when it comes to industry standards for salaries, and salary adjustments should be based on merit and the value you bring to Merck.
I'm not sure how to answer this.  Merck has been very good to me since i joined.  I think that for my team, and our functional area, it is the feeling that we are not valued much and that we are the first place to look to try to make cuts even though we make up a fairly small amount of spend in the grand scheme of things.  It can make us feel embattled a lot of the time, but we have a good group dynamic and persevere. I think the ability of our team to stick together through thick and thin is what keeps us going.
It is good enough
Work to better develop our people.
I think management needs to be more realistic about how much work is within reason (knowing that some times are busier than others) and be willing to make real time, impactful changes when the work load is unrealistic.  People will burnout if the expectation is that we will continually succeed to exceed expectations despite the amount of work we are asked to do.  I can see many people on my team, including myself, starting to wear out.
I think it would be great to offer stock options/grants to lower bands as part of the INSPIRE program, end of year bonus etc.
Consolidate tools and SharePoint sites to one main starting location for easier navigation.  Tools are everywhere and departments have their own SharePoint sites making it impossible to remember where everything is.
I feel the right people are in place and with the right intentions to simplify our working envirnment so its an much more effective way to help us add value to our customers and pateints. We need to really focus on this as I believe we need to transition our mind set quickly from being a large predominantly primary care organisation to a much smaller, much nimbler specialty care company.
1.Invest in existing talent if you want to retain them.   2.Ensure equity across MRL in distributing resources.  We cannot deliver on our mission without the people to do the work in GRACS.  Current state allows for no work/life balance. 3. Do a sweep to ensure compensation is competitive with industry standards.  People are working harder over the last year and putting in long hours and knowing that they are at least compensated for their efforts will help retention.
Enhance coaching culture
We continue to hold people and projects to unrealistic timelines without providing the resources to make them possible or adjusting our processes to make them possible.  Then we add to that requirements to do things faster and more with less every year.  This is demoralizing and exhausting.  If we keep asking people to do this much, with no breaks and no way to succeed they will leave.  We have to give people work they can succeed at and the resources needed to succeed.  We say that we do those things but we don't actually follow through on them.  The message is clear, just toughen up and get through it.
continue listening employees opinion and keep on changing the clture of organization.
Increase the 4% of African Americans in Senior Leadership Roles
more share to remove barrier across workplace and increase motivation with new ways of working during pandemic
Have in mind that many people are afraid of the future. There is still areas off  the business we are integrating. We have to remain inclusive and respectful..
I feel the company is ion a great direction and improves all the time. I do feel we still have too little human resource vs all the needs and levels of bureaucracy and approvals, this adds stress and does not help work/life balance as well as making us sometimes too slow to get things done. Our marketing spend also needs to increase in these new times to help us connect in new and innovative ways with customers now that we are and will travel less from human future perspective and environmental perspective. In this we also need to give better IT resources to all employees for home office working, I see this as an issue in some markets for our staff (we are not consistent in this). Finally a better global appreciation of time zones with meetings would be wonderful!
1. Getting rid of the hierarchical structure and creating a platform that every member of a team is included in the decision making process 2. Listening to the new ideas of the department regardless of the tenure in the company  3. Embracing more young talent in senior positions
1) Listen to employee feedback to improve the working environment. 2) To have more flexibility in the job scope like provide some short term assignment work for knowledge sharing, to enhance other team members engagement and other interest. 3) Take care employee health and benefits. Allow some free time for employee engagement and to relax their mind for stress relief.
Invest resources in how we manage risk and compliance. This is too complex and its affecting the productivity. We also need to work as a Global company rather than focusing on just big markets.
1.the company needs to be more flexible in pricing and work processes. 2.very complex document flow in the design of scientific events.
Simplification of internal procedures. Reduce the frequency of revisions to SOP. Speed up decision making.
Slow down the pace of change
Use agile and SCRUM appropriately where it makes sense. Improve customer service. Improve work-life-balance by not setting unrealistic revenue goals which cannot be reached.
MSD is already a great place to work with.
I´m very grateful for the opportunity to work in Merck & MSD. Thank you!!!!
Perhaps a greater transparency on some of the challenges and opportunities that the industry and company expect to be facing in the next 5-10 years. Greater consistency/continuity of approach with some of our external stakeholders and perhaps a more clearly articulated financial story about the health of the company. Most colleagues are not familiar with P&L, balance sheets etc and greater clarity here would help greater focus around the world
delayer its organization, deleagate authority and decisionmaking. Learn from our inability to deliver a covid vaccine where others were just more bold. we were arrogant ad company. Embrace inclusion and dont let the diversity discussion become a religion on its own. constructive feedback is not seldome framed as non-inclusinve behavior.
Possibly some resource issues at Ballydine site which cause a bit of strain and stress for employees in out day-to-day work, particularly on MK programmes with short timelines. It might help if there were less resource constraints, along with continuous improvement work to improve procedures and practices on an ongoing basis.
simplification of processes, implementation of agile style, build Work Life balance company,
Let employee choose himself how the ideal place to work has to look like.
Improve Beijing DongDan office work environment(Level 7, Office Tower E3, Oriental Plaza,No.1 East Chang An Ave.) Meeting room mix with employee's seat, lead to many noise in daily work
Provide greater freedom to balance work from home with work from office time, often more productive at home
simplify processes. New systems/processes are complex. Support from global groups can be improved so that work at sites runs more efficient.
continue to do great things to able people access to necessary products for treatment
I think MSD already is a great place to work and a lot already is being done to deliver on our mission.
The leadership in AH still hugely lacks diversity and is driven by numbers and results over people. The leadership are also not great at listening to the people, often feeling like they are too busy 'managing up' to pay attention. We as a business are also still very poor at listening to customers. We expect our people to do way too much because resource planning is poor, and we expect our customers to put up with poor customer service. It's quite a toxic mix at the moment which is a huge shame, because we have the power to change so much and do so much good.
help with getting employees vaccinated and back to working on site on a phased basis as soon as possible.
Drive and invest in solving inefficiencies; Take focused decisions on what to do and what not to do instead of doing everything slowly. Further invest/focus on technology solutions to pair up with our products. MSD is already a great place to work: keeping up the good work done by everyone makes it stay that way
Continue to simplify work and focus on doing what matters. This is there as an intention, though still a way to go to do it in practice.
Keep doing what you are doing!!!
Some of my team mates have been exploiting the covid 19 quarantine rules with no repercussions from management leaving the employees that are actually showing up short handed and with out help.  We have lost two members of our team and the positions have yet to be back filled. Currently my team gets zero guidance from our manager.  We do not get information in regards to covid issues with in our team.  Recently we had a team member test positive for covid and I received NO alert from management. I had a team mate call me to tell me about my exposure.  I have been with the company 10 years and foresaw myself retiring from here, but that is unlikely now as I feel like this site does NOT value their employees.  As long as product gets out the door they do NOT care!!
listen to the people .
I am aware of stress/burn-out trending upwards - pandemic, working from home environment may be a significant contributor, but so is the workload - even prior to pandemic, this seems to have ratcheted up in recent years. Is our resource model sustainable?
I would very appreciate to return back to the office in some minimal mode let's say just for 2-3 days a week.
Be more agile and be prepared to any unexpected situations, learn experiences from other industries, educate associates of new competences
Review the tasks that lack governance and ensure there is proper governance in place and also ensure there is documentation in place that requires the continuation of that governance after personnel changes.
Make the day-to-day processes more efficient.  In particular, change control and documentation updates are far too complex and time consuming. This means good changes/updates don't happen and resource is ill spent. It also leads to unnecessary CAPA extensions as the timelines are far too long. Impact assessments for numerous items (change controls, compendia updates etc.) are also incredibly time consuming and audit preparation/regulatory responses are very repetitive (i.e. same questions / requests but from different sources) and are not managed well particularly if team members change in between.
Have a closer workload management and tool development to facilitate work.
The first step is at the leadership level. We need better leaders who talk to their employees and not at them.
Flex with on site work and at home work when possible.
Individual care follow up for people
Merck and MSD is a great place to work (already). We need to continue improving our technical processes and conditions for employees.
Improve people management from managers
Think about alignment and elbow room to do job effectively
Simplify, go with semplification to manage the great complexity of this new world, break the silos
Continue to be a research-driven company that supports all employees and avoids getting drawn into divisive political positions.
Continue to provide timely communication to employees. Post COVID allow employees to balance work/personal by permitting a blended onsite/remote ability to work as we have shown we can continue business in this manner.
Allocate more resources in Policy and Access to enhance the external engagements plan with the new healthcare dynamic in the country and in the region as well.
Our company needs to continue investments in diseases without stand of care.
As I talk with other coworkers, there is a real sense that we do not need to be lectured to from senior leaders about politics, social justice causes, etc.  Senior leaders really need to focus on expanding the pipeline, increase revenue, and ensuring sustainability into the future.  By inserting themselves into politics and then broadcasting this through the organizations it really does the company a great disservice and marginalizes employees who don't agree with them.
Practice true diversity.  Training's and company communications seemed to be designed to vilify the evil white male.  I know this is popular media position.  HOWEVER, like everything there is more to this then "all white men are racist" which is the underlying "unconscious bias" being portrayed in executive, copy wide, communications and recent training's.
Mentor/Job shadow program for New hires, more team involvement to build up team/company atmosphere and well being.
Provide opportunities for employees to growth; Encourage employees for self-development; Recognize employees' value add activities.
More communications about the future - Paying people of the same pathway with the same salary and having the same benefits - psychological support for this period such as giving access to psychology therapies
I think an initiative to study process efficiency at merck sites and implement the corrective actions to eliminate redundant and non value activities which would allow us to do more with less would be beneficial.
Increase opportunities for women in the company.
Analyze our policies and procedures in all areas, understand how much they benefit our business; and how aligned they are with the reality of our business. Very often it looks and feels that our main obstacles are internal, which means that we are not well prepared to compete in the market
Be more decisive and take meaningful steps to realign the company to critical areas of opportunity for the future. We must balance the need to expand margins (an insurance policy on pricing resets in US/globally) & the need to invest in meaningfully differentiated capabilities and portfolio drivers to ensure we can grow in our critical years. I see us making expense cuts across all divisions of the business still using a "margarine approach" (due to tight turnarounds) and this will not enable the best decisions to be made - we must step-back and de-average the way we approach margin expansion and growth.   Finally, beyond making impactful decisions - we should be making these more transparent to our employees... a simple example exists in D&I where we have made clear commitments at the EC level around representation & yet our employees that will really drive this change (middle management  hiring managers) are not even aware of this ambition...
(1) High degree of work related stress is not sustainable for employees.  As new work comes into the pipeline, there needs to be more emphasis placed on resource demand and impact to existing teams.  Headcount considerations should be commensurate with this demand. (2) D&I focus should be at least equally focused on recruitment AND internal efforts related to inclusion. In particular growth and development opportunities for UEG talent to address the disparities of underrepresentation above Band 300/400
Leading in a time where events in the communities and personal lives of our employees permeates the workplace is difficult.  We need to not only give managers the tools to help employees but TEACH them how to use them and lead more effectively in these times.  There are some leaders that have risen to the occasion and many that have not, yet they continue to rise in this organization.
Increase the willingness to experiment and let the business assume a little more risk when it comes to communicating to customers (messaging, digital channels, format, etc.)
I think we are doing pretty well! I feel that the company is already a great place to work
If they want to become the leader in oncology we need to lead. Starting to act like primacy care organization again. If Med Ed is too risky don’t do programs but stop pushing to do programs that deliver no customer value. The eMF and vPDG options are so limited the representative has zero interaction with customers and limited on follow up bc no access to customer questions. Just reading slides does not offer value. There is too much great content available for customers to waste time when they can’t interact with speaker.
Stop trying to do more with less.  We need more worker bees, not management or SLT positions.  More and more work keeps getting dumped on us and nobody can figure out why we have all these safety incidents.  I'm tired of saying this over and over again in every single survey we get.  Nothing changes so why should we bother.  Also, communication is a huge problem at every level.  This only adds to the daily frustration.
Continue to be a welcoming and warm environment while staying true to productivity because it is owed to the people who rely on you - both from a team and societal perspective.  Do not be afraid to "responsibly fail" if it is for the goal of long-term innovation and skill-development. Not all ideas are gold, but if none are attempted, it can be easy to fall behind in a expanding world of data driven pipelines.
Continue to offer benefits that help support people's mental well being, child care support and back up care. These resources are invaluable and enable us to be the best workers we can be.
Allow employees to work remotely who can do their job in that capacity versus making them come to the office to work. It is less stressful and we get more accomplished.  Employees should be given the opportunity to do so.
Merck is too processes heavy - we spend 75% of our daily work on either doing trainings on new systems, trying to figure out new SOPs while trying to move activities through those extremely long and complex SOPs. Too many systems, too many metrics, global, local etc.  The bulk of our energy is focused internally as opposed to externally for your customers, our patients! We are not doing what we are supposed to do which is lead in the world of pharma and healthcare.
Projects often feel under staffed, particularly in terms of people running experiments, which can lead to rushing at critical times.
Remove the silo and slow processes,  Make compliance fluid and adaptable to the business needs deliver what customers want, go back to a better customer centric approach To give greater opportunity to move to new roles and feel equal to apply for these based on experience and skills rather than who you best network with
The HR policy of limited availability of the "top bucket" for performance reviews is very deflating.  I work very hard leading projects to meet and exceed quality and timelines and I've taken on extra projects and assisted others.  To be considered "average joe" and never receive RSU's depletes energy and morale.  It also creates an environment of hesitancy to volunteer when you don't get rewarded for it.
Support the Home Office alternative after the pandemic is over,
We need more capital to update old buildings, systems, and equipment. I think there should be more manager training to develop hands-off management styles, as it has been proven to be the most efficient way to manage.
So far no comment from me. Good job Merck/MSD!
Let the sales reps get back in the territory. My territory is not accepting of remotes and the Red status is causing me stress. I cannot have an impact if I cannot be in the offices.  This has been a miserable experience!
Continue to help patients, focus on the patients, and nothing else...
Encourage cooperation over competition in teams collaboration.
Online meetings are never enough. When COVID-19 is behind us we need to get back to live meetings. I know they are expensive but the two most important things we do each year are FFMs and having District and Region/National meetings as far as return on the investment.
I believe that management is disconnected from the realities that many are currently experiencing within the country. The workplace is quite contentious, and the anxiety that exists in trying to maintain and balance a job, with the demands of fulfilling family obligations, is becoming quite more challenging. The pandemic has had a negative impact on people’s mental health. I also believe the effects on mental health is quite more pervasive than the actual physical effects of COVID-19, and as an organization, we should be just as concerned on addressing these challenges of mental health.  I would like to see upper management, and especially those within the executive level, and including our CEO, make more of an effort to regularly communicate their thoughts and concerns of what they are observing throughout the US based workforce. In other words, a display of empathy and a sensitivity to humanity is just as important as the bottom line.
Embrace an agile and growth mindset, ask to be challenged and really listen. Ensure you are promoting managers that embody company values and who people want to work for (ask their direct reports!). Our diversity efforts are ok, but we need to concentrate on inclusion/inclusive behaviors to ensure we keep the highly talented people that we hire.
Challenge the legacy mindset.  Employees here are not used to/willing to look at things from different perspectives and rely too heavily on "how we do things here" which makes the culture rigid, stifling and very uncomfortable to work in.  People tout the new ways of working, but there is no actual follow through to make sure that it's being implemented.  There is no active addressing of the legacy mindset or actions being taken to remove/mitigate it.  Things here are extremely siloed and "not my job" is a common phrase that is often said, without challenge and helps no one in need of guidance or support.  More conversation is needed in regards to those who would like to remain fully remote after the pandemic and a process for making that happen that is simple and not heavily bureaucratic.
Don’t micromanage
Merck is considered a more conservative company with strict processes and guardrails, which makes it difficult to support in bold communications strategies to break through the pack. Consider analyzing the true risks vs "the way things have always been done" with respect to long, drawn-out formal review processes.
All the heritage we built under Ken Frazier’s leadership, legitimate interest in people and diversity & inclusion needs to be maintained and leveraged. D&I needs to really be bi-directional, as an example: candidates in development from the whole world usually come to lead critical roles in Latin American markets, which is great to accelerate and drive business, but it DOES NOT happen the other way around, and top tier markets refrain from learning from different backgrounds, experiences and realities that could really bring new perspectives and innovative ideas to “already developed” markets.
Continue with your mission and values.
Allow your sales reps to use their brain to decide if it’s “safe” to go visit with customers.  I don’t know of any other company in our industry with such ludicrous rules! If you’re not going to let us go sell, then why the extreme increase in sales quota in the middle of a world wide pandemic?!
Listen to the feedback provided by the employees’ part of service delivery teams that provide services/support to INTERNAL CLIENTS, such as employees, managers and administrative assistants. Currently teams that provide support to internal clients (benefits, exc. support, payroll, OM) are understaff and there is urgent need for more human resources to perform the work. The current state does not allow employees to complete all client's requests within business/work hours. Employees are stretching themselves thin and working overtime without getting paid, in order to fulfill client’s requests on time. Most of employees in this situation will not raise this issue to their managers, since they are concerned about their job security and fear of being retaliate. However, issue has been raised by some employees many times, resulting in no change.
The two things that frustrate me with working at Merck are 1) the unnecessarily conservative interpretation of allowable promotion by the FDA (not saying that we should violate FDA guidance, but we are extremely conservative in our interpretations, which puts us at a permanent competitive disadvantage.... without any improvement to our corporate reputation to balance that); and 2) our refusal to do head to head clinical trials during product development (leaving us at a disadvantage when we can't compare products in promotion, leaving us at a disadvantage when negotiating with Payers, etc).
It already is a great place to work.  Flexibility is key, in my opinion.
I have returned to work for MSD as I feel that's it is a very good company to work for. The team feels like a family and I find most of people really supportive and nice to work with.
I feel like more people to do a job would help a lot with the stress level, it seems like there are never enough people to do some of the jobs around at Merck in some departments.
Stay out of politics PERIOD.
Merck has overall provided many thing we need to become a great company.  I believe because of the COVID environment many things are difficult to be done.  But to perform our duties in sales we need to have better flexibility by compliance.
I think most people working at Merck feel that the company could be more successful if it was willing to take on more risk by allowing individuals to make more consequential decisions.  This means that teams need to be smaller, individuals at all levels become more responsible and accountable for their work.  Most of all, Merck's employees might feel more engaged and empowered if they are allowed to fail sometimes.
Quit micromanaging things and listen to the people who do the work to get the resources we need to do the job not waiting on things everyday
I have been very impressed with my time at Merck.  I feel supported and appreciate my sales groups commitment to advancement and collaboration.   Some of the processes that I feel could be changed include: A revamp for the Merck Access Program.  I feel that HCP's have not had the level of service from this group as in the past and I have been getting that feedback.  Some customers have turned away from using the resources and that is discouraging.  Also, historically the sales team have access to all patient and provider resources, like patient education for the system and end user.  It was moved out of the Hospital teams responsibility and into the IAM group.  I fee that is a disconnect for our team. At other organizations the sales team was empowered with the resources from start to finish and having to bring in another person to discuss resources or billing just disrupts the process. I would also love to see a more formalized leadership training for people leaders.
- Break down barriers for grassroots innovation - Be more aggressive in retaining talent - More rapidly promote and train managers to better develop individuals to reach their full potential - Build an industry-leading compensation structure (not just middle of the road) if you want the best people - Provide more mechanisms for giving feedback on management, local managers and project leads but all the way up through the organization. For example, other than my direct manager, I am never asked to evaluate our department head, other managers in the department, my project lead, which means that there is less accountability than there should be. - Support alternative career paths and support people taking these paths - Build better networks across disciplines in the organization - Establish better mentorship, including cross-functionally and cross-site - Better incentivize and reward risk-taking - Don't punish employees for the 2020 pandemic: the 87 scorecard felt like a slap in the face
Provide us the resources or responses we need to have when executive leadership addresses the media regarding topics of politics and social issues.  The customer facing employees, are asked questions and don’t feel confident or know what the appropriate response should be.
Stop thinking that being the number one oncology company is only about the science and new indications.  Our customers want partners that share their vision of the future and how to get there.  We are a vendor with really good cancer therapies, but we are not considered a partner
Provide resources, reduce bureaucracy,  develop organization models according to country particularities and organization capacity.
The pandemic has caused more people to work remotely. The impact that I have seen is employees' work day has gone from 8 to 10 hours a day to 10 to 12 hours a day. The workforce is tired but the demands continue to increase. At some point we may reach the breaking point.
Provide more resources and headcount to minimize working extended hours that may cause burnout, and doesn't contribute to the emotional and physical health.
Ensure we have adequate resources to fulfill and drive the great potential of our pipeline and products.
Revisit the bands for the Manager Pathway in the Compensation and Career framework.
We are consistently asked to do more with less.  I understand the challenges with the bottom line, but while we cut people/resources, we never prioritize "for real".  We cannot continue to support every program, every product/vaccine, and every initiative to the same level.  But expectations are that we can.  Combine that with the impact of the pandemic and working from home, the exhaustion and burnout are increasing rather than decreasing from last year.  Also, as a conservative, and actually feel more afraid to speak up than I ever have in my career.  Politics has become too big a part of my work life.
Be more proactive with climate change / carbon emission goals, and hold ourselves to them. Re-evaluate single use as a strategy for climate friendly policies. Look at laboratory operations to see where we can improve with sustainability.   Actively execute on inclusion behaviors that are commonplace elsewhere (strongly encourage employees to use gender pronouns in email / WebEx communications).   Make work-from-home an option moving forward after the pandemic. This would greatly ease tension around the "return to work" date.
aduquately resource our department (engineering) to be able to carry out our jobs
Improve training for new employees and employees who transition into new departments - more hands-on training Improve management of change and consider all points of impact prior to roll-out (e.g. implementation of new systems)
Be sure to communicate respect for all points of view and encourage unity in the US, without taking sides.  Champion and model responsible and respectful communication.
get mandatory day without any meetings, encourage focus time  reduce administration and simplify internal processes
Merck has handled our safety and well being extremely well throughout this pandemic. I am very grateful for that and above all that showed empathy and support for employees. The entire way we connect now has changed and I want to see flexibility with work life balance with home/office/travel and be able to make the right choices as a leader to be the best at my job and be supported in those choices. We’ve learned a lot about efficiencies and engagement and I don’t want to take two steps back and revert to our old ways. I want to see continued hybrid models evolve because there is no rationale that makes sense to return to the way we used to do business pre-pandemic.
There needs to be more incremental levels within the Band levels. In the current compensation and Career Framework, some scientists stay within a band level without upward movement for far too long. People need a sense of movement at least every 3 years, when that doesn't happen they seem to move on to another position (and we lose their expertise) or another company (and we also lose key people). One way to help with the sense of moving to the next level would be to make incremental promotions(or steps) within a band level.
stop bureaucratizing listen more to the base of the pyramid stop topdown action
We need to diversify from just having a growing oncology portfolio following the Organon spin. Our recent vaccine failures is further highlighting this need. In addition we are not simplifying our processes in any meaningful way. We spend way too much time on forecasting.
Have a better place and time to give training to employee who to learn more
Continue to strive toward a culture of inclusion.   Continue to encourage an open mindset toward change.   Better IT solutions to reduce administrative work and tracking
Be more agile; take faster decision;  simplify path to a decision and accountability for execution ; simplify/ reduce  number of organizational structures  to achieve higher accountability to outcomes
Be more outwardly focused (what's best for our customers) vs. inwardly focused on our policies, procedures which often make it very hard for us to best serve our customers.
Stay out of politics, and stick to our core business of delivering high-quality, first-to-market, and best-in-class vaccines.
Less political Faster respond to the market Listen more from external rather than always believe in we are the best.
Continue with regular communication and ensure feedback is acted on.
accept working from home not only by way of exception
Provide employees opportunities for growth supported by development plan.
better and clearer communication between areas is needed.
more flexibility in field work, interaction with customers, the way we get involved in medical environment
In Chronic Care sales organization, need to expand visibility of senior management and have more frequent touchpoints.  As a Company, continue to focus on Diversity & Inclusion initiatives and positive sponsorship of EBRGs.
Invest and focus of People development and lay out a clear growth path for future. Also encourage people for role rotation which helps us build internal talent capability.
To be more systematic on the process & control in place.
simplify process, reduce paperwork
on the mental issues there is nothing more that can be done, reassurance around our jobs would be great.
Hiring talented employees - all levels of band width - for group / team work ethics
Reduce the restrictions on hiring MSD temporary & permanent roles where the need is justified. Over reliance on long service NMP roles for business critical functions. It is costing more and we are losing the opportunity to attract better talent
Ensure there is diversity in all areas including educational background. Ensure that post-Covid, we remain supportive of flexible work arrangements
Provide resources for employees to help them speak up to their managers without the fear of  backlash or risk of losing their jobs. Perhaps, managers should go through a course to help build team inclusion and sensitivity training.
Deliver better science to patients more quickly. 1. Expand the scope of biologics/vaccine science to bring products to market more quickly. 2. Improve the speed of the process for commercialization readiness by integrating the IPI / PLM more fully in the DCT.
Reduce the daily/weekly meetings schedule to the new "pandemic - work - from - home - environment" and be mindful of peoples mental health. Suggestion: Introduce a meeting free workday in order to catch up on "actual work".
Simplify internal processes. Speed up digital transformation. Innovate.
There is an urgent need to simplify work processes to operate more efficiently and effectively to drive results. Metrics should be reevaluated if they still bring value, good to have or critical to driving an outcome we want to achieve. Compliance should be there to govern the processes but should not be a factor that is feared or perceived as policing to the extend that the operational work becomes rigid and not flexible.
Less politics, quit making easy changes so difficult.  Many reps have said Merck's biggest competitor is ourselves. We need more people behind the scenes to make processes run more smoothly.  ie: customer service, PRICING, MARKETING, operations, IT etc.  We continue to add to the salesforce, but it's not supported on the back end.
I think that the culture of high effective teams is positive when the people really have all ressources to do the Job well. I feel that sometimes, the senior leadership mistakenly think that overburden teams are "effective" teams and this promote a culture of lot of work ​and stress as synonimous of god job delivered.
I believe that we need more clarity of our job system, managers usually don't say much when we have new job postings, the benefits you give us are not explained as good as it should be, Salaries are pretty low vs other companies payment and the stress level is really high. They expect us to have more and more work but you don't motivate enough the employee. We should be able to change our job position within 6 months and have more opportunities, my co- workers are always complaining of work loads and how is hard to grow and make a change here. Is not a bad company but is missing really good people because all we here is: lower costs, lower costs, quality needs costs, you need to pay better your employees with the level of stress we manage, I think sending us things is ok but some of us don't need that type of motivation to do our job, we want good pay rate and opportunity to grow.
A culture of reporting "Near Gains" (analogous to Safety's "Near Miss").  Remember, that in the safety culture,  reporting Near Misses is a predictor of lost time events.  Similarly, a culture of reporting "Near Gains" is going to be a predictor of missed improvements.  Examples =  - "If we had a 2nd incubator in the QC lab, we could process production samples at twice the rate and reduce weekend / overtime costs". - "The site cannot consistently meet product demand due to reduced thru put in packaging.  We are running pack lines slower than designed due to head count issues."
Some scientific practices and processes require modernising and streamlining, including software and databases, processes for approval. Also sticking to meetings within core hours is not adhered to, making the workplace less inclusive for e.g. parents with childcare responsibilities in the morning / evening. There is also a lot of bureaucracy for scientists which takes up often up to 50% of our time preventing us from doing our work faster / more effectively. Shipments (ordering and sending) often take up a lot of time too and delay experiments.
Innovation is prized at the LT level but middle management can sometimes prevent these ideas from coming to fruition. This can make for a frustrating and somewhat stagnant environment in which people are encouraged to spend time developing innovative ideas to improve efficiency, but then are later told that it will be too costly or time-consuming to try to implement the strategy. Additionally, innovative ideas are not as much supported for departments that serve a more indirect role in supporting the pipeline, even though these ideas could help improve workflows in a capacity that effects all of our therapeutic areas.
If we want to be the leading Oncology company we have got to be more agile and look to companies that have been doing it well for years and take some notes.
simplify processes, policies and compliance in non-manufacturing processes. We are very good in overdesigning policies in order to be complete, but this is not creating an innovative and pro active culture.
More opportunities for advancement and additional benefits for child support.
Please continue to keep us informed and support our physical and mental health.  The town halls with Julie Gerberding have been an especially important highlight in my last year and made a significant, positive impact on me both personally and professionally.
Continue to enable access to quality technology so we can efficiently do our jobs.  Also, continue programs to recognize good work and ensure a consistent approach to recognition with various managers at Merck.
Keep us informed of changes
I appreciate that Ken was a public, visible CEO...meaning he participated in policy discussions and was an outspoken advocate of injustices.  He is/was a CEO that I am/was proud be to represented by.  I hope Rob can continue in that manner.  I appreciate the way that Ken took the role of the CEO to another level.  It became a good platform.  It is pretty awesome that a young generation recognizes and appreciates our CEO for more than healthcare.  My children are learning about Merck in college classes!
I think as a company we have to continue to remove barriers and work for a common purpose cross divisionally. There have been too many barriers/silos in the past and with new EC leaders, I hope we will make a new beginning and all work for One Merck. The GHH/MRL/MMD silos should be consigned to the past.
Need to revisit all the restrictions and limitations that are being placed on how OSRs are able to interact with our customers (ex. FFMs per HCP per year, exhibit/conference participation, MMF new restrictions, and RAT limiting us getting out there).
MSD is a great company
Work life balance.
I think keep flexibility and value work life balance. I believe that a happy employee gives more than a 1000% of what he/she does if they are happy and balanced.
Stop creating and rolling out new work standards/requirements without determining how they impact the personnel required to follow them.
Offer the option to work from home where applicable and practical, after COVID is over.
Ensure to value the historical performance of the employees and promote the employees that have completed more than 5 years in the same role with a performance above the expectations.
Ensure that all the new people that have been hired are aware of all the great initiatives that MSD promote.
Continue to work to eliminate silos between IT , decision makers for Global Support Functions, R&D, and market level business communities.  Business Partners in GSF and the markets need to understand that IT corporate policies apply to them and their systems as much as IT is driven by corporate business policies. We need to operate as one company driven  by corporate policies and practices.
Merck should focus on being less risk averse and giving countries the flexibility to manage their work (including processes, funding,...) and ultimately to deliver on our mission.
ruthless prioritization of activities, including a balance of both the immediate urgencies and long term strategically important projects
Diversity is extremely important but it appears that we often seek diversity without any consideration for how well an individual fits into a particular role -- or perhaps they way that roles are constructed/composed. If we don't account for the complexity of our roles and the relationship that they play within a diverse workforce (i.e. determining an optimal fit), we run the risk of having diversity without the ability to remain agile and competitive. There is a fine balance.
Greater connectivity between MRL and MMD
Happy Hour or activities that the team can use to feel supported during working from home. I know a lot of consulting firms that let teams have a $30 per person limit every week to do cheese tasting or wine or activity so the team feels connected.
Be willing to do things differently and take the necessary risks to be the leading oncology company- not just talk about it
In the current pandemic inducing lots of social and emotional stress, Merck/MSD leadership needs to keep building awareness on the workload consistantly increasing.
Focus on mission of bringing medicine and therapies to patients more than on current Mainstream Media Headlines
Prioritize goals for cultural change, create long-term strategies to deliver on these goals and broadly communicate milestone achievements toward those objectives.
Simplify processes and increase digitalization
Company needs to be more agile & do more to survive in this competitive Indian market. I am really worried about future in MSD India, whether this company will remain in 2 years from now. Already there are rumours in market that the Company may wind up Indian operations. We need more new products to be introduced & at a price that is competitive in this market. Unless we achieve a strong topline growth there is no future.
Continue to include employees views and seek feedback in the decision making processes that directly effect working processes and conditions.
Simplify processes and reduce workload, or hire more people. Employees are stretched too thin.
Continue to streamline the work so that overall, we can accomplish more with our resources.  Look at additional ways to reward employees given limited promotion opportunities.  This past year, we have lost quite a few employees to other companies.  Recruiters are aggressive; we can't afford to lose our experienced productive employees.  Find ways of engaging employees to do their part to make the work a better place: if we can value diversity and work together so constructively, how can we help our politicians to do the same?  Thanks for your consideration.
Simplfy process to improve efficiency, make things simple but fast. Digitalization is a good approach, if we can get the data with clear analysis result, that will help us make decisions and take actions faster. Digitalization also can contribute to environment sustainability because we will become paperless working environment.
Management is too detached from ground, they should come out from their ivory tower before enforcing any changes.
We must continue to have open conversations about diversity and inclusion. I would also like to see the company take action in the areas that we score low, so that it doesn't continue to show up every iteration.
support agility in the way we work. there are a lot of protocols to follow. things are moving slowly and every process of bringing new software or equipment requires a lot of time. we need more local support with authority to approve new tools in order to be aligned with the leading companies.
Maintain work flexibility and add resources
Ensure that message of inclusions are running throughout all levels of the organisation. It is received well with the Leadership but can get lost at mid-level managers.
Be more cognizant of CRA workloads.  We are given entirely too many administrative tasks; a large share of which feel like busy-work.  This takes away time from being able to actually be a MONITOR.  Management also needs to realize that SIP is an awful system.  Most everyone hates it and do not see it as being helpful in any way.  Merck seems to be the only Sponsor actually using it.
The managers need to help employees to find work and life balance, and provide opportunities for career growth.
Ensure we are continually improving our managerial leadership to align with the needs of a millennial workforce.  I sometimes fear we are perhaps still a bit antiquated in some ways, and we need to avoid this where practical.
Valuing work life balance at all levels of the company.
- The Chinese market is one of our company’s four major strategies, and the company’s animal health should also be the same. When developing new animal health products, it is necessary to take into account the requirements of Chinese laws and regulations for new products. - Stay flexible in compliance - Maintain R&D investment to ensure continuous provision of innovative products
Increase the conversation and interaction between different departments would make our colleagues to become a better team.
It will be much better if we improve more in taking care of the mental of the workers by being more supportive with peoples needs  in this time of pandemic such as basic health protection like alcohol etc
Joined recently, Don't see proper feed back and appraisal mechanism to motivate employee.
It’s a really great place to work and in near future time bound promotions activity should be done
provide many oppertunities for advancement in career and good income
come New Resources for growing  and  the organization
Continue to listen to employee's feedback, show transparency and innovate.
work life balance
I really think company is already a great place to work and the path company is following will do it even better.
mix the perspectives of new staff and experienced staff to challenge thought, see new ways of working MORE. We have a huge number of resources available to us from MRL learning, to modules from diversity and inclusion to mental health, to training in Microsoft 365- however people need time to use them. The pace and workload rarely allows time to physically and mentally devote to these activities and without that, the best intentions may not deliver as we hope. this is a window of opportunity and I hope we can grab it with both hands.
Significantly lower bureaucracy.  Improve IT support structure. Improve effectiveness on (IT) project prioritization.
To continue searching of the best molecules for lives improvement.
cross functional and better communication
Ensuring that people managers are good leaders/ coaches empowering people to make decisions while being supported by their managers
My current organization is in complete disarray. Most of the leaders left the company last year and it feels like the organization vanished.
Decisions need to be made by people that understand the problem and the risk. Currently at Brinny too many unqualified people are at a decision making level and do not know their function or role deeply enough to make the correct and more importantly the most efficient decision. Usually the most conservative approach is taken for the simplest of issues based on the individuals opinion as it is clear they either do not have the knowledge or experience to make a risk based approach decision.
Continue to support MSD employees through the provision of supports during the pandemic.  This support is appreciated.  Ensure that sufficient resources are in place to ensure teams function optimally.
The stress and workload that my role is placed under is really causing my health (both mental & physical) to decline. I think Merck needs to be aware that many employees feel the same and are burned out. This is not sustainable and Merck need to address this as they will start losing good people.
Currently they are doing a great job. Alignment from senior leadership and also dedicated resources on projects and tasks may make getting things complete slightly easier.
There is stilll a lot of red tape in our processes although i understand some of that is externally implememted
- Continue with the flexible work arrangement - Increase limit or more options on flexible medical benefits
Work on people’s development from all aspects: Receiving  trainings by strong trainers. Being part of continuous workshops and projects. Having a mentor. Being assessed on development on quarterly basis.
Maintain freedom of where employees work Invest in innovative tools and ideas even outside of product innovations
To hear the employees
great place to work has a lot to do with diversity and inclusion. I suppose that we collect data how do we do and compare to benchmark in the pharmaceutical industry. then tell what we want to achive by doing what and when do we see how we did.
Listen to the ground floor. If only asked, all operators could give a multitude of tiny issues that seem never to be resolved which would make life easier, RFT better and production numbers increased
As an automation engineer - one thing that could be addressed is a 'Roadmap' of sorts defining the options of both technical or managerial progression, and building a framework and structure to support development depending on the path chosen.
More communication about the selected path forward, the decisions made and why certain choices are made.
to allow home working to be a fluid option for office based staff instead of a formal agreement
Challenge if the amount of employees is sufficient. MSD is growing fast and developing many new products leading to more production and output. High work load, and nearly no growth in employees for support functions like QA &  QC.
To simplify processes/ find new way to operate
Launch new product in CVM division and creat other products like januvia
improve crossfunctional work, and crossfunctional  improvement projects, we still see things in  silos and not E2E processes
- Keep investing in innovative digital ways of working within SCM - More integration between AH and HH to have highest flexibility in manufacuring capabilities - Keep focus on work life balance
Should improve diversity at the management levels especially for Black Africans and other ethnic minority groups. Such Managers can serve as role models, whom people can easily approach beside their managers to seek  ideas to develop for the overall benefit of the company.
- Be more vocal about our efforts to mitigate the impact of climate change - set a bold example within the industry in terms of our packaging, supply chain and environmental impact as well as being more mindful about employee travel post pandemic - Develop a culture that is more authentic and less about putting on a corporate show - invest more actively in employee development - ensure each employee feels valued and invested in and a part of something bigger
Make bolder decisions when it comes to mapping talent, as a company we are too PC in this space.  Be better at challenging the status quo, we aren't too good at following through with action when it comes to this.  Wes still operate in a very traditional way.
Need to keep investing in IT (hardware and software).  We are constantly being asked to work smarter and more efficiently but our IT can't keep up.  It has improved over the last 1.5years oddly maybe due to Covid but when I can think faster than my laptop can perform (and I am not a phD) that's seems crazy.   Also, overall culture has improved in my area however there seems to be an over emphasis now on pushing the decision down to the "appropriate level" however strong leadership may be suffering.  There seems to be uncertainty and  confusion at certain levels.  It would be good to have strong leadership AND decisions at the appropriate level.
The distribution of good project resource, the criteria of promotion and title given standards could be more clear.
Continue to work on diversity and inclusion.  Post pandemic embrace the new ways of working to allow staff to work from home if they desire.  Organizations have shown that they can successfully deliver objectives while WFH.
Take seriously the approaches from 'Ways of Working', I mostly see these being used in presentations/priorities, etc. but no real actions across the companies. If we could really break the silos and work as a global team, not hiding information just because of job security concerns.
Be flexible with return to work.  Benchmark against competition, should allow for flexible work environment
Continue encouraging the workforce to better themselves.
Since we are going towards more Product ownership model where the teams have more defined deliverables, we need to make sure that we are selecting/enabling people that aware of the product and the needs of the customers. Also, enabling automation where possible would help us a lot. Not only saving money but also we can utilize the time we save thanks to automation to some other topics.
Allow employees who currently work from home due to the pandemic to continue to do so indefinitely.  It has offered better work-life balance for many while allowing for maintained/ increased productivity.
not make politics a priority.  engage the local governments as necessary - only as it pertains to healthcare & medicine, but not personal issues/beliefs of the CEO.
create IT analytical department, standardize business analysis and architecture frameworks, evaluate and prove the stuff like new solution and projects instead of "favor agreement" approach
Better communication channels.  Hard to get announcements/updates, and to see who gets what information....a communications strategy for employees would be appreciated by many across the organization.
need to continue to hire good people to support the work we're doing.
I generally think that MSD is doing the right things to be a great place to work and deliver.
Treat the union employees as a vital part of what makes this company work.  Especially treat the union admins better by acknowledging their work and dedication to this place.  You have a female union leader who represents a 94% minority union who is ignored, talked down to and/or treated as a nothing (and yes it was reported - so what... nothing changed.)  You have vital people handling things that are important to this company who are union represented and they are not acknowledged as being important to the success of this company.  We have come in everyday during this pandemic and we get a sign that we are "awesome" while being told we don't warrant a bonus like those who are at home all the time.  And if we get sick with COVID - 10 paid days whether we are well or not and "get back in here" vs the salaried who can stay out. I'm tired of management telling me COVID isn't that bad when I've lost friends and others to it. I feel unwanted yet I keep working to make sure we succeed!
Provide opportunities to expand development goals for working outside the department.  Training to managers on building best team with strong capability personnel. Managers also need to acknowledge the talent within the employees they lead and not assume they are just doing their job when it is outside of the scope of the role.
just be honest about how the Company is progressing through the pandemic.  Too many mixed practices across the plant-site with regards to payroll, return to work and travel.
Continue to support work arrangements that work for each person.  Think outside the box when making hiring decisions... are all "requirements" really requirements?
1. Improve collaboration between MMD and MRL. 2. Place qualified leaders in roles who are experienced in the job function and can lead. 3. To often there are leadership changes that cause disruption to groups and organizations which tends to disrupt innovation.
Make employees happy, appraisal system is poor, no permotion system conveyed by hr to all employees, how employees get permotion . Kindly pay attention on appraisals and permotion
make pay competitive with the marketplace; enable enterprise-wide systems that unify data and "speak" to each other
Make sure to really apply the new inclusivity concepts to understand all styles of leadership and ensure diverse teams.
Allow the field personnel to be more involved with creation of resources.
Keep providing updates and where the company is growing
Streamline organization reporting structure so ideas can flow easily from bottom up and speed up the decision making process. Incorporate Diversity at all levels especially at P5 or R5 and above.
so much change this year, Ken and Mike leaving. New CEO, new role for Caroline, new role for Frank, Riad leaving.  We need a town hall to define the future and settle the nerves of the company. Budget cuts, downsizing and the new leadership has created a swirl of uncertainty.
I think we are OVER emphasizing the diversity/inclusion focus because of political reasons.  When you added it to my performance evaluation, you've now over reached in my opinion.  Inclusion and diversity-It is important, and valued from me.  Settle down a bit-it feels like you are shoving it down my throat.
Focus on the employee happiness, stress and work-life balance.  The pandemic changed the way we work and we need to find ways to help the people.  We no longer have as much personal/professional interaction or  chances to develop relationships with business, upper management, coworkers, etc.  Global teams are working crazy hours both early and late in order to be able to find time to meet and work together.  We need to think about what we need to do for our people.
From my perspective, Merck is doing a good job managing diversity issues.   I have a challenge with being overburdened with too much work.
Merck should continue to support employees during this time of uncertainty. Messages related to job security or realignment should be transparent and forthcoming. Merck should also continue in its endeavor to become a more diverse and inclusive organization. However, I believe that the company should set goals that are tangible and quantifiable so that employees can understand the end goal.
I believe as we evolve to fortify our future, which is awesome, we need to accelerate the culture change, as I believe we could move faster if some legacy folks were more accepting of new hires that come from the outside with very industry 'fresh' skills. And more willing to strengthen and expand capabilities. We ALL need to expand capabilities on a consistent basis, not only to remain relevant in our industry, but to meet the needs and expectations of our customers.
Offer remote working opportunities to those interested after we are expected to return to the office -- at all job levels of the company.
Appreciate all the workers that have brought Merck through this past year. This company is making Billions of dollars so to show the employees that have had to physically come to work everyday would be appreciated. Also to now nickel and dime low end departments. When you need supplies, personnel, equipment make it available without making them feel like there is no $$ to do it with.
Merck is a great place to work, THANKS!
Stop managing with the over arching principal that we don’t know what we are doing.  We are sales professionals and if we think it’s safe to leave our house then let us make that decision we do NOT need a RAT tool to tell us what is going on in our geographies. The message you send is not concern for our safety, it’s concern about getting sued. Worse yet, we are treated as if we are always trying to “get away”with something. Why are our policies going backward? You claim “new Ways of Working” but now we have to go back to attaching receipts to ALL our expenses?
Bring back gifs in MS teams
Remove the RAT tool and allow us to be in front of customers that have opened their access
Maybe offer corona virus testing on site.
People won't make decisions / afraid to make a decision, which leads to delay after delay.
Help enable employees to map out a long term career plan
I think the channels to speak up about racism and other types of discrimination must be strengthen, most of the time we simply keep our comments to ourselves and accept many forms of discrimination just because they are part of others' "culture". I also think some areas should work harder on making their collaborators feel valued and that will allow to retain the talent that might otherwise go after a different offer (even if only related to higher payment).
Continue to treat all people with respect and equal pay for both men and women.
re-imagine the funding model to allow business owners more leeway for spending towards IT related work.
Clearer vision for the future (especially state of Vaccine portfolio) How best to manage change when key leaders of the organization has left How will Merck/MSD help employees feel supported upon the return to work? Continue to compensate especially Merck/MSD employees who have been with the organization for a long time Ways to decrease retention risk
There is a real opportunity to think of ways to move to a modality-agnostic mindset. This is critical from both a personal as well as a company perspective. There is so much to be shared and understood across SM, Biologics, vaccines and also cell and gene therapy and newer platforms - so highlighting the advantages that come from enterprise-level thinking and encouraging everyone in the organization, at all levels, to adopt this mindset is critical.
Merck has been incredible during the pandemic in supporting employees, and especially the leaders in my direct line.  Continue to invest in our future and as we have leadership changes, ensure they continue to be role models for us.
It is often hard for managers to put into action the values of Merck especially with respect to work life balance and getting the work done.  More support on how best to help managers and employees prioritize work and have conversations on this topic and making tradeoff decisions
Allow employees to catch their breath post-spin.  Reiterate how we need to be different in the work we do and the processes we have in place to manage with a smaller organization going forward, whether that's through simplification of processes or technological advancements that move the company forward in a more efficient way.  Continue to emphasize the reason to believe Merck has a great future.
Align incentives to what is critical to the companies success.  Establish more systematic methods of developing employees and advancing careers
I feel the level of flexibility that Merck and MSD allows currently is amazing for working parents.
Choose the best people for open positions regardless of race, gender, sexual identity.  Be careful how you reference this:  It is more harmful for women and minorities for you to state you will choose for diversity rather than choose the best and help those diverse groups meet that expectation. Women and Minorities do not need your help by lowering a standard- they need to be allowed the opportunity to compete fairly.  Don't forget about age in diversity inclusion- I have yet to hear one word from Merck about not discriminating related to age but hear much about bringing in young new talent.  Also,  Merck stressed to us to be careful with our words/actions to not put Merck in a negative light which could land in the press, yet we have had a CEO who routinely uses the Merck platform to push political agendas outside of our business interest.   Customers commented they don't appreciate this.   We have many conservative employees/customers. It can hurt customer relations with Merck.
We need more FTE in our group - we're running a skeleton crew with regular 10-12 hour days!
Ensure that there are enough people to handle the tasks and distribute those accordingly
The company is doing a great job to crate an environment that we can work, share ideas and deliver our objectives.  Due the nature of our business which is highly regulated, it is difficult to make changes and modify certain processes.  I hope the management can encourage more flexibilities in the work place in some areas.   The company should also demonstrate more diversity inclusion behavior not just on paper.   In my organization, the leadership team contains mostly one race and only one minority team member.
More focus on customer and external environment. We are very internally centered.
Continue to solidity Merck's foothold in the industry as the leading Sponsor and partner of choice.  Truly listen to our stakeholders and understand what this means and looks like to achieve this place now and 5-10 years from now.  This means taking a strong hard look at our current position, talking to our stakeholders (even those truly in the "front line" ) to realize what is and isn't working) and be seriously ready to take action.  Todays times calls for tomorrows creative measures and the futures currently unknown.  Therefore, playing catch-up with processes, systems, data mining, tools, etc. has to be realized - we must take 5 jumps or hurdles versus baby steps to become proactive  versus reactive in todays changing world.
Continue to have all of the assistance programs available.
re-evaluate the current job offer and benefits compare with others
While many silos are being taken down, new ones seem to be created.  I think this is something that needs to be monitored so we can all work united.
Encourage healthy work habits that promote a health work/life balance
Ensure that global changes involved folks within the sites who have actually performed the work so that changes and systems work in such a manner to not create additional work and aid the work being performed.
Work to eliminate the "red tape" steps that add time to our work in the labs.  There is still a lack of transparency and poor communication with lab operations at times, which adds time to delivering on objectives.  I would also recommend an enterprise wide freezer inventory management system for biological material.  This has been an issue at Merck for years, and it would be to the company's benefit to offer scientists one platform instead of each group searching for a solution independently. Lack of promotions and lack of how to get promoted continues to be a source of tension.  I would still like to see Merck move more towards a model of performance based pay increases in addition to yearly cost of living pay increases.  I think we all know promotions are not possible for all employees every year.  However, I believe retention and employee satisfaction would increase if we knew there was a possibility for a "raise" based on our job performance.
Major changes to the Information Technology support for employees, generally and in conjunction, for example, with external Apps needed to perform business critical functions.  The Software Center lack of managing version changes to supported software creates a nightmare of resubmissions for approval and access.  In addition, it would be nice to have some Merck resources in IT, not just consultants.  It leads to more buy-in and better protection of intellectual property and assets. Also, we need way more Administrative support, since you're paying employees a ton of money to perform very simple tasks that take time, such as requesting a PO, etc. In addition, I would generally like to be able to call my HR representative, not do everything electronically.  So much less efficient for the employee. We have put too much responsibility on the employee to do practically everything, by making it easier for the departments who should be supporting them (IT, HR, Procurement, etc.).
Merck does a great job taking care of employees. My regional manager does an excellent job making sure we are ready in the field and gets me information or help needed in a timely manner if needed.
Merck and MSD needs to stop getting involved in politics and similar issues that are popular in today's society, and focus on researching, developing, manufacturing, and distributing our human and animal health products. We have been and continue to be a diverse and inclusive organization, so there is absolutely no need to keep highlighting gaps and developing "fixes" for so-called issues in these areas. It is a waste of resources and unnecessary diversion from our core business.
Having more mentorships with employee career trajectory. If someone wants to learn a skill, an employee should be able to have that mentorship and support from leadership to learn it.  We should name all of our conference rooms maybe after our famous products/vaccines, pop culture references, and/or notable inventors!  Free breakfast would be a plus. Removing the employee gym membership price, make it free for all employee/contractors!
Care about patients and employees first.   Don't play into current politics
Continue to prioritize investments in new drug discovery
Refresh or reconfirm the Company strategy under this new CEO.  Continue to focus on Scientific Innovation, enrich the pipeline and institute and End to End mindset and an efficient operating model.  Focus on true patient need, deliver to this.  Communicate with employees.  Create a workplace where people want to come to work and thrive
Continue investing in IT to help streamline are processes.
change culture to better support work-life balance
Continue to train managers on unconscious bias and create opportunities for people to connect and learn from each other
improve and unify systems/ tools for each role. I feel we have many different systems to gather information and it makes it difficult to collect the data and status , it would be important and efficient to a one side / system / tool to facilitate analysis and extract conclusions in order to prioritize accordingly
Provide Paid Sabbatical leave for those employees with 5 years. Former employer (Genentech) offers this and is very productive Increase stock options for Band 500 600 - As Sr Director at my former employer (BMS) my stock options were 4x what Merck offers.
MSD should be a company where decisions are taken faster and changes implemented on an easier way
The opportunity for a flexible work environment post pandemic eliminating lengthy commutation time and stress.
Clear strategy that is supported and resourced, prioritized innovation and experimentation, embraced WOW
abandon inefficient processes, replace with streamlined ones
Do my best everyday
Find ways to show employee appreciation as often as possible. Small tokens go a long way.
Maintain the ability to work from home where feasible post Covid-19 pandemic.
More focus on employee well being and added flexibility (ex. during the pandemic, there are several companies that allow employees to work abroad for extended periods); more flexibility on vacation management; investment in company's HR and talent retention (more time dedicated to carrier development; invest in appropriate people management training for people managers).
Continue innovation to be competitive and connected to customers. Update the target bonus - it’s long overdue.
I haven’t had a raise in 10 years as a Rep. I have worked atMerck for 24 years. This is sad.
Continue what we are doing.  Also, I would still like the option to continue to WFH, even after the Pandemic is over. We found we can do this very well, given the great resources Merck has to offer.
Continue doing what they are doing. Limited disruptions to the ease in which we do things. Continued flexibility is appreciated. Keep an eye on the social, political climate to ensure our promotions, launches, programs are applicable at that time.
Stay competitive with compensation and salary packages, continue to deliver innovative therapies that are changes the outcomes of cancer, and will differentiate us from the competition.
Ensure the limited resources we hire are going to the most critical positions first.
Take action based on feedback received from subsidiary to support efficient work and balance within the full agenda people keeps today.
We do an OK job, but we need to be great at having a greater focus on our internal talent.  We need to unlock the potential in ALL employees and allow them to contribute to their fullest.  We need to consider the talent we have internally for more than their current responsibilities, and make investments to grow them.
I would like to have a better process for increasing headcount. Right now my department has too much work and not enough people. I don't even need them to be permanent headcounts just an easier way to get resources in to support influx of work.
Really really need to work on breaking down silos it's way to cumbersome and while allows the company to assert a minimal risk posture it hinders us from looking at best practices.  This in turn hinders our ability to challenge the status quo.  I've been here a short time but when our team talks about this the same comment is always stated "Welcome to Merck..."
Actually listen to feedback instead of letting it get lost in the nether. I personally see no reason to ask for feedback if it won't be used to actually make changes within the company.
Improve work/life balance
This workplace is great, although the hands-on training process could be sped up slightly.
Be more proactive vs reactive
1.) The messaging at the top seems clear as far as our corporate strategy is concerned, but somewhere between the top and the bottom it feels like things are getting lost.  2.) Sometimes, I think we are overly conservative in areas that don't add value. For us to succeed long term I think we pragmatic and compliant solutions.
Continue the level of support that has been offered through COVIS WFH orders.  Put forth a permanent policy upon return to office that is well thought out, best in class and balances the new flexibility people want with the realities of the company's needs.
More realistic workload assigned to CRMs, considering the level of detailed the CRM is requested to be  aware of as well as responsible for.   Validations: workload of this activity  should also be taken into consideration.   Additionally support from HQ´s ASM /IMP / lab vendors to release shipments on timely manner to the countries as per plan. Its very frustrating pushing everybody to give SR and then ASM department does not release shipments on time and SR is delayed.    More competitive salaries.  Reduce micromanagement.   Have more transparent CTAC process and avoid inviting countries to validate studies that have low probabilities to be allocated to.
Reduce focus on politics and increase focus on getting the job done.  Focus on getting people back to work.
Resources should always be considered/provided for any additional remediation/ major changes/ multiple concurrent changes
Give employees enough forewarning if Merck's expectation of skill level or competencies are changing for employees.
provide sufficient resources - including enough man power for working,  be more flexible with WHF / travel arrangements: my family leaves abroad, haven't seen them 1.5 years
Merck Animal Health and Merck Livestock Intelligence Transformation process has provided me as a recently hired employee the depth and conviction that my co workers have for making this a more productive company..
Should support foreigners in this stressful situation and allow them to work from their home country and be with their families until the situation settles and things come back normal.
Truly commit to streamlining processes and making the work environment much more efficient
continuously review and streamline the complex global IT processes for efficiency and supporting IT Transformation.
Experienced staff development
Simplify and stop some processes instead of keep adding to an already full plate.  The company needs to TRUST people in the frontline more in order to truly empower and delegate, therefore increase engagement, encourage innovation and improve productivity.  Give flexibility to country to decide what works well instead of standardizing and centralizing everything to make one-size-fit-all while not fit in reality.  Reduce emails and meetings while find other ways to improve communication.  Like the multiple emails on World Immunization Week is an example of lacking collaboration among divisions.
with my current position, i cannot see any future position/promotion for me. this is very discouraging to improve my knowledge/experience on work. MSD should be more flexible and open minded with employees career paths and give more opportunity with cross functional/divisional opportunities.  MSD must be more clear with open position announcements and hire employees (number/ grade/location) in line with announcement.
see comment above
More resources to reduce workload, or reduced expectations of work to achieve.
All is great!
Simplify the processes e.g. finance, eSig, etc
Increase SmartWorking days from 1 to 3 days also after Pandemic
More clear and transparent way to the people working in the company when a new structure is implemented. This will give us more confidence and feeling of security.
Covid Vaccination to stay healthy .
MSD is a great company to work for it would be the best if there were enough resources scheduled to do the job properly. Its extremely stressful trying to manage all the responsibilities we have.
Clarity of future Plans of MSD in India
Keep listening to all employees. Ensure a smooth transition at CEO level, so that we all get to know and trust Rob Davies as much as we did with Ken
Our company seems to concentrate on what field sales cant do (compliance) vs what we can do. We simply are NOT on a level playing field with our competitors.
Continue to closed the gender gap as well as the racial disparities within the C suite positions.
Secure more access to patients
Drive more diversity and inclusion initiatives
With the Covid restrictions, a number of people are now working from home. We need to look at how this can continue. Working from home was not actively encouraged prior to Covid but there are a number of benefits to it. There should be a grant provided to people working from home to allow setting up a home office.
opportunities to learn and personal growth
Properly resource the operations groups and eliminate the redundant shadow groups that contribute very little to the day to day operations.  Also, undo the freeze on the pension and fix the medical subsidy.
Seguir formentando New Ways of Working
Collect input via smaller channels and teams to roll up; bottoms up approach to understand what we each individual is experiencing in their part of the world.
Restructure roles (grades and levels) to accommodate the current generational expectation.
Merck is a complex organization with many stakeholders and opinion leaders, but few decision owners.  New governance models are advertised to be a streamlining and a 'pushing down' of decisions and strategy, but seem to have only resulted into less frequent, all day, meetings. There has not been a visible change, just a shift into a new schedule for the previous process.  In order to make actual progress, SMEs and project level teams need to be empowered to make decisions and execute on those decisions.  Current structure has project teams focused on scenario planning, while still relying on governance for 'permission.'
Making affordable medicines and vaccines while remaining profitable should not be mutually exclusive.   The public believes that pharmaceutical companies put profits over health and safety.  Merck must do more to fight that stereotype.  Perhaps one thing we could do is to be more transparent on how we decide to price our medications.
I'd like to grow our understanding of the patient and family journey. We need to understand hesitancy, fears and doubts to then upskill the end consumer's knowledge and confidence. This is a beyond the pill approach, which if done right and consistently will yield continuous profits.   K Boyd
Merck is doing a great job!
Continue to check-in with our employees and show support during these difficult times.
Remove the 'Churn" from everyday work.  We are often asked to repeat the same tasks/requests for audits, forecasting, etc.  Those groups should have the ability to perform these tasks without our repeated input.
Continue to flex to the needs of the customer and dynamic marketplace
Merck and MSD must change nothing.
Look to gather more details from the Grass Roots to assist in the future direction of the company
Reduced the bloating of a bureaucratic rule structure to try to compensate for training of our staff and thinking.  We need to adapt to the world quickly and innovate.  The required structures should be reduced to those needed, and eliminate "check-box" exercises.  Also,  there is a tendency to make a "best", i. e. perfect, practice the only one without weighing the time and resource requirements vs actual risks.
focus more on medicine and less on social justice issues. This is a workplace and issues involving the worlds problems do not belong. Also if there is going to be a focus on segregating all workers by categories there are some major categories that are prominently missing. I feel that there was a very positive atmosphere until the company started segregating its workers. Now I feel nothing but tension. at the few meeting I attended I got the feeling people only are going along to either get ahead or they are forced to comply with this new agenda.
Expand full remote positions as much as possible to all divisions since all industries moving towards this. Will then be able to capture and retain the best talent possible. Furthermore, instead of verbiage "manager-dependent" for policies, please expand "company-wide" policies as much as possible for things such as equipment reimbursement for better set-up to work remotely. Reduce unnecessary stressors due to "unknowns" for managers would be the best method (i.e., provide detailed instructions for managers on what is approved/unapproved). Furthermore, would have a lot of value documenting dissatisfaction within specific groups (groups managed poorly/ below industry standard) if exit interviews were mandatory for all employees moving to other positions (externally AND internally).
Continue making policy and systematic changes that allow all to thrive, be promoted regardless of race, sex, job title.  while the company cannot change people's heart, they can implement processes that demand change.
A little transparency goes a long way.  Trust that the adults you employ can handle information, even the bad stuff.  It shows you care about them.  Caring about patients cant happen if we do not care about our employees.  I believe Merck does care... but it can certainly do better.
Adapt quickly to this new environment and offer options to work from home, at the office and a hybrid model. Better support home office needs and tools.  Preserve employee's benefits. Drive innovation beyond product development (Digital transformation) Customer centricity
Merck can be pennywise and pound foolish.  The systems in place roll out *often* causing changes in business practices.  In addition, several software suites that would make my job as a project manager/project engineer are not available from our IT department (I'm thinking things like Bluebeam Revu).  While $400 is not cheap for a software package, the time lost by me attempting to do work with inferior products (Adobe Acrobat DC, Powerpoint, or MS Visio) would pay for the upgrade several times over.  Additionally, Merck's involvement in national politics is ill advised in my opinion.  The GA election law changes are not something that is in Merck's mission and the company should be silent on the topic.  As a shareholder and employee, I don't think Social Justice goals shouldn't necessarily be on the top of Merck's agenda. We (as a company) should stick to our Mission: To discover, develop and provide innovative products and services that save and improve lives around the world.
Provide on site space for people to work. Not everyone has the space on site to work from. Create a mentoring program for new employees
Remote work has improved a lot of people's work-life balance. My plant manager communicated that this option would be available post-COVID, but it would be nice to hear some support from company leaders about allowing people to continue remote work when desired.
Be more present in the medias talking about Merck/MSD successes would help building even greater recognition from the employees Merck/MSD should better recognize the employees who've been with the company for a long time and cement the foundation of its operations - maybe lowering the number of years required to get an additional week of vacation could be part of the solution
I feel when an upper management personel publicly took a stand on a particular pollical issue, it does show that the management does not represent some of the people within the company.
It seems like our organization HR processes are not consistent and balanced across the org. Many leaders seems to be "slotted" into role promotions, even while in their current job, while many associate directors need to look outside of current role or go through the rigor of formal interviews to realize this accomplishment.....it is not fair and very obvious.
Adjust the highly differing work mindsets across departments.
Assigned desks rather than hot desking for people who come to the office regularly (with the option that their desk may still be used if they are away for the day). This will increase efficiency in knowing where to find people, not needing to bring work things in every day and setting up/cleaning each time.
Transparency Motivation Rewarding
Work a little less; focus on work-life balance for all employees
Current policy is fine on my end. Thanks.
Merck and MSD are doing a great job of supporting their employees during this crazy time. The mission is clear and the work that we are support is very transparent.  i think we just need some soft guidelines around creating boundaries while WFH. It's a cultural thing.
1. MSD wants to be the number one oncology company, yet 2 weeks ago the field force were told that salaries/bonuses sit on the 50th percentile of the industry and that MSD has no intention to change that, despite reps feeding back that this is an area of concern. To attract and keep the best talent, MSD needs to become more competitive in salaries and bonus along with the resources we are given to do our jobs. 2. Patient access is the biggest concern for clinicians. They need better and quicker compassionate access. BMS approves all applications, MSD rejects all applications. We have fed this back for 4 years now. Nothing is changing and our corporate reputation is diminishing. We need to do more for our customers and patients. 3. Consider employing more people with prior oncology experience from other companies so they can help better manage and shape Keytruda. Clinicians struggle with how out of touch and inexperienced key personnel are at MSD Australia.
Have "Work from Home" options wherever possible. More flexible work hours. More digitalization of records at different level, go paper free as far as possible. Employee benefits, e.g., home or car loans or subsidized transport services. More employee development programmes. Access to online libraries.
Hire more people where they are understaffed
Promote internally
To develop a good work-life balance environment in the company. Be more caring to its employees who work to deliver business objectives.  Advancement opportunities must be available especially to those who deserve and not only given to a chosen few.
Continue to allow flexible working arrangements. Continue or increase the potential development and promotion of colleagues not in the US
As a person working in quality, I think there must be open communication with our managers, which should be first iwhen thinking MSD cullture. Here, we cannot reach our managers on many issues. Unfortunately, we do not have an opportunity to communicate openly. Working in a place where we cannot express ourselves can cause people to become withdrawn and lose hope in the long term.
I will be happy if we continue on this journey, that we are on.
They always keep everyone up to date about everything and always make sure everybody is safe & well especially during Covid.
Continuity with our customers, multiple changes of territory, indication,  manager changes .Most important is that our customers dislike these changes, relationships cannot just be transferred,  or learnt on a business plan , there is a  lack of customer confidence you would not be around for long.... so why invest in us?
To continue to adapt our dayly job to flexibility, wellbeing and balance between job and family. Continue to adapt and think new resources to manage stress
Rethink if it wouldn't be interesting to shift from a mechanistic structure into an organic structure.
Keep up the good work! There is a lot going on outside of my work life at the moment and my manager and colleagues are supporting me. It's a stressful time and I'm grateful to be working for a company that recognises work/life balance and has flexibility.
When rolling out the companies objectives sometimes specific examples will assist managers with being able to relate them to lower level employees so they can understand. Be competitive with salaries while also properly adjusting those already within the company.
GVO concentrates too much on how to reduce cost without paying attention to what is really needed to run our business. Above site management trust is very low and the site does not feel appreciated for the good things that have taken place. After articles came out the site was basically threatened to perform well during the FDA inspection or the site future would be jeopardized. This was the message sent to leaders of the site as opposed to encouraging the site with a positive and encouraging message. The Durham site takes a lot of pride in the things they do and the state of compliance is very high. People are free to speak up and issues are addressed. The current SLT has been a refreshing move by GVO and people appreciate that team, specially because they promote transparency an openness. The diversity of that team is great from cultural and different professional backgrounds.   Very proud to work at the Durham site.
Please try to communicate decisions as developments happen for new product.
Continue investing in culture of inclusion and diversity. Hold all employees accountable for their work. The biggest problem with unconscious bias is NOT the harm to minorities (lack of promotion, opportunities, etc.). The biggest problem is the work and decisions of white males are NOT questioned enough. And when flawed thinking and decisions are left unchecked (because of bias - "must be good"), the organization suffers. I've witnessed this first hand here at Merck and MSD! As a minority, i don't mind being challenged, questioned, etc. if it makes me better and of course i expect opportunities and recognition as a result. This message is not heard enough, i intend to push it.
Merck and MSD have already token important actions and decisions to put health of employees and customers needs on top of the priorities of their mission. Go ahead on this path is the mission of our company. An important role to achieve this goal is to keep remote work for employees because it is a Win WIn for company and for employees: More productives, more flexibility, more motivated.
CONTINUE TO DEVELOPP WAYS OF WORKING ADAPTING IT IN EACH LOCATION  CONTINUE TO GIVE MORE WORK RESSOURCES IN LINE WITH LOCATION
It's already a great place to work!!!
I would love for Merck to take the position of being a Leader in industry for employee Benefits/Compensation instead of looking around to see what others are doing and doing what we can to match that....  Merck  has the power to Lead in this area.  We are starting to lose great employees to Amgen and other companies based on what those companies are offering and in time this talent loss will show up at all levels of the Company
Provide more financial incentive for existing employees that are promoted.
Be more transparent with possibilities to grow within the company, that growth depends on your merits and not if your manager likes you or not and finally that salaries are reviewed across different companies with similar activities, as currently they are no longer competitive
embrace technology to accelerate growth.
MSD should consider and consider how to better support employees in challenging time such as this and last year.
Work with individuals to understand their concerned rather than putting one rule for all
More support from management, do not just expect people to do the work and stay no matter what- understand that overtime at a constant is not a good sign and needs to be looked at. Implement a Christmas Bonus.
Use of playbooks and cross network ways of doing things to take advantage of hard work done previously and build/iterate on what's come before.
Increase current company incentives; profit sharing, gain sharing and employees stock ownership plans for the for the 300/400 band. Oh and free Merck prescription drugs again.
Invest in Work life balance for employees, maybe Childcare support.
Keep on building a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can feel welcomed to speak up and bring their contribution. Managers to "walk the talk" leading by example, keeping an open attitude towards learning and making the efforts towards better understanding and supporting teams for the development and achievement of goals. Simplify procedures and digitalize processes to reduce repetitive workload and continuing on developing learning programs to build new skills for more complex roles.
Provide more support staff for areas that deal with compliance.  Example: Shop Floor Automation - SDLC
Working at MSD Upper Hutt does not feel like I am working for MSD Global. There is a disconnect between our site and corporate, and there seems little to no interest from either party to address this. We do not have the systems in place to do our jobs effectively, and the corporation is not supplying the resources required to ensure we are compliant with MSD procedures and standards.
Be mindful of the amount of work which is put in the system at the same time. Really allow people to take vacation without  being online during vacation.
Speaking from my perspective, re-evaluate revenue of positions in GPVCM because the amount of work, time pressure, and stress are significant compared with the income you earn overtime
We need to hire enough employees so we can manage our workload without making any event. Need use digital technology to be efficient.
Watch out some  people managers. They  are so biased
Act proactively
Taking more care of employees and their families in this pandemic situation. Provide as much support as they can to their employees and their families who were affected by COVID-19.
Reasonable workloads. Less process changes.
Do more collaboration with external partners; Do more for Colleagues' welfare
We are doing great. Our focus is on providing the solutions (be it medicines, vaccines or devices)to save the lives of people and families. We are on our mission to save lives always. I feel proud to be Msdian.
Do the job with discipline and work from home with safety will give more confidence to the family and organisation
We should know about the exact position of any New Products in our kitty? We were planning to introduce Ertugliflozin in the market but now that story also ended. There is a saturation for everything, so is true for JANUVIA? Because of introduction of cheaper molecules of Vildagliptin, it is seriously unavoidable to stop the patients to purchase it. Being a developing country, Economy plays a major role. We have tasted success in this markets also but at that time Most OF the Brands are premium only. Our Country retailers are more qualified Doctors than Real Doctors and I can’t cover my area’s 2500 chemists to convince them to stop substituting.
Hitting the metrics seems to be the main goal in MSD. When a goal is achieved the leads might say a 'thank you' however, they seem to be detached from day to day work and the amount stress and in some cases the 'aggressiveness' some had to tolerate to hit the metrics.
Abide by the OneMSD motto, narrow the historical(political) gap between divisions to build a more efficient future. Share resources, knowledge, expertise, keep educating and encouraging inter-division cooperation.
Increase collaboration between medical & commercial - our current practices for engaging healthcare stakeholders are not aligned
continue to engage publicly into sustainable devt and corporate responsibility, which is in line with our mission and a strong signal to business partners
Especially for regional roles I think work life balance is much worse (long schedules) compared to local roles and benefits (i.e. compensation) are lower (since all extra working hours are not paid). It would be good to have an option to compensate the extra working hours (for example stop working earlier on Friday). I would also propose to define more when non-urgent meetings should take place (from-to; to avoid late meetings for no urgent topic).
MSD/Merck has great leaders, but also leaders who say yes to everything without reflecting on how the team is doing. In important places where there needs to be innovation and a basis of trust in the skills of the employees, managers are in the leadership role instead of true servant leaders. This makes good people leave MSD/Merck early. Also the fact that too many projects are started at the same time supports that the organisation loses focus.
Less hierarchical, new generation leadership, change organizational & process setup to support agile (for example in IT), apply more design thinking methodology
It is important to have more human resources to work better and have time to improve our departments. Now we only have time to do the emergency tasks, because we have heavy workload.
to keep doing things the same way
information to the employees about the future plans regarding products
In such a large company I feel that communication could be improved and as a new person, I feel my understanding of some parts of the business are limited. I would like to address this.
Focus, less is more!
Transparent assessment of the amount of work  required per team and what resources there are to match that and more head count given to places where is demonstrated that its required.
Promote competent people in management positions. A top down strategic direction is nothing if it is not delivered with charisma, enthusiasm and compassion.
MSD should give employees (operators) with disabbilities the opportunity to train/learn for an intern administration  job, instead of looking for jobs in there job description.
Managers to develop competence in giving feedback,  greater support of employees development, greater engagement with colleagues, develop self-awareness , develop an unbiased and growth mindset .
My life changed after having joined MSD. The amount of work is impressive but the team and all the other colleagues are quite committed to work rapidly and with a great mood in order to have much more time for balancing the working time with the personal one. My personal contribution in my family as father and husband increased a lot while I succeed to achieve big results at work.
I appreciate they are doing very well in making MSD a great workplace, I feel my managers contributions in that sense very well, which is very positive. I struggle personally in having worked from home for such a long time.
Doing the meetings in the working hours, respecting praying times during the meeting,, more control for first line managers for project deadlines.
We have done great efforts to implement work remotely and one of the first companies to include remote audits as a new way of work. However, some priorities remain the same, not considering those new ways of working.
listen more to the people needs
Continue to put effort in working from silos to networks.
I would like to see the company being more politically diverse. It's ironic to see a company preach diversity nonstop and yet all of their political outlooks stick to one echo chamber.
1) realize the serious impact that the MDG system and the procurement system caused over the last year to many areas of the company and realize the tremendous amount of resources lost.  After Action Review and communicate the results to the people that were effected and show that changes have been made to our ways of working instead of "pain in silence".   Again this was a very serious impact.  2) Ensure that IT roll outs are done with appropriate design and execution.  Beta test appropriately, train the areas needed, and make sure IT systems are ROLLED OUT at the right frequency.    3) for  IT changes.  Conduct prudent change management.  Introduce, and let people use the technology to their benefits BEFORE switching technology again.  Stabilize and realize benefits before more change.  4) train all the remote employees on how to be efficient with the technology we have.    5) make sure the computer upgrades are done well and not so disruptive.  make clear the apps to be reloaded.
the Local Humain Ressources Director, should considerate all employees at the same satge without any bias.
Quit getting involved in politics.
Stop painting ourselves into a corner. We are our own worst enemy.  We waste too much time with QSIP related activities and reporting and worrying about numbers instead of producing product and packaging medicine for the patient.  Remember what George Merck said?  "We have to remember that medicine is for the patient, when we have remembered that, profits will follow."  We seem to have forgotten that.  We need to back off some of these programs and focus more on producing, packaging and deliver the medicine that we claim we can.
I feel company is doing a great job about caring employees.
Continue to foster a diverse work environment that allows open/clear communication about company values.
I trust the company is doing its best to shape our future as the leaders in our segment. The new normal is still punching us, there's still a lot of changes we need to adapt to until we can say we are able to deliver on our mission at its best possible way. We need to stay focused on what matters most: our people. The amount of hours we are spending in front a computer screen it's taking its toll and we need to find a way to be more productive and stay healthy at the same time. I know we have a lot of different resources available to mitigate that, but sometimes it's no so easy to identify/get access to those resources.
Improve long term planning and develop a strategy that we stick to.  Stop making everything a crisis, take time to think things though before acting.  It wastes money and people's time when the first reaction is not the right course of action.  Stop cutting our budgets to the bone and expecting the same or better outcome with fewer resources.  We need to find a way to work together to get things done instead of working in silos with poor communication between teams and, to a large extent, within teams.
Listen to employees. Consider burn out factors, and support to avoid.
Ensure R&D and our pipeline are able to sustain continued growth
The large initiatives are sometimes difficult to understand.  While I think we get a lot of communication about initiatives like IPI and Expedition 25, I still find it difficult to understand what those projects mean for my work, how I can contribute to their success, and what they mean as a whole.
Increase the opportunities to develop career in the direction that you want to go.
Understand the importance of employees that were onsite everyday during COVID.  Make sure that the right people are involved in projects and spread those across the board so that everyone gets some experience.  Have training and development plans for EVERYONE.  Listen to your employees and react accordingly, because some departments are short staffed and with more projects, Merck has to do better with the current departments so that they can support what's coming. Promote within when it comes to management.  Stop with some many systems that done fully benefit the ones that use it daily.  So many system and they dont work and you include the people that will be using them.  And with these new system before we go live training for mangers so they can train their teams.  Work instructions are not always the best option, webex training for managers so they can cascade down.  Merck has to start focusing on their people and understand work/life balance, take some notes from start- ups
Accommodations where necessary to the company wide movement of working remotely. Example providing acess to ergonomic chairs etc..
Continue to build our company's diversity which helps us think differently about opportunities or how to address threats in the market.  I believe in what Merck is doing and it will make us stronger.  I would also encourage Merck to continue being the company that does things the right way but we may need to evaluate how competitors are approaching things and are we being to risk averse.
Offer HMO healthcare or reduce deductibles. The elimination of HMO option was a significant pay cut & burden for Merck employees.
Merck has very smart people with a lot of great ideas; where i think we fall short is in execution. Also, we often work in silos across departments, so we have overlap on tasks where we would otherwise benefit from one approach across departments. Finally, due to the longer cycle times for implementation of changes, due to regulatory impact, it would help to have a more cohesive and better defined 5 -10 year plan, stick with it and not constantly make changes. Constant changes hinder the ability to finish anything.
Continue to develop new plans for diversity and inclusion.   I feel the desire to achieve this, but don't really see anything actually happening.  Normalize promotions.  Some departments have much stricter guidelines than others.  I feel that this creates unease between departments and groups.
It would be great to see Manager use the Inspire system more frequently for effort and results achieved
I believe that during pandemic not all colleagues has the same access to the same resources or adequate spaces to perform their work, it would be great to have some program for orientation about how to create a good place to work at home.
Be customer centric and not just talk about being customer centric.
Simplify processes and communication from the top down.   Very time consuming and frustrating trying to locate information on corporate policies and accessing corporate support teams.  Too many layers of SOPs.  Different divisions use different data repositories to store critical information, one standard for all divisions would streamline the workflows.
stay at the top of discovery and make smart/wise purchase
Merck West Point Pa. MMD management, should begin to take care of the Blue collar workers who take pride in their work,and try to make Merck successful. They need to respect seniority also! Management needs to hold less, sometimes non- productive workers accountable, and take the blinders off! All too often at Merck, Productive workers  who do 95% of the work end up with the short end of the stick, and the non productive workers, just keep on doing  what they do, next to nothing! Productive workers become angry, Management does nothing about it! Aseptic, and non- aseptic job classifications are a big problem too, and should be terminated! Thank you!
Although I am happy with my organization, I work with many other functional areas and i don't see a consistent message across the board.  the same message has to come from the top down.
If at all possible, try to reduce the administrative burden that accompanies changes to enterprise and local systems & processes.  Although change is necessary, the frequency of change and the concurrent changes to many things at once cause reduced productivity, increased stress, and increased work hours which interferes with work-life balance.  There is a desire to have employees spend as much time as possible on direct drug development project work and yet the administrative side (e.g. system upgrades, system validations, safety initiatives, building consolidation efforts, SOP updates, equipment issues/replacement, facilities issues, training, etc.) takes up at least half the time.  Perhaps increased IT and facilities support would help.
Truly focus on talent development and retention
Discontinue the RAT tool
Although we have increased our ways of working this has shifted workloads that are no longer balanced.  Along those same lines work space at work has been reduced with shared work areas.  No compensation has been given for adding work stations at home unless 100% of work is at home.  This has increased work stress and home stress.
Staffing groups with resources to allow for a more balanced work and life.
I am very happy at Merck, I work on a great team, and look forward to my future with Merck.
There have been a number of visible and very disconcerting incidents in the last two years at West Point involving union employees where the outcome and or corrective action are cloaked behind the collective bargaining agreement. From outside that world, it just appears to be secrecy, a lack of transparency, and an overall sense that we will never know if those incidents are less likely to happen again.  As far as all the training we do over speaking up, incident reporting, contacting the ethics line, etc., these efforts are always well intended and appreciated. But the reality is still much different. Confidentiality clearly is not maintained and there is no shortage of backstabbing, maligning, threatening & hostile behavior.
MSD/Merck thinks global but sometimes acts focused on the US, Europe and CHINA. We should balance human resources with the agile initiatives that we are implementing. Some areas are working in their limit, or over their limit.
streamline business processes to right fit non-GMP work and not blanketly apply GMP processes to non-GMP and env compliance work.
Removing the limitations of only allowing MDs to hold certain leadership positions when equally qualified Doctorate level people are also interested.  Especially given that other companies are utilizing (PharmDs for example) in these roles.  We are really running the risk of losing quality people because they are being recruited for these jobs that Merck will not allow them to hold.
I am a new hire not appropriate to comment at this point
I would like to see the company take steps to permit workers to continue working remotely once the pandemic is under control, as long as the business needs continue to be met.
Merck LPO as a company should take in consideration all the people that come here to work with enthusiasm and willingness. Its really disappointing that there are some people that are given opportunities or are involved on projects that they aren't prepared to do. Everybody should have equal opportunity.
continue to ensure the health of their employees and contributing  to diversity.
Recognition and rewards, resource allocation
stop making unnecessary safety protocols
Uncomplicated processes and logistics, it’s still difficult to get things done at Merck, takes too long to find information, our websites are too convoluted and layered, too many different websites, place information on one system and one page, our customer data base and our expense system is too layered, non intuitive, difficult to get the work done...waste a tremendous amount of time, creates frustration
Increase technology and digital tool availability and capability.  Reduce aggressive timelines when manpower is limited. Make it safer for us to learn from mistakes without feat.
Merck and MSD as a global company really does a good job in terms of growth, inclusion and well-being for their employees. I have been working here for 5+ years with my functional team in the US and Prague. I feel very well supported and encouraged by them. I just don't feel that my local workplace in Singapore does the same. It is very much hierarchical and for some reason they are not align with the values of Merck/MSD in general. My suggestion is to let everyone knows that we are One Merck.
Company has taken proactive steps to ensure employees' safety is taken care of. I appreciate Company giving flexibility to employees in the work arrangement. One area Company can look at is the medical and insurance policies for employees and family. I find the medical protection coverage for family can be further improved. This is important especially when medical costs have risen over the years.
Bring new products
We should be having strong pipeline products to take care of the LOE of Sitagliptin
Company should adopt policies that best suits to that country operation. Product portfolio should be increased. Promotional policies should be much more transparent and easier.
Stakeholders to be given free hand like in pre 2019 era to make decisions 2020 start onwards, decision making is taken by MD only, seems he doubts the ability of our employees to take decision.
We should be proactive in our approach with the changing market dynamics and should not be reactive. Marketing strategies needs to be revisited for an impact full outcome and having confidence of the stakeholders. Customer engagement is the key in current situation and we should look for ways and means to expand our customer engagement.
Please continue the positive environment for working.
More transparent on company development and people movement. The announcement should be provide on timely basis and simultaneously when they are related.   When we are saying we want to be the company leading the industry but when we are talking on employee benefit then we are only targeting at the average. Without a industry leading remuneration package how to attract talent that can help to achieve our vision to be the market leader.
Giving opportunity to grow within organization will help retain talent - right level of support to enhance skillset will help improve employee productivity and performance, which i do see currently need improvement.
Be more supportive in process with clear guidances, process by projects types, answers from compliance/legal/ buying services to the teams in a reactive way
Maintain The Same Culture, Transparences & Trust
I think there should be more people of color in the maintenance department.
Continue to encourage and provide training or tools to managers so they can help support their direct reports with better managing work and family life balances.
Continue to encourage and support digitization of business processes. Determine the right fit mechanism for non essential employees to safely return to Merck facilities and continued to  allow flexibility for remote working as needed by the employee.     Increase lunch and learn opportunities for various topics within a variety of business areas.  Example GMP principles,   business lines, research activities  , regulatory requirements , employee wellness and development opportunities.
Provide time to study new trades to become more versatile in job skills.
Keep our culture and innovation.
Good One
Continue to listen to its employee and to try to put employees and community health as the priority.
Since covid 19 is a problem for field TBMs allow them to work in car insted of bikes.
I don't know if this is too infeasible of a request, but I don't think the company values the opinions of people at lower levels when making plans.  My department is experiencing tremendous strain due to demands coming from above.  If it's what we need to do, we'll try our darndest to do it.  Upper management doesn't seem to care about that though.  They're telling us what they want but not doing anything to help us.  The way it's received is, "Here's what I want, so just do it."
I look forward to when we can return to work on site.
Enable more full-time employee resources instead of utilization of insourced temporary staff which has a negative long-term impact on productivity due to the rate of insourced staff turnover.
be more inovative, empower and trust employees.
Open mindedness at work. More development opportunities and trainings. Making people accountable at all levels and managers giving an opportunity for employees to grow and take decisions on their own and being accountable. With the pandemic allowing more flexibility to work from home and have a work life balance.
Provide more resources for the M1s in animal health, and improve talent diversity.
Keep doing what there doing, maintain the culture. Keep looking after the employees and putting patients first.
To provide the needs of his employee and his/her family.
to have less organization change and disrupted the operation of team
Simplify things
Continue listening to the feedback from the employees and create the environment for the employees to speak out and share their feedback candidly without hesitations.
1) As we all know that Merck & MSD is a great place to work; but during this pandemic situation job security is very important. So my request to company is that don't cut people jobs. 2) Empowering people will play vial role to make company great place to work and deliver our mission 3) Ensure appreciation of good work  4) Avoid Politics 5) Give importance to innovative ideas 6) Honest and unbiased leadership 7) Help employee in developing management skills
While significant efforts are being made to progress our business, support functions tend to suffer from a lack of resources (headcount, time, budget, etc.) being invested – leading to those in these functions struggling in the areas of work-life balance, stress, and overall mental well-being.
Good communication within the departments.  Performance evaluation on each BUM and sales manager and department yearly- on costumer and team relationships .
I don't have any ideas at this time.
A better approach to work life balance - especially this last year through lockdown. I have had to work even harder remotely and have spent far too much overtime in meetings - and excessive working on a computer screen.  A working day should be - a normal working day. The fact that it has been taking up with endless meetings -which have the impact of having to do your "day job" in your own time ! excessive hours have become the norm !
Adopt working from home as a new practice beyond the pandemic
To acknowledge and fully embrace remote work for jobs that are not physically needed at a production and/or business facility.
Merck is top heavy  too many people are in management /senior/executive management
I think Merck and MSD should continue to take these types of confidential surveys from everyone across the company because this truly helps the leaders understand what is being done correctly and what areas of our workplace need improvement.
Return to work in person.  Speak out against the fear surrounding the virus, encourage vaccination and get people back to work in person.  Allow people who are comfortable with returning to work and have been vaccinated to live their lives and return to work in person. without restrictions.
Allow global workers in MRL to work remotely.
Continue to focus on Digitization, employee development and diversity.
I feel that pay is all over the board and people right out of college are making more than people working at the company for 10+ years.  Merck does not value keeping loyal and hard working employees.
Not having to worry about mylearning SOP's that has nothing to do with our job, putting in a SMIS and doing safe by choice and now everyone name is on display for the whole plant to see who is and is not doing it.
Merck should use a good software package to coordinate and track individual and team tasks such as Asana.  Microsoft does not offer any (MS Planner, Tasks, Outlook) software that is as capable as Asana.  You don't rise to the level of your goals; you fall to the level of your systems.
I am fine with how Merck and MSD are delivering our work place mission.
Encourage lateral thinking and alternative approaches to problem-solving that aren't bogged down by procedures and standard practices.  Allow people to flourish outside the framework that's been decided we should follow.  Streamline quality systems to eliminate hurdles for process/procedural improvements.
Having Well trained individuals who are willing to share knowledge, Having better management who can lead and assist with development and growth, Programs to enhance lab practices and understanding of one's job duties, Having more in-depth programs and seminars aiding in mental health, Reassurance from SLT and management about having a safe place to come work when it comes to racial injustices, discrimination, and Bias.   Celebrating more African American Culture, being able to speak up without it being a constant back and forth. Assisting parents with children with more options for work for an example: flexible work arrangements.
Align business needs to expectation / actions to perform by every department.
Continue to keep investing into their people and push the boundaries on innovations
Diversity and inclusion
Provide proper HR service.
Take very good care for high performers  Friendly atmosphere at work  Work security
Continue to purchase or create innovation that fills an unmet need.  I believe if our company successfully does this then it will weather the pricing pressures that are coming our way and protect jobs.  I believe Merck’s name has been used too much for political reasons, I believe Merck should remain politically neutral and stick to the business of Merck.
There is a lot happening currently in Merck/MSD, esp with adding digital technolgy, of which itself there are multiple streams. It is essential that these teams do not work in silos. Interactions at an early point will help to forge consensus and a clear, strong path forward.  Also, we need to have detailed training, detailed but simple to follow. esp for digital and electronic technolgy
Listen to your employees and make changes quickly when feedback is being given.  You have great managers and this is why people are staying as of now.  Compliance, upper management, etc. needs to hear the people who are actually performing the job.  If things don’t change quickly, people are going to be leaving the company quickly.
continue to remove the barriers which prevent us from being an agile and customer focused company in a highly  competitive environment. If we continue as we are the disrupters will decimate us
Continue work life balance even in this pandemic. Support for family and personal health and continue doing business for our customers with priorities on health and safety.
To continue caring and providing solutions for it’s employees and customers.
Better support for front line Managers.  Pair them up with a more senior M1 as a mentor does not have to be in their area but someone they can discuss issues and decisions with.  Communication classes, mental health support.  We get our eyes and hearing checked but dealing with the mental challenges does not seem to be a concern.  You can't always trust your teammates to provide constructive support.
To keep on exerting efforts on simplifying processes and listening to the feedback from employees on regular basis.
Additional resources such as more employees to reduce stress and allow work to be completed on time. Greater training program job specific
Hi,  1) Better Work Life Balance 2)Encouraging to take leaves 3) Backup should be there for everyone 4) Doing any changes in system is very time consuming process
Better interdepartmental communication and growth opportunities
Having clearer principles in which decisions are made so when discussion arise the boundaries are clear
Balance the talent development and also have focus on older employees. No age discrimination
MSD is a great place to work but there is a certain level of stress - I find it difficult to balance my personal development with actual work and find that the personal development always takes a back seat.  I find that switching off is very difficult and find myself working later so as not to disappoint anyone. I think a company wide 'no meetings on Friday' would really be beneficial - I have tried to implement this but feel that it is not working as everyone books Fridays as there is space in my calendar!
Merck’s local and national teams will continue to put together groups and team meetings to help secure any uncertainties we may have
Msd have to work on people’s next level growth.
Family is not only about caring for children. There are many who shoulder the burden (alone) of caring for parents in their declining years. I dont want anyone else to loose all their holidays for several years to their patents hospital appointments (especially if there is distance involved) . Parental leave can be expanded to include care for parents or siblings.
always listen to new ideas..
Simplify IT service management processes
Digital tecnologies to increase more and more our performance
Hire competent, capable staff. Cut the waste. Restructure the organisation around tactical execution of a product portfolio. Track, manage and understand a product portfolio at the market level. Remove the HR middle-management layer of the company in the above restructure and replace with actual leaders.
Reps lifecycle can be much better in MSD. This will help talents to be promoted to S2 which will retain them.
Less unnecessary administration and more use of digital systems.Make systems handsome in use.
Hire more diverse candidates throughout the enterprise
better work/life balance.
Clear and fair career promotion processes
Improve the compensation system to make sure employees feel fairly valued vs. long-term Merck employees usually are undervalued comparing to external hires and they are penalized for their loyalties.
Have events that focus on the family, such as family day, holiday celebrations, etc. and allow employees to invite their family members to participate.
Better organization of internal process and establish a more updated mindset of promoting internal talents
Promote key talent within the organization and compensate competitively, not a blanket 10% raise.   This will result in someone taking an external opportunity and leaving Merck.
Decrease barriers that stifle innovation. Empower individual contributors to do more independently.  Strive for culture of innovation, not process-based.
Make sure that the leaders with personnel responsibilities receive periodically a 365 degree feedback.  For new leaders make sure that that the next in line manager checks with the team and so does HR on the pulse and well-being of team members. Make sure the leaders you are hiring are not psychopaths and habitual liars - this destroys trust (beyond repair) in both the leader and the company.  Stop bullying and mopping by the leaders! It affects our stress level and mental health. Live by the company's mission with words and deeds.
I think we all need to take a step back and think about the toll the pandemic and working from home has had on people. I'm getting to a breaking point working from home. I do recognize that I probably have it way better than others, but it's still personal for me. Joining a new group, and trying to build a rapport, has been difficult. What makes Merck special, to me at least, are the connections with each other - it makes the work worth it. If we can't build that part of the work environment back up, it may not end up being a place I can stay at.
Keep work from home options as people go back to work.
Merck can get an organization chart on how each position works with the other positions in their department. Also better explanation on job tasks/roles for new hires just starting.  So that while training people can make the correlation for job specific tasks. Inclusion here is great! Attitudes/culture are positive.
More work life balance
Recommend hire an external consultant to perform audit/gap assessment of Merck critical functions (all functions) to truly identify weaknesses.
Our mission and higher purpose need to consistently enforced and shared. The seniors managers need to model after leaders who are the last to take the credit and first to take the blame or responsibility of solving issues. They need to offer more encouragement rather than heaping degrading feedback. They need to be supporting colleagues with can-do spirit rather than giving attention people who keep complaining of low morale at work. We often talk about mistakes or lesson learnt but can we phrase them to share with others what to do to make things work. At last, the work life balance need more guidance from the corporate and enforcement by the management. If a senior manager sends out an email on Sunday or public holiday regarding work matters, what message does that send to the subordinates. My feedback is only for the region I am located in and may not apply to other regions to be fair to other colleagues.
Deliver better conditions to work at home, chairs, screens, desktops, internet connections
Improve in really empower people
Continue to Innovate Create a more collaborative work environment that brings people together to work in small teams. Continue to develop the standard training programs in all aspects or job functions (process related lab work, administrative functions, SAP, work orders, working with vendors, outside purchase orders).  Provide the development tools for individuals who want to learn more faster. Provide cross training Standardize workday in regards to process flow and efficiency. Improve daily scheduling consistency  Always show employee appreciation
Need to streamline processes and reduce time it takes to get things done with/for our customers.  Reduce overhead in head office, give field staff more autonomy.  Need to create a better relationship between marketing and manufacturing.
Make career development more of a priority. Focus more on resourcing teams based on workload rather than out-of-date structural set up.
In addition to the Inspire Program, Merck and MSD could have Employee Appreciation Days throughout the year to celebrate teams that have delivered and shown accomplishments in delivering on our mission.
I feel that younger employees are coddled.  Inspire awards are given like "participation trophies" that are given to players on a youth sports team.  Feel that they are not given for merit.  Rewards and recognition should be fairly awarded.  Employees should be promoted based on merit.  It appears that at times employees are hired or promoted to meet EEO goals of the company and not based on merit or experience or qualifications.
Align to industry std best and next practices without trying to reinvent the wheel by coming up with in house sub standard solutions. Assess workload and plan proactively/ understand resource loading & capacity planning; Stop forcing all change at once without appropriate resourcing for this. expected to transform while maintain 100% on time delivery , 100% compliance posture, 100% EHS with the same resource pool Stop reactionary ways of working especially for legacy sites (restrospective application of current standards to legacy processes etc) is detrimental to our business success, our compliance posture and our talent retention. Learn to say No and deliver versus always overcommiting and failing to deliver or buring our talent to get there.
Continue to remove barriers to get work done.  Clearly describe and define current and near term future objectives (especially for vaccines as several projects have been cancelled).
Always very grateful with our senior leadership in keeping our jobs and helping us going through a difficult times during the pandemic.
focus more on developing your people.  don't take away training and conference programs when it comes to budget cuts.
Employee should have the right to express their views and can give suggestions to the seniors regarding the business of their territory. And at the same time senior have to give value to their suggestions and cooperate with their employees.
career advancement and discussions
Continue evaluating employee workload and demands and addressing needs for additional headcount to facilitate realization of organizational objectives.
I think there are a lot ways Merck is doing a fabulous job but in an effort to communicate you flood hard workers email boxes with more information than they can possibly absorb. As a result they delete things to keep up with their basic job responsibilities.  I also think by making Work Day and other things seem "intuitive" you miss that not everyone learns or communicates the same way.  It may be intuitive to the designer or someone that has used it for a long time but not to everyone.  Those are fundamental building blocks to communication.  There is also a personal element that is missing for new employees.   I think there is an answer to that problem but it would mean some effort and I don't think managers can effectively do all that they are being ask and the huge decline in the HR role.
Merck is not being innovative. They are only sticking to what they know and limiting themselves and not being innovative in new medicine, biologics, and vaccines
Reduce overall forced metrics.
I think that top strategic goals need to be better communicated downstream to see how everything plays a part.  Sometimes it feels like there is a disconnect.
Continue to keep employees informed on the outside factors that influence/impact the business (politics, pharmaceutical pricing, ACA, Medicare, etc.). So many recent changes in key leadership positions and the spin off of Organon lead to uncertainty of the future.
Eliminate the silos between the commercial and manufacturing divisions.
Continue caring of MSD people. Think in Diversity & Inclusion
Increased recognition of the challenges that COVID has placed on one's ability to be most effective in his/her role and that macro circumstances can make previously set goals and commitments unachievable, but everyone is trying the best they can to produce the best outcome for the success of their Team and Merck.  This has taken a toll over the past 14 months above and beyond normal work stresses.
help with expectations to be offline in the off-hours and weekends
Re-assess how contractor are handled. There are too many times that a contractor comes in, is trained and then is made to eave taking the knowledge and experience with them. I started as a contractor and had to actually leave the company twice before I was able to be hired on full time. Both times it made me feel unwanted by the company, and like my time was not worth while to Merck. If it wasn't for the team I worked with and the teams manager asking me to re-apply to the position, I would not have returned at all.
Improve work/life balance by managing workload per person across the team proactively as much as possible
Continue to offer flexibility when possible to allow work/life balance.
Continue to listen to the employees to understand how to keep a motivated workforce which allows us to perform at high levels. This ensures that as a company we are supplying the world with life saving medicine.
respect work life boundaries. Under covid things have gotten much worse. Meetings begin at 7 a.m. and often go on well into the night . People expect that since you're not traveling you can be available to work all the time. It's incredibly draining.
Better devices (laptops) and better control of the ways of working. It is still very common for team members to have to wake up at extremely early hours or stay up very late to attend meetings. This should be completely forbidden. Also, working while on weekends or vacations should be strongly discouraged.
Make people feel included in decision which impact their everyday job. The recent changes to multiple technological systems ( GLIMS, Quality Docs, etc. ) has caused delay and frustration in the operations areas. These changes would have bene beneficial if an individual was involved from each area.
1.  Increase management opportunities so that Merck management looks like America 2. Start formal coaching program 3.  Increase budget for training  and  development 4. Find new ways to hire diverse talent.
The better the pipeline and our products, the better the atmosphere will be! MSD is a great place to work with a lot of talented people.
Continue to drive a culture of outcome focus, data driven decisions, federated decision making and focus on high priority and let he rest go. This is hard, what is more hard is to work in an environment delivering less that potential impact to the company and life on this world broadly
Continue to follow the mission statement of  discovering, develop and provide innovative products and services that save and improve lives around the world.
Use technology to maximize efficiency and simplify documentation.  It seems every time a new system is implemented it makes processes more complicated than they were before.  Merck seems to be keeping up or lagging behind with regulations instead of keeping ahead of them.  Ineffective CAPAs are driving inefficiency.  Rewards for bargaining unit employees who go above and beyond are almost nonexistent in some areas.  New managers that are willing to listen to experienced staff are becoming rare.
Translate the open mind and inclusive speach into concrete actions. Currently wat we really have is a nice speach to sell a positive image to the market, but not genuine implemented internally. We still have leader with strict and excludent mindset. They like the diversity just if the diverse is igual to them.
We need more productivity from MRL/Business development.  Too reliant on one product (Keytruda).  Stop swinging and missing on combating COVID-19
Change must start at the EC level.  If we wish to remove silo-based thinking, it is very important that EC behaves in a way that supports that mindset.  I recognize there have been significant improvements over the last 2 years.  MMD will need to find a way to focus on fewer priorities by de-prioritizing less important projects.
Continue to invest in the workforce through development and quality talent acquisition.
When promoting individuals, take a holistic look at the whole person and their experience, not just their education.
Continue to make processes as simple as possible
With virtual working now common for a lot of people within the company, I believe there needs to be some ways of working around this. The number of meetings has increased significantly, which is causing a lot of time to be wasted and less time to focus on the work at hand. Also, the time required for meetings is not aligned (e.g instead of a 15 minute meeting to make a decision, an hour is scheduled and used). This can be quite frustrating and energy sapping. In summary, if the company could put out some ground-rules for virtual working, it would help people to manage and protect their time while still getting the job done. And doing this globally could drive considerable efficiencies and engagement.
Encourage and persuade employees and current managers to allow administrative staff to work from home.  This is what makes Merck great.  Innovative thinking, work/life balance still meeting all market demands seamlessly.  This is a great attractant for new employees.  It's all about work/life balance for this moment in time and the future.
Keep giving the stability to the people and guarantee our place
Revamp the entire Quality Operations to reduce unneeded policy changes that only result in a chaotic work environment without concern for how these changes effect front line employees' job responsibilities. Changes have consequences. They should not be implemented for dubious reasons that appear to be in response to job security concerns and management visibility.
focus on simplification - enterprise systems - silos to networks approach
Provide better Work life balance. Encouragement from mgmt. to reinforce team members that it's ok to work less and focus more on family. More appreciation from Mgmt for work well done.
Better development opportunities Support to develop as a leader - structured systems etc
As an employee that joined MSD for about a year plus, I find that the training system for employee is quite slow. It is difficult to find resources that is required to get the proper access rights. Some of the SOPs are not organized, making it very difficult employee to follows.
Listen to operator's they are the front line making things happen. They have the experience. Don't make them feel small.
Breaking silos, helping each other out
Ways to find out less experience but more talented and more knowledgeable individuals who are ready to take challenges in different functions as well which helps them to develop and reflect their skills. Do not compare or evaluate just based on number of years of experience. On a lighter note, Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg would never be able to achieve where they are today if they keep counting the years of experience.   Otherwise MSD is great place to work with various values like diversity and inclusion being taken care of. I am thankful to all our leaders and managers who support with guidance or resource etc whenever needed.
to make advance studies and create a new products that can save more people and give more job opportunities in future.
Even distribution of work load in all areas.
Make the great innovative product and Support employee’s need
Fully embrace new Ways of Working, eliminating the slowness in some of our processes and invest in technology and people
leverage the work that is overlapping between vaccine and biologic development and manufacturing
Local townhalls (digital) to share information on plans.  Integrate and symplify global and local procedures & processes Improve and symplify HR service and accessibility (my parenteral leave, could not be administratively registerd within half a year time, I am awaiting financial consequence now for 5 moths salary)
Try to be less corporate in our ways of working and our public image. Be open to trying new things and experimenting faster, rather than waiting until someone else makes the first move.
Continue work to make processes more efficient when it comes to invoice management
Look into process in detail and allocate more resources in case of need to enable employees to manage their work-life balance in order to prevent burning out.
Some processes should be shortened/less complicated.
take care of the staff's healthy
It appears that several departments are having people leave for other companies and the feedback that has been given is that people are leaving for more compensation coupled with less workload.  Merck should consider improving these conditions to minimize these departures, which is disruptive and difficult to manage workload for those who remain.
Educating managers and their teams (but especially people managers) about unconscious bias, especially in terms of race. There is existing training about Diversity & Inclusion that we are all required to take, but recent developments have shown me that people do not actually recognise these biases in themselves. They are reading the print but they are not really processing the material fully or recognising that they have these biases.
Ensure appropriate level of resources are available for the amount of work and projects that sites are having to support.  Ensure that managers are actively checking with their team to ensure health and wellbeing, especially knowing the amount of hours everyone is working to try to keep projects on track.  Resources are spread far too thin which causes in imbalance in work/personal life
I feel that Merck is doing what needs to be done to make the company a great place to work - and Merck is succeeding!
Work together to become the number one company in AH.  We can do this!
Have a daycare on site
Merck has the wrong people in the management positions. Our manager will go from one shift to the next and change his story depending on who he is speaking to at the time. He have favorites that is for sure. It seems he will only listen to the operators that are in the union (holding postitions in the union ). Its very sad but true.
the company is a great place to work. none the less, we always need to be looking in to what ways we can improve to work more efficiently
Management should be more in tune with the management of people and to listen to their perspectives and to give it a try. The shop floor technicians are in the ones who perform the work or have direct influence to the work and its processes.
การ Brainstorm และ Develop Project among various functional team
MMD-Wilson could hire a few more people to spread the workload better.
Managers need to be more involved with the actual work being done in labs to be more informed; see it first hand. I feel that all the work being done by techs is just paperwork for all levels above. More things are being demanded of techs, with nothing being taken away.
*Return to Office:* Est. the correct balance is essential to support returning to office. Will there only be one way to work when onsite - open space w/o seats for all to or w/o extensive coordination. Let's not make getting to the office work! Ea. group should work w/ their leadership to determine what's best for them. If it is decided that everyone needs a seat on site, then everyone needs a seat. *Automation:* Training is needed to help individuals doing day-to-day work learn how to automate tasks in their workload. My team would eagerly jump on the opportunity to learn, experiment, and improve. "IT Funding:* Each group should have a certain amount of funds available for streamlining and optimizing work. Sm. projects often are not considered because funding goes to larger efforts (understandably). But, if a task takes 2 hours every week, then at the end of the yr 2 weeks have been spent on that one task. Addressing smaller tasks impact tasks could be revolutionary.
Embrace remote work. Working from home as a permanent option for non-lab based employees is key to attracting the best talent and to D&I – which Merck has a renewed focus in. Remote work allows new mothers who can't or don't want to pay the exorbitant costs for childcare to work, as well as those with physical or mental disabilities who work best in their safe space. Remote work allows people the opportunity to work from a setting where they will thrive, which is a key component to a truly diverse and inclusive work force. Having a remote option allows Merck to reach talent in other areas of the country, which not only increases the companies diversity of talent, but benefits remote regions where good jobs are needed. Working remote benefits the environment. Office buildings emit tens of thousands metric tons of CO2/year, in addition to commuting. Working remote shows you truly care about people – not just imposing an archaic hierarchical corporate power dynamic.
Maybe a rotation program where sales reps can see opportunities available to them in other departments or divisions such as marketing, IAM, or government policies
Ensure competitive pay/benefits including on site fitness center Continue allowing flexible schedules (start/end of workday, remote work, etc.) Develop and commercialize research pipeline Enable tech-based innovations like TEL
Fewer contractors, more FTEs. Upon joining, contract scientists are actively looking for a new permanent job since the contract is usually for 1-2 years. This leads to high turnover and significant stress on FTEs to train and mentor them over the course of a project. This leads to a vicious cycle to FTE and contractors becoming stressed, disgruntled and leaving. This continues to put more strain on teams and timelines, since hiring/training/mentoring takes at least 6 months per person.
Continue to support and drive digital transformation initiatives
Stop working the people you have to the brink.
Just making sure that everyone understands the importance that Merck and MSD has as a company to meet the patients needs
Provide a communication environment (such as Team building, or face-to-face communication) so that global partners can communicate effectively.
At this particular time, the system integration has been exhausting & has taken a toll on me. With observation of my co-workers, the Allflex Customer Service Department's morale is very low. We are doing what we can with as little that we have to get through our days. There are many variables as it is not just the system integration, but shortage of materials, co-workers being pulled every which way & direction, higher volume of sales this past Fall & Spring & Covid. I feel as we are on our own little island at our homes & there is no sense of a team. Don't get me wrong as I do enjoy working from my home, but encouragement, inspiration & uplifting support is needed in my department as we are experiencing a lot of change. We need to be convinced there is light at the end of the tunnel & this is just for now, not forever.
business concern
I am excited, despite the challenges, MSD is still committed in providing people  access to innovative products.
Agree for this. For me MSD is a good place to work and  Excited to be part of this company who bring the best medicine for the future.
Very much excited.
In India after expiry of sitagliptin LOE, there is no other product to compensate that much volume business,
Solid company, solid products and focus on what is important.
Very good, comprehensive, well-structured development program Good training program for employees Good development opportunities for customers
Recent discontinuation of COVID-response products are a bit worrying
There are so many things that Merck can do to help improve people's health and therefore lives, that I can't help but feeling excited about it!
The recent termination of multiple COVID-19 and vaccine programs have not been good for moral.
Merck is awesome, but the culture the current upper management has created is toxic.
The innovation in the pet tech and pharma markets is so exciting! I feel that we are very much in line with the way the veterinary industry is booming.
Not sure how well the company will bounce back after COVID and the investment into spinning off Organon.
Merck talks about diversity and inclusion but allows it’s Managers to ignore these principles when it could affect sales.
I think the company is diligent in pursuing new opportunities
I feel the company will miss Mr. Frazier
Very positive but seems to be highly dependent on Keytruda
We have a great pipeline of products that have the ability to make a tremendous positive impact on the world!
Recent leadership decisions and investment in portfolio diversifycation.   Finally spinning off Organon.
Merck’s financial future looks promising, but the Orwellian 1984 work atmosphere is unbearable.
Focus on Oncology and new products are very exciting; i bit disappointed with our failures in COVID19, but hopeful for monupiravir
We always seem to have something in the pipeline, but very few come out.
I am hoping that the company will continue to grow even outside of oncology.
We have incredible opportunities ahead of us, especially as we look to build a new approach to animal health that combines traditional biopharma with technology.  There will be challenges but I am very excited about the future.
The representatives are so limited to what we can do that we are competitively disadvantaged. I believe this will ultimately affect sales and the reputation of the company in the eyes of the customer
How Merck's direction will be after Organon spin off? for re-restructure esp. office based and people retention (as many talents left to Organon).
I look forward to our oncology, HIV, vaccine and novel COVID treatment.
Agree but Manager and Top level management not caring of field force
There is good discussion on products in the pipeline and I feel MSD are good to invest in new product research
I hope that we will have the products to support the company once Keytruda goes off patent and that our vaccine portfolio will be continually invested in.
No vision is communicated to us.  We are blind to what the future is.
There is so much growth in the Keytruda Franchise!  More exciting data to come!
We have so much potential in out current pipeline, but we need to do better with making strategic business decisions or we won't be able to deliver on anything
I think the company is innovative and an inspirational place to work.
I am always concerned with pipeline for the Chronic Care division, and like to hear updates.
R and D is positive.
Disappointment in the recent setbacks for the two COVID vaccine candidates, MK-7110 discontinue, MK-4882 will not be progressed for treatment of hospitalized patients
I am a little concerned about our failure in the Covid vaccine realm. This was shocking to me given Merck's experience with vaccine development & production.
Great growth potential in the business and employees are willing to challenge the boundaries of today's known limits!
The choice (decision points/rationale) to split the company into Organon and Merck needs to be kept in front of people in a more prominent fashion, whether just through simple emails with bulleted points or similar. Why the two companies have differing total comp plans (i.e. pension vs no pension...but more generous 401k contribution/limits has never been addressed)
Tightening budgets, FTE restrictions, acquisition failures
I am concerned about how our leadership at the highest levels has let their personal political views get in the way of our Company’s mission.  When Ken Frazier gave up his seat at the Trump table due to his political views it hurt us in so many ways....ultimately causing us to not be part of Operation Warp Speed.  This has had a devastating impact on the way the world looks at us...we were known as the top Vaccine Company in the World and to now not even be a player during this time is just so disheartening and frustrating especially from those of us who work in the vaccine division.  It is truly a disgrace!
we have to adapt to a different future for animal production
While the future may be bright for Merck and its pipeline...the reps do not even benefit financially from a block buster drug like Keytruda.  All the other companies think the Merck reps are making a killing financially off of Keytruda,  but the truth is the competitor reps are making far more then the Merck Oncology representatives.  Give us stock options.  Let us be invested more in the future of Merck.
overly focused on oncology
MSD is the right culture for healthy work and Innovation
Positives - Growing Oncology Pipeline, HIV pipeline,  strength of the company to find new products through JVs and Acquisition. Concerns - New Leadership, a lot of good leaders leaving USHH, Limited impact of some new drug launches (VERQUVO). Pandemic impact on our ability to conduct business
We are innovative Pharmaceutical company
My future aspirations are aligned with MSD growth
My Role and Future within MSD in not certain to me
A lot of senior leaders left the company and in regard to the replacement, it seems that we prefer to continue and do not take to much changes rather than innovate and take more risks.
What's next to Keytruda in the pipeline? What impact has RNA Technology for Ongology?  Is MSD prepared for this race of new technology?  Does MSD have enough joint ventures with small high tech R&D companies?
Worried a little about our role in Primary Care with the company in the future
Great management, great science and world-class employees.
Seems that apart from oncology portfolio there is not so much  in other therapeutic areas
Very proud see that Merck is continuing research in infectious disease.
In my division, I feel there is no new product to drive sales or growth in near future.
1.  Keytruda is our only major billion dollar product and goes LOE 2028. 2.  The other billion dollar product, Januvia Family, goes LOE in 2023 but is so deeply discounted we're practically losing money on it. 3.  Many leaders have either retired or are seeking other opportunities; Mr. Frazier, Mr. El Dada, Mr. Nally to name a few. 4.  Mr. Frazier's replacement is the former CFO.  I'm sure is nice guy, but being a former CFO is he likely to make the company more lean (potential jobs lost) in order to compensate for Organon, Januvia LOE and Keytruda LOE. 5.  All of the above is happening while the company is trying to manage the Organon spinoff.    Would you feel excited?
Keytruda’s patent expiry is less than 7 years away, and to date outside of joint ventures our pipeline has brought nothing new and exciting to fruition for Oncology.
I don't have a clear understanding of the vision for Merck, its future, its next great move/breakthrough.
Commercial future does seem more bleak and siloed
There has been a lot of changes with leadership and products not making it through the pipeline as we would hope. I feel that Merck is so focused on Oncology that it let’s the other divisions suffer but putting hiring freezes in place that put strain on others to do double or triple the work.
Excited
The speed to bring innovation to market worries me and our approach to different technologies (i.e. dismissing mRNA technology) to bet on more traditional platforms does not demonstrate openness and willingness to take necessary risks.
I have concerns on the pipeline, as there seems to be no blockbuster
It is a fast growing and scientific driven company which is spending lot of revenues on research to help the patients.  The Molecule like Molnuphiravir is the great example to tell how MSD is committed to help patients and society.
depending on keytruda - we need to have more pillars..
Our company has some real challenges ahead under new leadership.
I am excited but nervous about where we are headed. I just so much want to be a part of this organization through to my retirement and I am not sure how our positions will pan out in the coming years.
New pipeline
Great opportunities ahead
Lack of diversity on global position. E.g. Colleagues outside of US are not considered for global role. This impeeds career developement.
There are systemic problems that keep me as an employee from being as efficient as I would like to be. Over time, running up against the same issues over and over again tend to dampen my excitement for the future of Merck.
MSD future seems uncertain. LOE of Sitagliptin, Product Pipeline does not seem exciting. The next years tough
We don’t know what will be our future post sitagliptin off patent. Country Leadership is not saying anything clearly.
I know Merck/MSD has great potential, but I worry that it is not really obvious what the next big thing will be after Keytruda.  As MK-4482 keeps getting delayed getting to market, I worry that we will miss much of the opportunity to capitalize on that.
Merck has a strong pipeline which will contribute to continued innovation and growth which excites me.
so im not sure as to the strength of our pipeline and our site is hpv heavy
According to the latest investor report, Merck’s portfolio is not COVID proof
It feels like it's taking forever to feel like normal again. So even though a change in leadership, the Organon split, our potential to help the world battle Covid-19 is exciting, there still feels like there's a cloud and weariness from where we've been. It's hard to get revived.
I have been concerns about leadership in the US market - some of the leaders don’t seem to dig into their organization’s pain points.  I see a lot of managing up vs “leading”
I'm excited for Keytruda's future, but we must be aware of the antibodies and biologics development  such as bispecific antibodies, cell therapy and gene therapy.. Antibodies discovery and characterization can be done in record speed and advancement in one of my shareholding Clearpoint neuro will help greatly advance the field of neurology surgery and treatment.
Concerned about steroids plant future
I'm not sure what the future of our site is.  It seems to be going well, but not sure.
I am excited about innovative treatment of MSD’s future
So much uncertainty in the Market and our pipeline
We are becoming very focused in oncology.  Hopefully we stay committed to other areas as well (and also allocate resources to those areas as well!!). While oncology is huge for the company (understandably), it is also important to allocate adequate funds/resources to fully support the other therapeutic areas that we cover. Otherwise, we could be at a competitive disadvantage vs those companies that are really focused/investing in their assets (outside of oncology).
I worry about our dependence on our Oncology portfolio, and while I would like the company to continue to strengthen it, I would like to see more investment in other areas as well.
Progress and achievements todate ie Keytruda
We are not provided any money for on going office costs working from home  Tax return is variable depending on the individual regional staff really should be getting more financial support to work from home. Internet and utility costs
Well supported y team members
sometimes too much resources all over the place does not help - resources must be simple to understand (sometimes they are written in ways it is not easy for someone new to it to understand) and have to be organized in ideally a central location, and systematically labelled so that we know what and how to access.
Some additional IT/computer stuff for home office would be appreciated (monitor/screen, etc.)
Chronically under resourced in medical which leads to delays in outputs for the rest of the organisation
My comment is that we may have resources but are they utilised appropriately
always man power constrained and expected to do more with less
We need of better PC.
I need more training / course opportunities
As a new employee, I do not have enough information yet to assess the resources of my position yet, but the onboard training could be a little more organized.
I feel my team has more work than I have the people to complete
This goes along with the previous comment about not getting the support that is needed from other departments and other sites to do my job.  Without getting the information that I am requesting from other departments and other sites, I lack the resources that I need to do my job well
We need more speed in our “agility” to support how our customers now want to interact with us as we evolve with covid.  For example, it is not realistic when a customer requests education for an entire hospital department to limit them to 10 attendees who each have to be at their own computer.
We are put under a lot of pressure to deliver results, yet are constantly asked to do more with less. Not only do we have fewer people to do more work, we are also expected / asked to add to their already heavy workload with various initiatives (e.g. strategy).
Thanks to a great collaboration and sharing culture, across functions and across divisions
We are well resourced
IT resources and funding for transformation project work is scarce.  I am unable to be as effective in my role as I would like to be without this support.
This is actually in reference to the speaking up question, but I did not get a drop down to add text.  My CTL and Director our very open to our questions and suggestions.  I do not feel that anyone is allowed to disagree with my director’s manager (i believe his title is executive director but not sure). He does not understand the HIV market and has changed the division to a primary care like feel
See comments above as many of the resources we utilize could be more user friendly for the HCP and sales organization.
Working remotely now, I would appreciate if the company would offer us some essentials - desk/chair/printer/larger monitor, etc so that we have the basic tools needed to do our jobs
I have training platforms, IT resources that fit my needs. Only thing that I do not have enough from is time to do all the things I would need to.
I feel we have a lot of resources but when we make any suggestions for improvement or new resources it either takes a very long time or never gets done at all
We have a ongoing issue with missing equipment. This has been going on for some time and there does not seem to be a solution. If we do not have our equipment on time it is near impossible to complete our task.
Over the course of the pandemic I have had a need for leave behind resources on my tumor types and they have not been readily and consistently available in ROME. I feel this is a miss because in the few cases I have been in-person I haven’t had appropriate materials to leave for those I wasn’t able to see.
I'd thank to MSD to take care of our needs, equipment, constantly providing us all that we need to execute our Home Office daily job and also to create different moments to stay together.
It is now more difficult to conduct MMF’s with the new rules, EMMF’s have many restrictions, and obviously live MMF’s are temporarily out.
I think it is a challenge when we are locked down with Covid restrictions. Merck wants more learning& development, more personal development etc. We are tired of continuous virtual conference calls. In commercial operations - it is all about sales numbers. It generates all our business. We need to be in front of customers.
Again, resources are being stripped away by compliance
SOP and Standard
When you tell leadership what the gaps are (in education, understanding processes, time to learn) in your development and what you believe you need to be the best at your job and you are told you can seek development opportunities internally and externally at no cost to the department/company.  When you ask for leadership to help you or set a policy to give you time to learn (read a scientific paper.  Take an FDA course) and you are tole "no" but then you are asked to find 5 or 10 mins out of your overwhelmingly busy schedule to learn something.  I would say "no" I don't have the resources or the support I need.
Due to pandemic situation the company did not provide facilities like (chair, keyboard, screen), the condition in the apartments are not the best for work from home
Modern IT supported lab systems have been too slow in being implemented.
The resources are there, but are sometimes hard to find.
I feel that many reports/deliverables are due at the same time. Tight turn around times, and high pressure to submit on time lead to less mistakes and errors. I think we need more resources to avoid costly mistakes and find ways to do things more efficiently.
OSRs are very limited in providing customers what they need in a reasonable way.  Our vPDG/vMMF process is just one example of over complicating a very valuable resource.  Would be great if OSRs had OKAM  capabilities in non-OKAM accounts without jeopardizing what the OKAMs have.  I would also  suggest continuing to broaden the OKAMs capabilities. Other Companies we partner  with  are able to be more customer focused because of expanded capabilities.  We could definitely be more customer focused.
SAP authorizations are sometimes too limited, especially if you just require just "view" access
Just trying to get new business cards has been a months long process.  We are in a product launch, and it’s been a slow process getting the necessary resources to launch effectively.
We are not leading on the virtual front. Makes representatives look unprofessional
I don’t feel like we are very timely in providing the necessary resources that we need to interact with customers.  We are limited in terms of Spanish resources and the frequency of change to our prescribing information has made it difficult to provide consistent resources that promote efficacy to our customers.  I recognize its difficult and I wish the lag times were slower due to the legal side but the lag time can cause issues with promotional material not being available as a hard copy or digitally on our IPads.  Also the pilot with the laptops would have been nice if they would not mix platforms (Apple/PC).  That makes no sense to me and has always created  hardware issues in the past.
Balancing IT Security against the wealth of great resources available is often frustrating. I have many good resources to do my job. Getting any newer, better resources feels like climbing a mountain.
The resources available are not on par with resources our competitors have access to
Field Policy 3 will prevent me from interacting with my accounts with adequate frequency, particularly because our limited contacts are divided by so many people.  We need to be more receptive to how accounts want to interact with us.
The addition of telephone calls and virtual FFMs was a fantastic use of resource updates
We need more clinical training versus prescribing information only
Training for new to role is still an area to improve to make this strongly agree
When we look at other companies we don’t play by the same rules, we don’t even follow pharma guidelines, we have stricter compliance measures than pharma. At every turn we are told NO and when looking at what the leading Oncology companies are doing we are not even close. A good example is Virtual Exhibits, we noticed last May that at the virtual exhibits other companies had names, photos, links and it looked very professional. A year later and we still have nothing and what we are trying to get approved now is not even close to what the other companies have. We can’t even put Oncology next to Merck on our opening screen or on emails or business cards. In all other areas, marketing, training, leadership we have all the resources we need we just need to act like an Oncology company versus a primary care organization.
yes, although the stringent compliance restrictions on the sales team make it difficult to effectively communicate with customers (eg email)
Need: laptops, visual resources to share via Zoom, Webex, etc., the ability to invite customers via Zoom, Teams, etc. (whatever works for the customer), the ability to put a small amount of non-product, non-disease free text in Veeva email OR the ability to include a mention of the product in an Outlook email and attach a link to the PI so customers know what I sell, the ability to speak with MSL/HSO MAD
In years past I have always strongly agreed with this statement. This is not necessarily a fault of the company, but the pandemic has hampered my resource support.
There are sometimes too many resources, and this can make it hard to "know" all the resources or the ones that will BEST enable me to do my job most effectively and efficiently. However, a variety of resources also allows for flexibility among people's preferences which is nice.
There is too much asked of too few in comparison to other MDS sites. For example other sites have dedicated communications teams whereas our site relies on the good will of a few which distracts from their actual job. Also the lack of forward planning results in ad hoc requests for support because resources are not hired in time. Although I am contacted and expected to be available by phone I have not been provided with a company phone.
We seem to have several customers having challenges with responsiveness from MAP & PAP programs.  I believe we have recently moved to 3rd party companies.  It might be initial bumps as it transitions, but it looks bad for OUR company and OUR reputation.
Exhibits, Virtual PDG’s, emails - all resources which are extremely tightly controlled compared to other companies.  Makes doing are jobs with these resources very difficult.  We have such restrictions with even sending a simple email.  It has to be in code what product we promote.   The company gives us next best engagement as a resource.  The emails we can send are not always containing appropriate verbiage.  The role out of the program was not done very well and then reps got their hands slapped for not being compliant.  We didn’t klnow were to dismiss the suggestion if it was not appropriate.   Instead each of our numbers were shown on a district web-ex to humiliate us in front of our peers.  Why is such emphasis placed on next best engagement rather than the representative’s selling skills or account management etc.  I
I definitely have the tools, access to expertise, etc.  The only thing lacking is time.
Management team is extremely hesitant to order tools for mechanics on the line. for example, one mechanic had ordered tools on April 1, 2019 and still has yet to receive them. If we have the correct tools, we can keep our lines running and get the product out to the customer.
We talk about digital capabilities - but have not be investing in the tools we need to optimize the work we do.  I have completely given up on the helpdesk. Google is my new helpdesk.  Or we just create workarounds for systems which are not well supported.  I had better IT tools and support 15+ years ago.
Generally I have the resources, improvements in IT equipment and platforms would help
Yes we are well equipped according to industry requirements.
why do some of these questions have comments but not others? I wanted to say above that I don't feel supported at MSD because we literally don't support in-role promotions. Even if my role has picked up more work and responsibility it is extremely hard to change. Yet I do more work than certain directors.
Need more access to applications on the software center for data science
I think the company should invest in technology and also the IT department has a lot of opportunities, raising a ticket is really hard and also they do not listen to the needs
the team constantly feels stretched and working late hours. there is always a threat that work will not get done due to resources. Year over year we get more work to do with no additional help or budget.
I feel our lab and most labs are understaffed for the amount of production expected. this creates a safety issue. our reactors are outdated and if feels like we are constantly putting a (band-aid) fix on issues to get by.
COVID has presented new challenges and I believe we could continue to strive to be more agile.
Some departments are leaned out too much and with Organon split less resources are available to do same job
All resources are freely available, in particular during Covid times
As a sales representative I feel that we do not have the right resources available for our customers. I also feel that having a hiring freeze when launching a product and having a open territory that puts strain on others to double or triple their work load is not the resources to do a job well.
Turn around time still takes a while, but getting better.
Our department needs more people, who are adequately trained so that the majority of the work doesn't always fall on the same people all of the time.  The work should be able to be distributed across various individuals but there are those who refuse to do more than just what is needed and then go home at the end of the day.
As everybody knows we are in pandemic which is a barrier to meet our customers but MSD provided all the resources to meet our customers like veeva engage and virtual class 1 meetings to spread science through digitally.
I have only this job for my bread and butter
COVID-19 has created two classes of employees. Those who can "mostly" WFH and those who cannot. For those who cannot, they have to do their own job and the WFH crew's tasks that fall outside of "mostly". Meetings are now at 8am and 5pm. There are legitimate WFH jobs in project management, CMC strategy, even FTE management, but not every research Scientist R4 and up can be a "WFH only" role. Working from Home is now a full time job which can be self prescribed and self actualized. IF i want to WFH i can literally "make up non-critical initiatives, subteams and  events" to justify my need to WFH.  people supporting real programs, onsite 4 days a week, doing the real lab work and data that drives the programs forward are suffering, because they have to also now participate in the "non-critical initiatives, subteams and  events".
I've witnessed inconsistency in how technology is approved within the dept - it's very manager-based.  Some managers have directly told me to purchase the items I need which is sometimes not mirrored by my direct manager.  It would be helpful to get a list of items that can be covered as a way to universally baseline what is an acceptable spend.
See my previous comment about limited people/time/budget resources at the HQ level (incl PRT process). I do my job well because I know how to be creative with the resources I do have. But the job would be made easier with the resources my customers need.
To achieve my target consistently
It is difficult to get the information required for the job since it is located in a number of different systems.
yes in terms of hardware/devices/network capacity. Given the high workload, more human resources would be welcome.
What I hear about support wise is very different when it comes to activating that level of support. e.g. Dealing with a poor performing supplier that aren't in your must/invest to win= stress.  There are all these metrics in place...nice titles & calculations, Would like to see a process for discussions to stay or go being actively practiced if a supplier consistently performs poorly.  It is a large draw energy wise from the  team that work with these suppliers on a day to day .
I would like the ability to revise events in case of error without needing a manager to unlock an event. I could make corrections to my expense report. I would like the same for Veeva.
I agree that I have the resources. Sometimes there are too many resources thrown at you all at once.  This is my first year as a M1 and I feel if LSOF, 8SPS and some sort of introduction into managing the Union class were taught it would have all been helpful during the onboarding process.  I feel I would have been better prepared for the role.
I feel that things can be done much more efficiently and effectively
Having additional FFM money would be most helpful especially given the affect the pandemic and the time to return to normalcy will have on our ability to support exhibits and conduct MMFs.
Physical resources are not the problem.  IPad is great, and our sales materials are beautiful.  The resource we lack is FREEDOM to do our job and engage with our customers.
Ongoing bullying and favoritism within team.  Many people form team have left and are looking to leave due to the bullying and bias (including myself).  Direct report manager does not action reports of poor behaviour and attitude of 'favourite' staff members and blame shifts to the victims.  Victims feel unable to speak up and has impacted their mental health both at work and am home.
Questions are not welcome
Since joining Merck, each year we face ressourcing issues. No hiring when needed, no flexibility to adapt to extending workload. To resume : more work comes in , and less people to do it. Difficult to manage teams who are overloaded with work.
Long term vision of our company and especially in the area of digital health strategy
organization not working together to new solutions, and not taking responsibility for the complete site, but only for themselves. No service or efficient working and giving people responsibilities which have no expertise and do not know the way. Therefore local different or no solution for same problem.
Going through releases frequently, which consumes huge amount of time which could have been dedicated to improving tools instead.
mental health
I would like to know how the future of Working from home will look like. I believe we gained a trust over last year that we could WFH permanently.
Being able to develop my role both personally and professionally, this is something I have implemented myself already but due to resource and time constraints, the needs of the business, I don't feel this will be addressed as I would want. I am in conversation with my manager and have highlighted this to HR also.
my Career path way & promotion
I am undercompensated for the work and contribution that I make to the company. We dont have transparent or equal pay.  We also have too much work and need a better work life balance.   The company has a lot of red tape / rules / cumbersome business proccess and we waste a lot of time with systems and approvals
Office politics.
Work overload
That my efforts and hard work to ensure the teams wellbeing is noticed and valued by the team.
The financial impact of the spin off on the company leading to staff reduction, outsourcing to external companies, and other cost cutting initiatives impacting mostly the people performing daily business activities.
Balancing work with my personal life and sleeping well
Everyone is working extra hard due to all that is going on new QMS, Organon, Covid projects, Chage controls and it is causing to much pressure on all us staff to do more. there is no more to give - family & health are starting to get impacted. There is little benefit to staff making exercise classes available to us online when we are too busy to attend them.
How the organization/manager focus on building a team.  I have witnessed bullying of co-workers. I have raised my voice. I have been transparent of mistakes that I have done. For that I have been made a fool of in a meeting with several attendees.  It is a lot of information of new ways of working inclusion and so on. I hope it is more than  pretty words and drawings.  Maybe the leaders need a new leadership course or something? I see them having the same attitude towards concerns being raised. I have had several leaders in MSD. Even small concerns which would have an easy solution. It's like playing tennis and you get the serve right back at ya. The method works well when you want workers to be quiet and don't raise their voice.  I could accept this if the information was honest about it. It is confusing when MSD sends out information of inclusion and safe to speak up and then the manager wants you to be quiet when you points out a week process or something.
work - life balance, metal health stress level
Mental health
Organon spin off has added so much workload, and no existing workload was removed. Senior level statements about stopping some activities did not find their way to lower levels in the organization. WE ARE EXHAUSTED. Work-life balance has disappeared and it's taking a toll on my health.
Corporate activism
Work/life balance and burnout
Culture. We speak loudly about Ways of Working, wanting to create a culture where risk taking, challenging the status quo and speaking up, are welcomed, where inclusion and inclusive leadership is in our DNA, and where seeing, hearing, encouraging and rewarding different ways of thinking fuel our business. But are we really practicing what we preach? At the moment it seems that some of us are, but not everyone.
The lack of clarity around work location requirements for the global organization creates stress. Although working remotely does not work for everyone, it can work very well for other and they would prefer to remain remote. It would help if the global organization could share the future requirements regarding work location, or let us know if location requirements will be a local decision based on role.
Pay that is adequate with the cost of living in the area and experience
We have lost 6 people to Organon out of a pool of 21. This is causing a lot of stress for those that remain.
I am concerned with the direction of the company with respect to its leadership. I am concerned that a downsizing will be needed as there are many expensive fte currently being recruited to the company. I am concerned with own career development path as our reorganization appears to have made that a low priority.
Work life Balance.  The amount of work and hours has tremdously increased over the last few years.  It is hard to take vacation and when taken vacation not to work during that time.
I have concerns about my company voicing opinions about political issues.
Lack of mobility/career development within the company.  I feel I need to look outside the company if I want to learn and develop Merck core competencies.  There is a disconnect regarding what it means to take charge of your own professional development.
Worried about track to higher bands. Has always seemed that Merck does not promote well within the R track.
Career Growth/Opportunities
See below.  Issues related to Organon split
The Baton Rouge Plant is closing
A shift in the country toward socialism and mob rule
It is too much. Too many new initiatives rolled out RAPIDLY with so many hoops to jump through that it actually takes LONGER to do a job. We have a brand new instrument for factory support, still in the box for >18 months because the DI requirements keep moving before we can get it installed.
work life balance
career development and visibility for opportunities
CEOs of any major corporation, including Merck, should not be making public statements about decisions that are better left to the people and their elected representatives.  I do hope Merck remains "neutral" in the future except to dialogue with elected officials regarding decisions that directly impact our business of developing and delivering life saving drugs to the market at reasonable prices.
Fear of being pushed out because I'm older.  The company's entire focus is on bringing younger people into Merck and making/keeping them happy.  Many of us in our 50's and 60's have helped make Merck the great company it is, yet we do not appear to be part of diversity and inclusion . . . So when leaders talk about employees representing the patients we serve -- there's a conflict in what they say -- many of our patients are older, suffering from cancer, diabetes, heart disease, etc., so it makes one question, who it will be that will really understand these patients  -- data only goes so far.
With the amount of change going on in our world and our company, I think we need to handle change better than we have historically.  We need to reduce our organizational ego, work better across silos, have a stronger enterprise mindset (we're all on the same team!!), etc.  We will need to be a different company in the relative short term.  Change can be scary for people but I think we need to figure out which leaders can truly lead our company to where we need to be.
Gender inclusion especially for trans people
Decisions made for me based on personal risk assessment of someone else
it is very difficult in this political climate to feel safe about anything I feel or believe in or have opinions on.  People all over this country are being removed from their jobs in large corporations, assaulted, and other non favorable things, based on actions and narratives that benefit politicians.  I do NOT want see politics creeping into where I work.  It makes it hard to not think, that if I don't think what is perceived as the correct way, and who knows what that is anymore, I could lose my job.  As some of Merck leaders become more prominently involved in political issues, this could be signaling that Merck may follow suit with many companies that are bowing to angry masses.  I'm grateful to work at a company with a legacy of strong standards, ethics, and integrity, whether it's related to our products, or people, and hope it remains that way.
Other - overcompensating for the lack of fairness  (racial injustice/gender bias ...) which will drive a larger wedge for those who believe in fairness but are targeted as the problem.
High administrative burden
Job satisfaction is at a low point and what I'm most concerned about at work.
The relevance and impact of what I am currently doing to my future prospects outside of Merck in other technology business areas. My current role has not progressed for a number of years.
Ability to advance my career to leadership. I do not see opportunity.
Workplace accepting field representatives into their offices in mass again
-significant/ frequent personnel turnover within teams after brief tenure -Work/ life balance;
i am worried about having to return to the office, and then to commute to rahway. i don't feel AH shares the same flexibility that HH projects.  I dont want to sit in a room with other people for an exttended period of time. i dont want to share a desk with anyone. i dont trust that our cleaning crew have cleaned sufficiently. i dont believe MAH has enstilled any safety measures TBH. i am stressed out that if i dont show up to the office i risk my job. should i risk my health or my job?
High workload
Do to the increasing amount of workload in GPVCM, the team is burning out.  We need the possibility to increase are capacity in resources to stabilize the WL and have more healthy work environment.
Mass Shootings
Being able to balance/manage the increasing workload as headcounts are reduced from Fortify our Future initiative
Have concerns regarding what the post-COVID work environment will be like. As a field based individual, I'm concerned the face-to-face interactions with Scientific Leaders (SLs) will be reduced and greater emphasis placed on remote engagements. I joined Merck so I could actively engage SLs in person with the backing of a solid, reputable company like Merck. If Merck leadership makes a decision to maintain a significant portion of remote, virtual engagements, I will look for opportunities elsewhere.
I think Ken Frazier is a great leader. I wish his leadership would filter down to middle management and CRA managers. I am unhappy because of all the task and responsibilities on the CRA and Merck changes their processes so frequently to make your life more difficult. Hence why more CRA's are leaving.
Other:  learning so that I can increase the impact I have on advancing human health
work balance, very long days catching up after back-to-back meetings and trainings and bunch of emails
Ability to create separation between work and home life.
Balancing work/family/household/outside responsibilities
We live in a cultural environment of hyper-judgement and a lack of grace, and it seems to be affecting everyone.
Having worked remotely for well over a year, I plan to continue to work this way moving forward.  Our group has embraced this working however still are a bit slim on details of what expenses/items will be allowed for remote workers.
Few people to do the work of many. Results in longer hours and worse work-life balance.
I am concerned that my division of vaccines is not moving in a positive direction.  I feel like we are worrying about things that get in the way of calling and selling to customers. I really miss Mike Meehan and his vision.
Work/Life balance
Lack of products coming out of R&D
Stress Adequate performance Recognition
Quotas and numbers are at a level that is obtainable if the ability to be in front of the customer was “normal.”  My concern is that many territories stay in the red while customers that once allowed virtual  meetings have now decided not to continue those.  Access still lags.  Planning is very difficult as you don’t know where you might be on a weekly basis- face to face or virtual.   If f2f, then routes are all over the place due to scheduling meetings wherever you can get one- and that issue also depends on if the practice is f2f with reps or virtual.  It’s concerning to move business when we are very limited..
Frequent re-organizations and personal career growth
Work-life balance
A good leadership and management
concern about work-life balance
the current house market
The environmental crisis is a time bomb. If politics and companies don't take care now of this subject more seriously and work intensively on the subject , it will be a disaster in the coming years. I would like to see Merck/MSD more involves in this one.
We are too focused on perception. ' Be seen to do and say the right things'. We look to govern completely by policy and procedure when something goes wrong which affects many instead of tackling the offender in an individual basis. Sometimes ' an earful 'can work wonders!
I listed politics above because I have never seen a time when companies like Merck take political positions in public.  Many of our customers do not share those political opinions and some are threatening to take their business elsewhere.  This is a very slippery slope that we have entered in and I think it is very foolish.  I have been told that business and politics do not mix since an early age.  I have seen first hand now why people make this statement.  Merck should leave politics to the politicians and news people.  Out customers do not want us taking sides.  No matter which side you choose, you alienate a large percentage of your customer base.  We should stick to inventing medicine.
maintaining work/life balance.  Not everything can be a top priority.  Something needs to be 2nd, 3rd, 4th, etc.......    Not always, but consistently we are living in a space where everything that we are working on can not wait.  it is taking an emotional and mental toll on folks.
Our site does not have enough resources to handle all the new initiatives and expectations coming down from the corporate level especially with regard to QSIP.  However, our site needs to keep our production costs low since our product line cannot support increased costs.  From my perspective QSIP has not gone back to basics and simplified activities.  Instead QSIP has increased the complexity, the tools provided are not flexible enough to handle the diversity of production activities (an API site has different activities than a packaging site), and more resources (or higher skilled resources) are needed to use the tools.
I don’t like how our company keeps getting involved in politics. It’s uncomfortable when customers and friends bring this up and isn’t something that I know how to answer. I feel that we should just stick to the business of helping patients.
Work/Life Balance
Pandemic ending and getting back to normal
I Can't plan to be working at MSD one year from now. Like, Saudi Arabia, FDA & country regulations changed two years back with a time limit of June 2021 to prevent ex-pats representative from customer-facing drug promotion and replacing them with Saudi Nationals only, and MSD Saudi doesn't take enough measurements to secure ex-pats job by Job promotions or relocations to different affiliates in the GCC cluster (Like what other Multinational companies in Saudi Arabia did with their employees) rather than lays off of ex-pats and even accelerating Saudi National promotions to the first-line managers by developing of Saudi National Management acceleration program (SMAP), not for ex-pats. And even there are no real opportunities for ex-pats promotions.
I am Concerned about sustained motivation in the face of continued pandemic-related precautions.  As an extravert, I get my energy from other people.  In the current scenario, I feel my motivation being challenged in the absence of face-to-face interaction.  another concern is the blurring of work and life when working from home.  there are many times when I just continue to work well beyond normal business hrs without recognizing it
The ability of the organization to handle all of the changes we are experiencing (leadership changes and spin-off). It is disrupting our ability to deliver on our responsibilities
>We can’t seem to get out of our own way.  Complicating processes, taking away capabilities, etc.  in a way that is disproportionate compared to our competitors.  This is becoming our biggest competitive disadvantage.   >We continue to become more disconnected with the silos.  A small example is our DSAs.  It is becoming more difficult  to transition because of so many individual decks, even in the same tumor type. This process seems to be increasing . We had consolidation of  DSA and easier transitions in the past.
There is  pressure to invest time on , nights, weekend, holidays and vacation time on a consistent basis.  Doing this occasionally is normal, but this being the norm is not sustainable.
Being able to learn the new SAP system while maintaining my current workload. Handling the stress that comes from management when a mistake happens, which causes thoughts about job security.
How can we reduce favoritism ?  Highly visible projects are sometimes given to the same highly visible people.   If not working on a highly visible project, the work does not get much attention.
Our (site) ability to perform and deliver to our customers.
Salary inequities
career advancement, fairness performance evaluation. it should not be highly weighed to the sales/ business units only.
There are 2 main thinks that I am most concerned: 1. Career Development 2. Bureaucracy 1. Career development: I'd like to be given more information regarding opportunities (Assignments, participation in workstreams or specific projects) to evolve in my role that allow me to develop skills and competences that I might need in future positions. I'd like to receive more feedback from my manager regarding this.  2. Bureaucracy: I feel that the company is adding complexity on procedures linked to reporting activity. Not only in regular reports (reporting tools) but also including ways of working related to execution of educational activities in ways that are need to be simplified to optimize our time. Experienced team-members in certain processes should be listened in order to work in the best way to implement this changes.
My Leadership Team has consistently demonstrated poor judgement in regards to proper posting and position awarding.  In a recent re-org 4 white males were given new, and in some cases promotional, placements without posting or interviewing.  Just because you can do something, doesn't mean you should.  Fear of retribution keeps many in GWES WP from being able to freely speak up.
Not able to go somewhere else to work. Working from home 100% of the time is daunting.
Politics has gotten very personal. Somehow it is no longer a difference of opinion, but  us AGAINST them! This attitude has impacted Staying Healthy, Racial Injustice, Personal security and job security. We are all Americans! it impacts us all. We do more together than apart. Can't I have a different opinion without being your instant enemy?
Being able to keep up with work. Lots of new, lots of learning to do. Confident in capability but question the amount of time in REALITY that is TRUELY needed to get up to speed.  I
work/life balance
1. work life balance, i still see many people working late into the night, emails being sent over the weekends. understand there was a period of time when lunch time meeting, sending emails during off working hours is discourage, but it seems like the culture is still there.  2. Compensation / benefits. Are we well compensated? Heard that salary adjustment are for ppl who are in the lower tier for the salary range, how about those who are out of the range but are working hard, are being recognised, but are not able to promote due to department structure? 3. Live it program has really limited exercise activities for us to participate. suggest to have a more flexible way for employees to workout. eg, able to attend external activities near our home and will be claimable to a certain amount?  4. Childcare. Will we be able to convert our MCs for our child's MC? With SHN being issued (usually 5 days) to sick kids, we will end up having not enough leave.  Will be good to have a flexibility.
work life balance
Environmental Quality of the planet.
Work life balance. Workload too great for sustained periods.
Balancing work and personal life longer term at MSD
Worklife balance
The attack on Christianity and the forcing of the sinful culture of the LGBT community on the population. Also the outspoken executives of Merck that are using the Merck platform to push a political agenda that does not represent what I stand for.
Child has undiagnosed health disorder.
The difficulty of not being able to suitably establish personal/professional relationships in-person with others in Prague and Singapore because of the pandemic.  When travel restrictions are lifted, I fear that I will not be comfortable (for pandemic reasons) traveling in the areas that I need to go.
work/life balance
Nationality injustice
work/life balance
there are so many changes and so many projects that it is hard to do all the work in a proper way. It does not help that external parties (like Accenture or HCL) do not always deliver the quality we strive for. it slows our work in different ways.
Climate Change and resulting anxiety
work-life balance is extremely affected for employees working in the AP region.
Ability to feel like my contributions make a difference to our patients and our company
stress from job/project, upward mobility
Innovation at Merck at levels
Family
Mental well-being and being in "isolation" too long. Not being able to go to the office for long periods of time and uncertainty when that option would become available. Vaccination process going too slow and gov't extending the lockdown for another 4 - 5 months.
Covid and WFH has obviously had an impact on these choices, particularly around child/family care and stress levels.
Work life balance
Not being able to truly speak up!
Lack of Promotion. Our company does not believe in promoting people (and the VP and Ex VP in R&D have said so). Instead our your job functions are  expanded but our old title and compensation remain the same.
My concern to work resources is specifically related to the division OGC signaling that we may not be able to fill the vacant positions of OGC resources/people leaving to Organon, while our team already is stressed and overworked.. Also OGC had forbidden to approve inspire awards from our team, a reasource to motivate our people to WoW and teamwork that has not been available and now is restricted.
Lack of career growth opportunities.
Pushback from the business on critical health and safety issues.
While my manager supports DEI work that we do, he just hired 2 white men (and he is a white man), so I have a difficult time understanding how this helps diversify our already very white team. My manager is a good guy, but needs support to be a better manager. Many managers move up without help to be good managers, not just doers of the work.
Isolation from the colleagues
Our countries unrest and world peace
It is discouraging to take time off when there is more work to do just to find a backup or coverage.
I am concerned my income is not keeping pace with industry standards for someone with my level of skills and experience.
Work life balance. Too high expectations are forcing group members to seek other opportunities. No backfilling is adding to the already high workload.
I was moved to a geography that was not my choice after being in a geography for significant  years. No other option was offered  beside accept the new geography.  No one considered the burden this would place on myself and my family.  Very disheartening as I always though Merck to be a company that would work with employees, but found through this experience that no consideration is placed for the employee when changes are made.  Not even to ask if this move is manageable.
reorganizations that could happen in an unexpected time / not sure how the future could look like if you are not in the oncology franchise)
work/life balance
The impact Covid is having on our jobs, industry, and opportunities in pharma.   I really feel that this job is not what is used to be.  Some things are more interesting intellectually, but the mechanics of the job and our day to day, in fact, week to week tribulations are related directly to the impact of Covid.  The weekly RAT tool is the bane of my existence right now.  It is so demotivating every time I have to cancel an appointment...and NO, you cannot just convert to OCM with every customer.  With larger customers (>25) it is not possible.  These are the places I am expected to get most of my business and I have very little access thanks to the RED Rat tool.
Career Progression at Merck
respect for older people who have different skills (experience) versus young 'talent'. Not always valued in the same way
Managing work life balance and stress.
Not sure what's  the site plan for 2 years time
The lack of support to help priotistise work load and projects coming from above site  for those on the fornt line making the product day to day.
Increasing internal requirements in situation of high external uncertainty may lead to frustration.
Finding meaning and value out of my job in todays working environment
I just want everyone to have equal rights and to be valued and respected regardless of race.  I think our company's current policies on race and discrimination are very fair and just in that we award positions based on merit and are against all forms of discrimination.  However, I see other companies that have demographic requirement policies and this puts myself and my children, who are classified as white males, at a significant disadvantage.
Significant level of recent changes at senior levels in the company across many functions and particularly departures to other companies as opposed to retirements
Work Life Balance
I feel very disposable in the big picture of Merck.  I feel very valued on a departmental level.
Constant lockdown during a supposed pandemic
Concerned regarding the willingness to adopt the MPS culture into daily work to improve operational excellence across the site
Constant change in processes creating confusion on how to do certain job functions, unrealistic expectations of tasks to complete for the number of sites we are assigned, no official training on SIP, data constantly being re-queried years later when that data had already been part of multiple database locks and the patient has expired years ago.
Finding enough qualified candidates to help our team. We are understaffed with no people to fill positions.
The Company's current strategy, future and stability/growth
Balancing the constant change  due to pandemic.. large levels of stress to regain lost revenue and pressure to do it one way went customers are all in different sutuation
Would like to work a bit less
career path and professional development
I am really concerned with recent changes to Merck's incentivization program and this colors many of my responses. In short, I think the program is broken. I also think that in Merck's door-rush to hire millenial folks, it's overlooking the talent that exists in its current GenX workforce. I, and others, feel like we're being disenfranchised from Merck's value proposition as a result and we sometimes feel cut out of opportunities - much of our apparent value to you seems to be in training the millenial workforce and then quietly exiting out the back door. This is a persistent concern. We can innovate too...! We can be creative too...! We are hard workers....!
work life balance
Working for a company that has become too political.  I believe we should focus on our mission and not legislative actions in Georgia.
How will life and work will be after the mandatory home office
My children’s education and the extreme restrictions put in place by my local government are my biggest concerns.
As an employee at a company who has the opportunity to make medicines to greatly help the world live better lives and save lives, it is demotivational to hear the leadership seem more focused on promoting their far left agenda than in the business of making medicine.  The personal views of our CEO may differ greatly from a large group of the employees that he leads.  I believe that Merck has done many great things for the people of the world through the medicines that the geniuses here have discovered.  If the narrative that the leadership puts out continues to be one-sided, we may lose the next Hilleman, due to the perception that medicines is a secondary goal in a social-justice organization.
The constant procedural changes are very interruptive when you are using those procedures to train team members.   Most often the changes are not the best but it's difficult to rationale with the author regarding the changes.
COVID free society
Additional compensation for ESSENTIAL WORKERS over the last 15 months long overdue commensurate with risks taken by in person work
Advancement; there is no clear path or understanding of how to advance and/or to get leaders to see or appreciate my diverse set of experiences.
Work/Life Balance
Decisions taken in a direction I don't want
Stress levels are high in my position.
Politics and especially its influence on vaccine hesitancy, opening too early, and dropping protective measures (masks, social distance) too quickly.  Not to mention global warming, increasingly limited water supply in most of the world.
Proud employee of an organ. that values its people who reflect many different backgrounds, races, ethnicities, and thoughts. I value my professional relationships with colleagues and customers from all walks.  Yet, we are consistently told we are not diverse by a wonderfully diverse leadership. I want to learn so I can continue to respect, care for, and love my colleagues in the best way. However, identity politics divides. How can it unite us when constant highlighted differences always make one group a victim at the hands of another? You’re creating distrust. Learning/listening is needed, but legislating personal thoughts/actions is not an employer’s place. Your message to us is, “You’re broken and need to fix yourself.” As on #11, speaking out? I would be called “privileged” and shut down. Not safe to speak up. A sales organization likes to be motivated via inspiration. D&I approach is demotivating and demoralizing. Devastating morale & culture.
Mental health
Came from a workplace where D&I became an end to itself and impacted the work environment. I see a few - thankfully very few - indications in our trainings of the same. Much better, however, at emphasizing the positives of D&I rather than outward traits as an end point themselves .. we are all individuals with strengths, interests, etc
Too much work is expected of me without enough support!
I am most concerned that Merck will go back to the old way of thinking and force its employees to return the office unnecessarily.  I have managed to carve out some work life balance working fully remote and as a working mother that is the most meaningful thing for me. I do not want to return to the office.  I started my position fully remote and have been very successful at it, I'm afraid my work life balance will be shattered because an outdated mindset will force me into an office.  I hope Merck will not revert back to the old way of doing things and that it will continue to allow flexibility for those whose positions do not require them to be in the office.
Salary is disrespectful and embarrassing
Work life balance is a key concern.  Work life balance has gotten harder to manage in the last year as the finance department continues to add to the workload and does not seem concerned that people have to work many hours outside of normal working hours and weekends in order to get things done.  It seems to be a norm to be double or triple booked on meetings, instant messages are sent outside of normal working hours which gives the impression that people should be online at all times.   It seems to be normal that people take "vacation" but are still working.  There is talk about well being but management actions and workload increases does not practically allow for people to take time off for themselves.
work life balance - very high levels of work has been normalized
Work has increased due to Spin off which cause a lot of stress and don't know what to prioritize !
Work/life balance
Work/Life Balance
I am concerned that I may not return to site after working from home since March 2020.
Alignment across all functions towards achieving the same results
I'm concerned that Merck is embracing a leftist woke ideology, and given the trends, adoption of Critical Race Theory is not far behind.  There is no such thing as white privileges, systemic racism (we have a black CEO), and racial injustice.  Ken Frazier has politically chosen sides and this is destructive.  Merck should be apolitical.  Transforming into a woke company has emboldened the leftist in my organization to push their leftist political agenda in the workplace, masquerading as building allyship and courageous conversations.  In effect, it's forced conformity to a leftist ideology reminiscent of communist regimes.  This will breed a toxic environment and will take us away from our mission of inventing life saving medicines.  This needs to stop, and this needs to stop like yesterday!!
To much focus on diversity  and not on the job we need to do......
Work-life balance. I am periodically heavily overloaded and stressed due to urgent and important tasks overwhelm me. This makes me exhausted, nervous and imbalanced also in my personal life and negatively affects my relationship with my children and I feel that I must neglect my hobbies. Projects we initiate / take on should be adjusted to actual resources.
I'm putting in 60 hour weeks in the COVID program.  The work is tremendously rewarding, but also demanding and stressful.
Gender inequality
What does the long term portfolio look like...we are concentrated in Keytruda and I wanted to understand how do we add additional assets to our portfolio
Working remotely has left me feeling disconnected and isolated. The massive incresae in work due to the Organon spin off, much of which I'm not well prepared for, has added significant stress to my life.  So much so that I am serioulsy considering early retirement.
We have the opportunity to drive huge digital transformation but to ideate, design, develop and deploy also will take significant focussed and dedicated resources and funding. However, we are spending more energy time and effort trying to solve short term budget priorities instead of investing consistently on divisional priorities and the list of priorities is not aligned or realistic.
Seriously fearful the current administration is overtaxing me, overtaxing our products, overtaxing my employer, overtaxing citizens.  The money we need to live on, create with, develop with, advertise with, etc. seems to be going nowhere in this administration so quickly that truly Merck is going to have to down size to accommodate the taxes.
Company not customer focus centric instead we over focus into internal SFE KPI
Training of people and support to the employees to improve self.
my group are overwhelmed with work and don't get the SLT lead support we require to help prioritise and manage workload
I was informed over 4 years ago that MSD were producing an email to send to customers in order to gain email consent. This is apparently still in production and not available yet.
Climate Change
Work resources - we tend to hire resources when we don't need them and don't hire resources when we do.  Feel that people managers don't listen to the team when it comes to resourcing.  Other - retirement benefits - I am concerned that the company will change its retirement pensioning and benefits by the time I retire.
When concerns are brought up they seem to never move to the next step. There is a tendency here to ask for feedback or opinions and no course of action of plan is created afterwards.   There is a fear of retaliation, even though company policies against retaliation are emphasized in the SOPs in myLearning.   This combination causes a lot of older employees to keep silent with concerns. This mentality spills over into new employees when they are told things like "We've been asking for years and nothing is being done."
level of stress and pressure to deliver is not sustainable- worry about how this impacts my health
Ability to advance
future work load
work/personal life balance
Financial stability.
Work/Life Balance
Shift worker's health and well-being being catered to
Finding the best way to adapt to New MSD after the spin off
About what my career moves should be
Mental Health - that we are expected to keep on performing and reducing costs as though the past year has not happened when we are all experiencing some form of trauma in relation to the way the world is right now
Climate change impact on the world and what can be done to ensure minimal impact
MSD in general is a safe to speak company. However, some SLTs are not exhibiting this trait and even talked down on me one time when I was voicing my opinion. It's as if he was threatening me to stop whatever I was saying because I was contradicting whatever his same race employee was saying. He is not a good leader to be acting that way. He should be impartial even if his "own country man" was being questioned. It was quite obvious the way they conduct themselves that they are leaning towards their own nationality and not really dealing with the issue at hand.
In today's climate, it is very hard to distinguish between systemic racism and politics - both of which worry me a lot
People are just burnt out. Need to keep the employees motivated.
Right now, implementation of QSIP is my largest concern.  I feel inadequate for the role(s) given to me in this regard.
The lack in person to person contact.  We have experienced high turnover and we have many new faces and names that I have not personally met.  I feel this is needed to develop and retain new people to become successful in their role.
Managing workload while remaining competitive with other companies for employee compensation to keep employees happy and engaged, reducing departures of talent.
Opportunities for advancement in the company are not abundant
1. Compensation (I am paid in the lower 3rd of my band despite being a high performer within my org.), 2. Upward Mobility (virtually no upward mobility within GSE org compared to other orgs within MMD), 3. Resource needs for large capital project management (other groups are staffing up, while EHS is struggling to get approval just to hire a contractor)
professional and career development
Stress and workload management
