My most recent experiences included onerous, inflexible process but i understand that  an initiative has been taken to streamline a number of these elements moving forward
Feel we are far behind the competition with regards to meeting patients and SL needs, particularly in the areas of patient support and access and this will ultimately affect our long term success and leadership
i agree that my department tried to remove barriers that slow down work however there is a lot more to go
Our area of Glatt 9 is without the number of necessary employees. Thus putting more work and stress to each of the operators. Management is aware of the problem but they do nothing about it.
I have the full support from my manager in doing what I think is of the best interest for our stakeholders. She is a superb mentor, people manager, and leader whom I have utmost respect for.
all my team members are efficient and skilled to their specialization. Helping each one of us or member of the team works well and make work easy and together we accomplished targets and contribute will in the whole company of Merck/MSD
There are still processes in place that does slow down our work. There have been improvement especially in regards to compliance but we still need to continue to improve to remain agile.
Good training from mentors and there is always SMEs who are keen to share their expertise.
Processes are not efficient  Overloading and illogical site assignment due to favouritism  People leave because favourites are promoted
There are overlapping works with different teams or colleagues
having open and good communication
There are lots of initiatives that sometimes affect our work load. It’s too overwhelming.
The intent might be there, however it is not felt on the ground
Encouraging digital engagements in all possible way as a tool to communicate with MDs
I think for MRL, we have GMAC Hub that has been created for this purpose, so medical affairs can only focus on scientific exchange.
This is difficult often times as we're so caught up with the work itself that implementing improvement seem to require extra time that we don't often have. I think external help - e.g. from MPS - may help, and also a well thought out plan to implement the change will be necessary.
however we continue to be slowed down by mis alignment on strategy and the way compliance processes are applied to our engagement with non-HCP stakeholders
Our Department does a good job in guiding us. they are very strategic in managing us.
Different verticals create more hurdles. Due to uncertainty, who has to approve further or which department or verticals, the things go slow.
Various form & parties & process for IT Risk & Security. Need some sand-box & trial space for innovative projects.
Many of the barriers we face are external to our department eg. company wide processes or necessary approvals
My department often has barriers that don't get escalated up because the process itself is slow and rarely gets us anywhere anyway. Other times work and effort seems to be disproportionately applied to perceived barriers that once investigated are realised to not cause any issues anyway.
They always come up with solutions
There is no clear transparency when comes top to bottom . Some of informations is not reaching low level employees TBMS.  In the name of cost cutting , they cut Ex allowances . Pushes employees to do numbers sometimes come what may
Compliance introduces every quarter a new set of rules w.r.t. engagement with HCP’s. It’s frustrating and disregarding for the HCP’s and us.
Overall, the intent of the department is to do that and meaningful progress has been made. Yet, there are many instances each week where the process is an impediment to the objective. I believe that by looking after processes, the system will be deliverable. However, there are roadblocks - namely that some processes appear to be designed with the process, not the system, in mind and, secondly, some managers are so focused on getting the process correct, they may not step back and ask 'what do we need to achieve here'. My current experience is that the manager also won't listen to that question. So, it appears that the manager must be incentivized by ticking off processes rather than thinking about the larger deliverables.
Not field force friendly & discrimination at work is there
My department technically cannot control the barriers that slow down our work, due to a few different factors.
The barriers affecting our work are not at our department level and managers don't have any incentive to tackle the real obstacles that slow down our work. "it's just the way our corporation works" is an attitude that can be seen often and many parts of the company that affect productivity on multiple levels are not lead at all.
m not sure what this refers to
My work is very pleasant and I never had such a swift work experience before, however there are some SOPs and (old) systems, that can not be influenced/corrected by my department.
I just started few months ago and cannot answer this question in a well-founded way.
The procedure are becoming more and more complex with always more exceptions and manual labor added.
Online platforms slow down our work, and there are many barriers to visit our hospitals unlike other companies
To be fair, I do not think it is up to them. I think it is a structural and cultural issue and is not up to any individual department to fix.
We are in middle of slow nontransparent reorganization. Much bureaucracy in order to get work done, there is work in progress to simplify. I believe processes will become better, but not convinced yet about roles and responsibilities of the procurement organization.
Departement yes. Company no. Example: incredible effort needed for change controls.
No. My department didn't accept the comment from our end, and keep pushing the responsible to other department. When want to roll out certain project, they just roll it out without concern the challenge the frontliner will face to the customer. They do not listen the comments and just want to roll out the project blindly just to fulfill their KPI.
Lack of standard processes for regular tasks, especially ones involving GRA and Supply Chain.
My department transitioned in last year from flat structure where we had the say in its future into top-down hierarchical way of deciding, where things are discussed "inside LT", and then applied.
Being in a transformative phase for almost past 2 years, the re-organization takes a major part and all other tasks take a back seat or waiting for go-aheads forever.
For a small team we achieve a lot by being agile and open to suggestions
I have personally never felt it. But I have seen in my colleagues who are specially introvert our department has failed to give them equal opportunity in comparison to an extrovert.
Some of our leaders, especially the younger/newly promoted ones, continue to think that they are the experts in fields that they are not. This tends to slow down our work because teams spend time to massage the leader's ego in order for the leader to discover for "himself" what the right course of action should be, instead of having a a straightforward and efficient process.  We need to address the culture that leaders think that they should always be right and are infallible; and managing how they are perceived by their stakeholders (promoting themselves).  There has also been a tendency to promote "good" rather than deserving staff thereby ending up with a harmonious team that struggles to get any good work done efficiently.
Instead of looking for a solution, work-arounds are often created.
We face constant barriers with IT set up and requests. To get a simple enough task complete involves multiple tickets and multiple calls. The language used in these tickets is also very confusing for non technical people. There seems to be too many teams involved in each little process. This results in churn that could be easily avoided along with weeks of delays.
As Global company, we are quite often stucked in processes coming from the US/Global, and it is difficult to adapt or to challenge
Examples I've seen Enabling new lab technologies e.g. SMARTGLASSES, Tech enabled lab initiatives, more digital dashboards for knowledge management Sponsor Support for CI projects/Kaizens
Barriers are added rather than removed.
removing barriers but not slow down our work
Partially strongly agree however the continues procedural changes in the daily work slows down the process.
Our Coaches are proactive in ensuring we have enough support so we can do what we need to do
As team we always work with great enthusiasm and commitment to finish the assigned work within stipulated time frame.
We do a very good job, but with more resources we could do a lot more!!
To get decisions form head office is very slow, and paperwork involved with local educational meetings is very timely
Our team work together to identify redundant jobs and eliminates the same. Members are empower to take decisions. Managers provide support for any suggestion/changes required for increasing work efficiency.
I am involved in a workstream to try and break down compliance barriers. The challenge we have in our department is that many of the processes and SOPs have not been developed to support our work and therefore don't apply. We are doing what we can  to work with business practices to develop new guidance / SOPs, but all of this work also takes away from our ability to do our day job. And so it is a fine balance. Another big problem is that our different systems don't communicate with each other - our processed are un-intuitive and our SOPs are long and complex. I have been here for nearly 2 years and i am only just getting my head around the huge burden of administration, the stress toll that it takes on us as individuals, and making sense of what, why, how and when. If we could move to an approach where we have a set of principles that we all understand and that we adopt rather than strict step by step processes, i think it would be beneficial for everyone and would speed up learning
There are still too many silo's in operation which leads to duplication of work and re-work in key areas of the business.
GES continually improve, enhancing procedures and guidelines where necessary and implementing enhanced leaner opportunities, where possible.
There are some questions re final consolidated solutions from Quality department
In a relatively new department, there are a lot of barriers that need to be resolved by ourselves, instead of having support from a more experienced person. We need to take over a lot of things that usually wouldn't be part of our job, so that slows down our own work a lot (for example operational tasks)
Our new Marketing Manager is much more focused on assisting us with this where possible. More delays from a system and global SAP support point of view that slow down our work
the automation of some part of the work is encouraged, however there is no clear process when it comes to obtaining faster feedback, escalations (which are totally avoided), organizational matrix to know exactly who does what/who can be contacted - leading to miscommunication, ping pongs between teams and no concrete result in the end
The Workload in the MRL group is not manageable to perform in 40 hour week. People are going above and beyond & Still not being recognized by management. People are leaving the Department to get a better work/life balance. I have worked in other areas in MSD and even though there was pressure and overtime expected for SI, Audits etc.... MRL is constant overtime that is not sustainable.
We would benefit from simplifying some processes.  We would also benefit from a resource review to ensure we can manage the workload in future.
Manangement is very slow to react to sugestions, recommendations, and overall general imporvements that can be implenented on the shop floor. Operators are for th emost part, ignored.
so many administrative tasks added that it is starting to be unmanagable to manage everything
in my opinion we should be more agile and remove management layers or structures
Adequate tools and enabling atmosphere
Leaders do listen and are generally open to suggestions on how to improve
Manager good at putting lot of unnecessary barriers slowing down the work.
My department is good at identifying work arounds or micro-managing parallel activities to minimise the impact of barriers, but we are not good at challenging the barriers or removing them.
I dont think we challenge existing internal barriers enough. My present manager is not good at challenging this. I believe MSD is not moving barriers these years but introducing more barriers fx the build up of silos between Medical affairs and Commercial.
In a metric it is kept track of waste or cost actions but also opportunity actions which are shared with the group.
Lots of process some of which is undoubtly necessary- others not so much
we try but the business is so segmented it's difficult to push through the roadblocks
Unfortunately there is a high level of compliance - and more so a lack of clarity of what can and cant be achieved (particularly in the virtual world, such as virtual conferences), meaning that most projects are delayed and complex due to questions around compliance. The other side of this is marketing, where our messaging and materials are simply were not ready for the virtual world, and are slow to be approved due to medical delays and medical/legal compliance.
would be better to provide more flexibility working model especially we are paid by our contribution, not by hour.
Good open communication and reprioritisation where needed
A lot of work is done but it is not yet a top priority
I do think my department does a good job in this regard.
There are a lot of barriers to more effective working in terms of processes to follow, large number of internal stakeholders to consult and a hierarchy to follow.  It is not that my department is doing a good or bad job at tackling these barriers because it is beyond the capability of any single department to change things but clearly the system works for some people and is exasperating for many others.
Sometimes I feel my manager chooses not to understand when I am trying to discuss a situation as decisions are already made and they do not want to know the impact on the ground
While our is always flexible in terms of delivery our department does its best to be compliant. We are constantly being undermined in favor of delivery over compliance. Compliance should not be seen as a barrier to the speed of delivery but unfortunately it seems to be the case on a daily basis.
However many of the processes we deal with are out of date ,not joined up and cumbersome
As well as the significant resource challenges (avg week is 50hrs  per team member) our systems are not streamlined with the end user in mind, making them laborious, time heavy, difficult to navigate and not an improvement (e.g. SAP for QNs, or the L&D system when trying to make SOP changes) this results in significant production downtime. And production downtime cannot be recouped. We manufacture products and Paper, both of which need to GMP exemplary. Teams in IPT  need to align on supporting these aspects and not operate as silos for their own departments. This shift in approach ideally requires and core team of middle mangers who are resolute in cohesion of  delivery and lower downtime. Managers are too busy in Brinny; focus is consistently on metrics and not people.
I strongly agree with this. However, it would be best if the solution will also be delivered quickly. For example Smart IT, it's been live for a long time but until now we are still struggling with IQOQs/provisioning of databases that are on SFN.  Due to this, manual works are being done.
To many projects at the same time, causing mistakes left and right.
It seems like my department adds barriers that increasingly slows down work and adds pressure and stress. Creating silos and duplication of efforts.
Moving more and more into digital marketing activities it is also clear that some of our processes are hindering that. We loose agility by not having easy access and clear insight into our own data on a country level. We are too much depending on global and as a small country are not the first in line to get support.. We really should get better at piloting on a local level and have different levels of approval for for instance using online dashboards. All tools are out there, yet we want to invent it ourselves. This takes away precious time and energy from making an external impact to ensuring we follow the internal process.
Because it is a start up it is hard to tell. At the moment there a re a lot of planning issues that are barriers that slow down our work hopefully over time these problems can be rectified.
Too much admin therefore allowing less time to focus on sales
Little flexibility at all due to regulatory compliance. but there's always a limit...
I know people bang on about legal and compliance - but the knee jerk reaction to 'check with compliance' for almost everything is crippling. I find that most marked in the US/HQ environment but increasing in Europe too. We need to trust and empower.
Though I haven't been working here for long, I always see proposals been made and tools been done in my department to make our jobs easier and better.
Things are getting better as we transfrom into an agile organisation, but there is still a lot of churn and waste that can be addressed. I expect to really see the impact of this once we start acclimatizing to the new way of working. It is still very new.
Too many procedures continue to interfere with business needs, particularly customer engagement.
Tier processes are too much focussed on achieved output and not in improving daily processes
Department is currently implimenting a number of new processes such as Elog's, GLIMS, LabX etc which are slowing work significantly. Whilst it is understood these are essential from a DI point of view, they are still barriers which slow work considerably.
Steve Mizel is making untraditional decisions that moves the HR function to the right direction, still a lot more needs to be done to break traditional ways of thinking, It is clear there is more diversity at AHLT. The HR functions needs more attention as employees, we are supporting everyone, who is supporting us?
Many management layers, lots of red tape.
think our department is apathetic to our group - we are an afterthought in the scheme of things
The issue of barriers is less a department issue and more how we organize initiatives and priorities from the top down. Most organizational inefficiency is where leadership goals are not pulled through and aligned at the execution level and teams disagree on what their focus should be.
People see the value of removing waste but are too busy to support it.
I feel I am too new to comment at this time
The division of vaccine R&D that I work in tends to work in silos.  Not much sharing of info across functional areas.  This is contradictory to Ways of Working.  Additional barriers, include the overreaching safety constraints.  I am not sure if the people from GS&E who enact these rules ever worked in a lab.  Safety is keeping us from doing our job...job for years that was done safely to begin with.
Currently the move to SIP has created HUGE barriers that is slowing every aspect of a trial down as well as creating the change from certain tasks from being quick to taking exponentially longer.
Compliance and business operations appear to be disjointed and at odds with each other’s priorities
Restrictions such as number of licenses available hinders workflow at times.
Timely decision-making on internal business decisions can sometimes be a barrier that slows down our work.
I feel our department does not get the support needed. The IPTs we support often will ask for emergency orders, complain to SLT that if they don't get it they will not be able to run. We are asked to drop everything to accommodate. We pull all our resources to support the request, only to see the equipment we deliver to them unused and sitting for weeks on end. Thus indicating that it was not a true emergency
Lately the company has been adding barriers (policies) that make work more difficult.
My managers are the best! They work to make me the best I can be.
Missing leadership and teamwork.
My Executive Director is EXCELLENT at removing barriers and ensuring we have resources to continue projects, despite the complicated funding landscape.
We have a lot of systems and they are complicated to use
What does "my department" imply? I think my team does a good job to try to remove impediments, but the company as a whole needs to do two things differently. 1) collaborate more at higher levels to make decisions more efficient. 2) See barriers as a greater issue and not just as single one offs
At times, there is a lot of churn in making decisions about what to include in oncology submissions which results in re-work or late starts to development.   Also resources are tight meaning people are working over 40 hours a week leaving them open to mistakes
Too many unnecessary meetings that bring nothing of value
Things are ever-changing in Animal Health and I have found that it is very difficult to learn the processes. Lots of things are unclear and people tell you that they are there to help you but when you ask questions they are not helpful at all.
I believe there is little they can do as the policies appear to be essentially inviolable
Really operational focussed department, totally lacking vision
My manager does what she can, but the overall structure of the company often gets in the way.
I love my department, but I do feel that new technology (MStAT TLF Utility Tool for GCTO MW) is deployed for the sake of saying there is new tech without completely understanding how it impacts users. There is currently 1 piece of tech that is not mandated, but is considered to be the standard and it is so rife with bugs and issues that there is an entire group dedicated to helping team members overcome problems and a dedicated IT group that does the same. I am one of the troubleshooters and it removes hours every week from my work time. I like helping, but it really is a waste of time for all involved as well as a major source of stress. Further, this tech is encouraged to be used when the network is not in high use, so essentially, we are told to work off hours just to get it to work properly. When we run out of ways to fix any issues, the end result is to complete the task without using this process, completely negating why it exists in the first place.
Departments are too lean now and everyone is overworked. This has slowed down the organization and led to decrease in moral
There are constant set backs and halts on ideas due to the longstanding mentality of...this is how we've always done it.  It can be frustrating for staff as they generate ideas and concepts that they know work in other places but they can't be put to practice here
I consider that there are more barriers over time
In my opinion, we need to have less side tasks (equipment tasks) and focus on project related work instead. It would be nice to have someone on the department who is in charge for the equipment.
GRACS/RPE are very transparent and willing to assist anyone with a question or a problem.  They are the most transparent and cohesive team I've worked with.
I think my department does, however the PRT process is inefficient and causes too many slow downs
Some things still seem unnecessary
In field sales there have been a lot of new policies that have had an impact on our ability to meet our business objectives. Primarily the 12 lunches per healthcare provider per 12month time period that is “shared” among field sales divisions. It is unrealistic to be able to detail two portfolios of products (Chronic Care and Vaccines) in a shared setting. Often we have to share because of limited # of opportunities with a provider and now because of the “12” rule.
My manager is not capable of doing this. In fact, my manager creates a hostile work environment.
Immediate leadership is responsive to our needs, but  not sure if they speak up enough to cut the red tape at the top.
As a new hire, I do not have enough information yet.
Have product supply issues often,  approval processes can be slow,
Real change has not been implemented in data management to ensure we are getting data needed in a timely manner and queries are being issued that are not applicable so wastes site and sponsor time and resources.
Still too many restrictions; especially since we have been forced to work remote.  Get rid of the RAT tool.  I am a fully vaccinated employee who is still siting at home.  WHY?
Lock down is slowing us down
The restrictions that have been put into place around the number of FFM’s per provider per year is a major barrier. How MMF’s now have to be conducted without alcohol, unable to compliantly provide appropriate speakers is a barrier. No OTHER company has these restrictions.
Many of the barriers are in other departments such as procurement and outside our control
right now my department appears quite chaotic following certain key retirements and the institution of new leadership and rearrangement of the organization
Internal compliance is frustrating and seems to be over and above other Pharma companies compliance regs
The computer programs used do not work well with the iPad. Quite often headquarters provides instructions as if we have a computer and we do not.  Also, we are often told our products are accessible when they are not.  When customers reach out to our programs such as MAP and PAP, the are receiving terrible customer service.  I have heard this every week this year.  Our time is spent making calls to the NSC to provide feedback or trying to figure out who can help the customer.
Strong Leadership
It feels like I spend a significant portion of my time dealing with people who think that the rules shouldn't apply to them. Leadership encourages us to spend our time trying to reach common ground with these individuals rather than just putting their foot down and saying that the rules are the rules.
My department makes a good effort, but it's a big organization and barriers still exist.
Our technologies severely impair efficient workflow. The systems are not user friendly and appear retrofitted for another purpose. In terms of compliance my department is extremely conservative. To remain competitive I believe Merck needs to appropriately push the envelope instead of reverting to old way of working that are archaic from an industry standpoint.
New systems (Shared Investigator Platform) have made Clinical Operations more cumbersome and administratively more challenging. Investigator sites and users are frustrated with SIP.
Budget cuts and resulting increased work loads prevent ability to promote/execute improvements/ lean ways and automation.
Simplification on processes, balancing compliance requirements and policies is key to removing barriers to efficiency
It can take some time to remove barriers
I don't blame my department as I don't think they can change anything, but it takes forever to get access to systems needed to get work done because of the current processes in place.
Tools and IT infrastructure at Merck impede our ability to process requests in a timely manner.
I understand the RAT tool is in place to keep employees, patients and our communities safe, but it has impacted our ability to work and sell at the level to which we need to.
MY Department does do a good job at removing barriers, but when it involves certain other dept. area S  (e.g.Ariba is causing most of the slow moving issues currently).
Creating process improvements help expedite our communication and for a quicker response
Too much red tape with complex SOPs, guidances etc. that keep on changing.  Not enough resources (over-worked).  Too many different systems for tracking metrics etc (detracts from the crux of our work).
We need help with access to healthcare systems via the C-suite.
Requiring management approval of OCM’s is an example of putting unnecessary barriers in our path....don’t need approval for in person lunches, why for OCM’s
Compliance has got to loosen up.  We have resources pulled, are not able to be competitive with MMF’s, emails, displays especially virtual.  RCC has a paper for an indication not approved and EC is waiting 6 weeks for a detail piece on a 2 year old indication.  I can not go to live or virtual programs with Eisai. We own half of the product and the slide deck is from the PI.
There are too many steps for alignment before moving forward. It's almost impossible to experiment with all those steps.
I think we have a good balance. We need to go quickly but also be judicious with resources and regulatory risk.
Too many layers between country / local and global decision make while each layer could be a bottle-neck in the process.
The sales force makes requests that either go unheard or they take a LONG time to get. We are launching a product and there have been MANY mis-steps by HQ that have directly impacted by efforts.
I think the company tries to speed thing up in general, but doesn't reduce enough existing work to help the process of speeding things up. I see lots of "project fortify" initiatives that help to reduce non-value added work, but we get headcount reductions (headcount reduction is supposed to be a benefit POST initiative implementation) before the project fortify initiatives are even close to being done, which layers on more and more work with less people and shorter timelines. We need to be able to finish our fortify projects before we can reduce FTEs.
The inability to be customer facing based on the RAT tool does remain as a barrier for me to do my job effectively.  At best, I should be able to work in any area that is green regardless of what color my own county is where I reside.
Merck listens to our comments and concerns to help us grow and give us the tools to succeed despite some recent challenges that can seem limiting.
The field is ruled by compliance.   It’s a joke now the the answer is always NO.
Many of the site procedures (i.e. Change Control process, SOP updates) actively hinder the ability to change and consistently slow down work. The department is good at removing the barriers when able but from a site level it feels like more barriers are being built on a daily basis.
The barriers in my work space, like being under staffed and mismanagement of personnel and trainings, makes the challenges more and more difficult to maintain an up-paced production of quality and efficiency.
Our team tries to  remove barriers but hit road blocks with peer departments
we keep doing things the same way (lots of meetings), even though it is ineffective and do not improve results
Have got better, still need to make sure all the organisation is on board in order to achieve success with some of the expected efficiencies
TENDER1 and NGP are designed to remove barriers and improve collaboration
I feel that marketing is very slow to respond to the issues impacting the chronic care products.   Need to be more forward thinking and nimble while still remaining within policy
On occasion processes / procedures (while necessary) can slow down progress
The legal restrictions we have in place lately have greatly impacted our business and our ability to have share of voice in a very noisy and competitive market. In particular the restrictions on 25 people per virtual lunch, no alcohol at medical events and only 12 calls per physician.  The fist greatly impacted our share of voice as we were restricted from several offices and our lung market share dropped by 10% in one of our largest accounts due to the fact that competition could access and we could not.
There are two main barriers. One is that we are on too many projects at once. Things would get done faster if people were dedicated to one or two projects, as opposed to the current landscape where I am associated with nine projects. It takes a lot of time to switch my mind over from project to project since I have so many, and the result is that the half hours between meetings are often wasted because it isn't enough time to switch gears between projects and also get quality work done. If the department had fewer projects, then there would be less switching and more productive time.  Another issue is the sheer number of meetings that take place. Other companies have implemented things like "no meetings Fridays", and I think that we should in general promote blocking of your calendar, etc.
Our technical support and Veeva software systems cause multiple challenges in compliantly and accurately reporting customer interactions.  We continue to face “glitches” in Veeva medical event reporting where customers fall out of calls or medical events and it talked three business days and multiple interactions with customer support and your ctl to rectify.  We also have multiple customers CRNA who will one day be able to have promotional support for bridion and the next day after a synch you cannot report a call on them as the approval for promotion was somehow removed.
Merck’s “RAT Tool” has had my county red the entire year except for 2 weeks while other companies are allowing their reps to interact with physicians
I believe my manager does a great job in trying remove the barriers. However, we are undergoing a major reorganisation that is changing our operating model and I don't believe all departments are embracing this change. This unfortunately slows down a lot of our work, but it is part of any change management process towards the new.
Needless compliance regulations are a significant barrier. My department is totally siloed from other departments that we need to network with. This is causing redundancy and a poor customer experience.
There are global requirements that my department does not have power to remove.  For example, reporting the same data in multiple ways to different above-site COEs.  This is a huge time commitment for senior members of teams and does not actually improve compliance.
I am very optimistic about the future, as we get clear direction from our global leaders. Really appreciate the information flow, this will also enable us to remove barriers in the future
They try hard, but sometimes the barriers are beyond what they can influence
RAT is making it difficult to work. It has been a challenge to launch a product from home.
We try but there are many barriers outside of our control.
There are so many rules and regulations within oncology. There are so many hoops to jump to just do what other industry colleagues are able to do.
All Ireland role - different barriers on different sites make this process slower and sometimes more difficult.
Continued work and progress, but we still get in our own way.
IT is a constant barrier to getting work done.
The RAT tool has been a barrier and doesn’t match up to what is going on in the local areas.
The decision-making process can be further streamlined to improve efficiency.  This is beyond our department and applies to the whole organization.
Continually adding to the list of to dos and changing what we are currently being asked to do before we finish the task
We've improved our ability to empower all levels to speak up and resolve issues.
Our department can't remove the barriers that slow down our work because the barriers are implemented by Mother Merck. There are TOO MANY new initiatives rolled out TOO often!
My manager is always available if needed. The team around me offers experience to help me learn and face issues head on.
Always able to reach out to manager with concerns. Very supportive.
“Barriers” needs to be defined
Not all barriers can easily be removed. The department has done a good job at targeting the quick and easy ones, and there is a willingness to explore how to remove those trickier ones. Unfortunately, some barriers at the regional/global levels are likely here to stay.
My manager is a great resource and I value her feedback.
Burdened by processes or delays in decisions that slow down productivity
The Organon spin-off has stopped opportunities for improvement since much attention was required to keep improvement initiatives ongoing.  The eye to Merck's future was distracted by the Organon spin-off.
Too many compliance barriers are being instituted on a regular basis that limit our ability to conduct business.
we are constantly looking for new ways to accelerate or improve our results
We are adding complexity to our work at an alarming pace. Transactional level work is being driven to the Band 300 and 400 levels and the supports systems frequently fail, which drives frustrations among skilled professionals and impacts their motivation.
I’love to see all our educational resources in one single site and no spread out in different sites according to source of funding. It takes way too much time to find them when you need them.
I’m relatively new at the company, so I have not been exposed to many of those situations
Our processes are evolving so quickly with the implementation of SIP and the ever changing functionality of SIP that it is hard to know what the current process is, and keeping up with the changing templates is challenging. There are also a LOT of templates located in many different places, so finding things, and finding the RIGHT things, can really be a hindrance.
Even before the pandemic, the GSTC/GTO organizations have been extremely helpful with Ways of Working.  I LOVE being able to work from home, as it removes my commute and actually makes it much easier to get to work and perform all relevant tasks in a day.  Plus, from a safety perspective, I don't have to drive!  It's my hope that this will continue post-COVID-19 (there has been a lot of talk at Town Halls about this being the case, but I can already tell some in upper management are hesitant to allow this to continue.)
There seems to be a lot of discussion but we could be more proactive.
Far too fearful.
Typically it is other groups - CTT- medical writing that slow down our work processes
This area is improving from last year due to the leadership of Brian Tartar.
Excellent response to field feedback
There are too may meetings
The people work well to work around the barriers, but the number of steps involved in change control do not make us more compliant, they just create more work.
Some "barriers" are important alignment mechanisms in a large and complex organization that should benefit patients ultimately. But others are symptomatic of dysfunction: for example, every year we engage in budget cuts in Jan-Mar, only to end year with underspent budgets. Or, in preparation for forecast reviews, we are asked to provide backup slides and notes that cover every part of the business regardless of its materiality, in case a senior leader asks about it. The 80/20 rule vanishes. We need to be more disciplined about what we do.
But there is still a lot of room for improvement.
took a 2.5 hr harvest process and made it 4 to 5 hrs.
too many meetings. We need to improve our pace in activating trials. It looks like we are always reacting against the competition instead of we leading
restrictive practices are placed on the department that are "policy" and can't be removed
Many duplicative efforts when things come down the chain.  Duplicative Webex or conf calls
It is extremely disappointing that some directors don't know what's going on in the department. I have been assigned to studies to fix them because the former managers didn't do anything for several months up to a year. I have fixed these studies with no recognition which is unfair. In general senior management including the directors and executive directors have no idea of all the work that we have to do. Senior management keeps pushing with initiatives and some extra work that keeps just adding to our current responsibilities. When I have communicated to my director that something is not working all I hear is "we don't like people who make waves", "you need to suck it up", "yes, I don't like the system either but what do you want me to do? Go to Andy Lee and tell him that the system sucks?", "The vendor is just waiting for you to make a mistake", "Maybe this job is not for you", "Perhaps the grass is green somewhere else", "But we are successful and the company won't change"
Too many tech issues to distract from getting things done.  We have only iPads and the daily applications seem to only work well for those with computers.  Very time consuming ... even trying to find a site within Merck is time consuming and not efficient.  So much improvement needed in this area....
my department is good at creating barriers
I think managements job is to remove barriers not create them, and to be an advocate for their team.
Leadership is trying here on cutting down meetings and supporting flexible work arrangements.  There are still a number of little things, such as Safe by Choice and many MyLearning trainings that I think are important, but also take up time and can slow down the work.  It can be difficult to juggle all of these.
Rat tool and TDDD process have made us very inefficient as customers are starting to return to normal and the competition has returned to normal.
Need to allow more flexibility with email and virtual engagement for customer communications
Still very process driven, conservative, compliance focused.
We have become beholden to compliance fears making us less competitive versus our competitors when it comes to bringing education to providers.
We try to do this but constant checks and rechecks same information shared on many forums
Our budgets at $20/person took SOOO long to adjust that now that we’ve gone to $25/person during the pandemic is STILL to low. Take out prices have risen due to current situation. No change back to old prices in sight. We are BEHIND the times.
I almost selected Disagree for this question.  Example: eTMF "Inspection Ready" switch from the bi-annual report reviews - there is no way for the CRM's to check compliance of CRA's completing the new "holistic review" and as there was already some non-compliance with eTMF review/completion by CRAs, the inability for CRMs to easily check this is going to create larger issues on our studies.
Sometimes the compliance rules are very restrictive to moving business forward.  While I completely understand we want to stay compliant-it is difficult (for example to discuss 7 products (2 BU have to share lunches because of the 1 lunch/month/HCP rule) and have a meaningful discussion with some of our shared HCP’s.
We continue to have issues with staffing and procuring the material, mainly antigen with adequate potency.  These are major distractions and interruptions.
Some Toxic behaviors are ongoing since 2 years and this  impact work quality as well as create fear of retaliation. This is discouraging to the point that people are leaving the oncology medical affairs
I understand that we need to follow rules and guidelines, but the legal side of Merck keeps our sales down more than the greatest competing drug ever could.  We have more barriers than tools.
My department (Automation) does a good job removing barriers. But we often get new requirements from other groups that don't get properly streamlined into our workflow before they are implemented. Therefore, we end up adding more barriers than we remove over time. The requirements make sense, but the implementation always fails to streamline work so that we do not get bogged down. And new requirements are always being added. This has caused turnover, and will lead to more turnover soon.
I think we work hard to simplify things and there is still more work to do to eliminated redundancies in tracking and reporting
Often there is no resolve or too much time obtaining decisions in order to proceed
Our department (vaccines) is being led by some individuals without experience of actually working in the field in this market.  Metrics like reach and frequency are not important and show a lack of understanding of our market.  We are wasting so much useful time on field suggestions, target lists, field emails, etc.  Let us use our college educated brains to run our territories the best way, and look at our performance numbers as opposed to metrics that really don’t mean anything.  Allow us to send emails that don’t make use sound like robots and that don’t even fit the needs of our customers.  Let us have discussions that surrounding the needs of our customers as opposed to a field suggestion coming out of headquarters with no knowledge of the customer.
on one side we have great initiatives but i do not think there are clear alignments across divisions. In addition, there are more activities required with limited resources. I understand that we have to prioritize but I do not know whether the priorities list are aligned with various stakeholders.
Integrated systems must be a priority.  Many systems do not 'talk' to each other, increasing repetitive work and introducing entry point for error.
There is so little interest or ability at higher levels in anything that is a day to day activity.   Since just finishing is the goal, even if this is also just background deliverables to the higher levels, it doesn't matter the suffering needed to get things done.  Additional micromanagement is not the answer, we have plenty of that.  A basic and direct in person understanding of the rules and procedures before making decisions would be an improvement.  Maybe then it would be understood that the default position of taking additional work and or accepting other areas padded timelines while accepting far more difficult ones internally is not always the answer.     There seems to an official or unofficial hierarchy of people expecting others to constantly fix their problems for them, apparently since they are incapable of doing their own work.
Over the last 18 months more barriers have been put into place.  While the RAT tool was necessary at first, we have gone far past reasonable.  It’s time to go back to work!  Now with the 12 FFM per HCP limitation, it's incredibly difficult for some divisions with large reps/territory to make that happen.  I know data was cited to us that historically oncology wasn’t using all 12 of those anyway, but that data was pulled from a time when each territory had 3-4 reps.  Also, now we cannot allow alcohol at speaker events.  We are limiting and limiting and limiting.  It’s no wonder people are leaving to go to other companies without so many restrictions on work.  If simply the RAT tool would go away, it would be an immense help.
Barriers are mainly related to excesive number of policies and SOPs that often do not give guidance how to proceed in a local market and noone assumes responsability to decide quickly.
Having access to administrative assistants to complete administrative type tasks would be helpful, ie, filing of expense reports, requesting documents from the Merck library, booking hotels and flights (when we could fly).  I realize now that we are not travelling there is more time now available for me to complete administrative tasks, however when we return to travelling, my time as a professional could be better spent serving our client's needs and developing training material for our sales team.
Our Senior leadership in NE and CC is a very good advocate for us!  So grateful for that.
The challenge I see in this respect is the number of processes we need to follow, in many cases without project management support. If we want to be scientific leaders, we need to spend time on the science and have the appropriate support so that processes can be implemented seamlessly (to ensure we are compliant with processes and regulations), perhaps with more project management support, so that scientists can spend the majority of their time in scientific aspects rather than in administrative ones (which is what is happening now)
Too complex procedures Example - non US and EU countries have diffuculties to get file for registration for new drugs (it takes years after MA in these big marketes) Compliance, medical procedures not  aligned Medical has it’s own perspective not aligned with compliance and  business is inbetween.  Not that tranpsranet compliance procesure for promo activities - matter of local interpretation
Unfortunately, my department relies on support provided from other departments.  We do a good job at removing barriers within our group, but can only make other departments aware of their issues, which in the end impact us.  We, however cannot control how those problems are resolved since they are out of our jurisdiction.  Because of this, those barriers continue to remain in place for reasons unknown to me.
Forcing teams to have scrum masters and forcing agile by the book wastes a lot of time and creates more barriers. Also gig teams with a lot of leads create more barriers too. Also the process to get provisioned servers is super slow and literally stops our work for weeks for each request.
They do a good job, but there is still work to be done to remove barriers and allow people to make decisions (empowerment).   I feel like we still spend a lot of time waiting for decisions to be made at a high-up level.
The department has made progress and continues to make progress.
in animal health, we simply don't have the manpower in key areas to support our business, i.e., business operation functions
Too many processes and meetings.  Need more streamlining.
become better and better in Agile and discussing impediments
Most barriers that slow down our work in field sales are outside of our local control and require decision support and changes at the HQ level.
There are a lot of barriers that smaller companies do not face.
There are so many policies that inhibit my ability to do my job.
Can improve upon processes to enable more flexibility and innovation in work style.
Department has done a wonderful job of managing unexpected work from home requirements and developed processes to mitigate supply issues remotely.
The increased COVID measures that we have been placed under the past year has truly halted our ability to go out and perform our job like we need to be able to. Our competition is out there with no restraints and the COVID measures in place are getting in the way of our business .
To many processes that take way to long
SDLC is the monkey in the wrench for everything we want to do. It doesn't work with agile software development, and we cannot work in a waterfall world.
New processes are not always efficient (TLF tool, protocol writing tool)
I wish we could upgrade out expense reporting platform. I feel that Veeva and the T&E app slows down my process. Something like Concur would be much easier!!!
No solid examples come to mind either way.
Over the past year changes have been made to accommodate the pandemic and attempt to reduce issues with remote working. While I appreciate the attempt to reduce barriers, for the most part these changes have led to increased workload and need to learn new processes that have not yet been tested. For example, the RESTART SDV initiative is meant to reduce workload however the SDV 006 reports do not run correctly and CRA’s have to manually deduce which eCRFs are specifically required for each trial, which has led to an increase in prep time for visits.
limiting the number of meetings.
Our whole industry is too constrained by red tape and compliance requirements.
Projects through R&D take entirely too long making the products less impactful when/if they finally get to market.
We are challenged with the Covid-19 situation and customers want to see us live now, while our areas remain red
It appears that Merck isn’t nimble and often when resources are acquired it way too late. Be it managed care updates/information or patient education resources.
The increase in digital capabilities has helped
While adjustaments were made for pandemic and seemingly quickly some things have moved at a snails pace and seem to be irrational.
Some of the barriers are outside of the control of my department.
Barriers are addressed when able to, but it does seem that additional workload is continually added that needs to be addressed.
Many busy work and computer and training tasks have been added to our schedules that cross time zones and strap sales people to their desks leaving them unable to travel in the field like they used to do.
It depends - we have great leaders, who allow change and are very motivating. Others not.
We already have a diverse and inclusive team, so all of the emphasis on that is redundant and slows work.
The continued use of the Re-Start model is a barrier to efficient and effective monitoring. It is not exemplary of risk based monitoring and instead is very prescriptive. It is, overall, a burden. How the SIP platform is used is another, more substantive barrier, to efficiency. Document processing and site staff system provisioning are train wreck slow and burdensome to sites. It is an electronic system that might have been useful over a decade ago, but at this time is now antiquated. What used to take < 24 hours to process (i.e., revised 1572, CV, FDF, system provisioning), now takes months to accomplish.
Merck is too conservative on some of their views and action and we often lose out due to the slow response or change it take Merck or the department to make
Some of the barriers have been removed, I do feel like they have be slow to revise the ‘rat’ tool.  It doesn’t balance with local knowledge and is not up to date with what state governments are allowing people to do.  Has been very tough to schedule appointments not knowing if you’re going to be red/yellow/green.
My department seems to have several disjointed and overlapping systems that actually slow down the work.
The company could do a better job with aligning customers to the correct geography and getting rid of old addresses.
Personally I think that my local leadership doesn’t help that much to make things happen, because  doesn’t know  very well the market and he wants to take decisions without the right knowledge and without taking in considerarion the opinion of his team
We want to be the Best Oncology company in the world and we have to up our game on a number of areas. Too many obstacles with compliance and legal obligations. We have to have all those in place, but we have to do more to help our customers and their patients.
we try but we are not always effective
Operating under pharma policy combined with Merck policy slows business down.
We continually have my learning modules that are politically motivated - we are a publicly traded company. As an employee and shareholder, I want my CVEO to focus on returning shareholders equity - not political commentary
Because of the high PC security some of our support tools take a few extra steps to be able to use them.
Sometimes are SAP runs slow which tends to slow us down.
Being in Operations, there are several new asks that slow down operations.  A lot of times, decisions and tasks/documentation needs are developed at a site level and there is huge impact to the shop floor.  It would be better to understand at the shop floor level how this will impact prior to rolling the new ask out.
My department could add more transparency to allow access to sites for which I am not the Lead Site Monitor.  There are a lot of reasons this is helpful - I can cover for other monitors if they have an unexpected day out of the office seamlessly as long as I have contact information for their sites, if I could access their sites in our systems such as SPECTRUM, SIP, INFORM, and the different IRT companies.  Also it helps to have access to all the sites on a study within the eCRF (INFORM). If I'm not sure how to instruct my site to enter a page for example, and there is a subject that was enrolled 6 months ago at another site, I can then check what was done and see the audit trail and find out how data management handled it.  I've had that kind of transparency before and found it very helpful.
Slow processes, multiple redundant reviews.  Lets take a page from other companies who are more nimble!
each year, 360 project have become more difficult to submit due to changes in requirments
We have too many meetings. Many of meeting objectives could be accomplished by people responding in a timely manner via email.
My manager is very supportive in removing barriers so that i can perform my job
The FFM remote meal cap of 25 people is a barrier in this environment
Every week a system or process is changed, often times making the process more difficult instead of easier.  Also more and more tasks are added to our requirements and nothing is taken away.  I also don't feel like we use technology to help us, we work in an archaeic environment in this day of technology.  We should have more apps and databases to help us instead of manual tools such as excel trackers.
We are working towards streamlining our tier process & how we measure & track our projects, accomplishments, and deltas.
I personally feel like I have to constantly jump through hoops as far as customer specialty validation, sample validation, etc. with rarely ever getting a heads-up that a customer is no longer validated.
I feel in my department in order to remove barriers more insight needs to be sought from the team regarding future decisions that implant the organization.  My department needs to be more transparent with the team.
Some processes are cumbersome and timely, and should be evaluated if they are truly necessary.
DMCE role can be unclear and that vagueness has slowed down work when they are involved
Access to customers has been impacted primarily.due to COVID however - our competitors are not having the same issue - lack of access / exposure has negatively impacted our sales
Can’t answer a customers email for fear of saying some thing wrong and getting in trouble. So stressed to do something wrong, better to not do anything.
The limitations on who we can do remote engagements with based on the size of the office takes away a significant portion of my call points.  Unfortunately my competition is doing these appointments.  These office are only doing remote appointments
Management seems to listen and act on complaints that have been raised, such as the meeting burden and the issues with the purchasing system.
I often feel the data & contributions provided by my department are based on a significant number of assumptions which may not be aligned to by all stakeholders and team members.  This results in significant churn and discussion that gets in the way of decision making and actions.
my company adds new restrictive policies on a monthly basis that make doing the job near impossible and certainly not enjoyable
I think compliance adds barriers especially now.  We have such a difficult time in Oncology to get engagements and when we do...I feel our hands are tied.  Merck legal has restricted so much that it is such a barrier to get anything done.  If you want to be the number one Oncology Company....you better look inside and not the sales reps.  Educational programs...another joke. FFM’s and limits.....another joke. The barriers you put on the sales teams are ridiculous
Our department has anew manager and instead of being lean we are heading towards the old fashion way of doing work. It has more redundancies does it seems like we are less efficient.
Change is not always embraced.  More technical enhancements would improve things.
I think we are mixed on this.   There are times when we do this well, and other times where we actually make things more difficult for ourselves.   There has been significant improvement in the SLDC arena, but the risk assessment area remains challenging.   Another challenge that can artificially create barriers is having a clear understanding of the decision maker around architectural direction as we look to bring in new capabilities.    It remains unclear what we can decide in market (US), what we should deferring to global or cross-divisional teams
There are continuous road blocks in Oncology which is making our job harder on top of working through Covid and being virtual. It’s impeding business.
Personally, managing the team's capacity monthly and checking on their workload is my priority and the leadership team I'm on does to a degree-- this is not consistent across the organization. There is strong sentiment that more work is being piled on without thought to prioritization or importance because a few leaders want to look good. Everything is perceived as important right now and a bit tone deaf given the pandemic and personal impact that it brings to employees and families. The work load has not slowed down, it has increased exponentially. The employees workday has increased to 10+ hr. days to get things done. How will anyone fit a commute in when we're now expecting this level of delivery?  We're setting unreasonable expectations and creating undue impatience and being disrespectful of peoples time and bandwidth.
Our department is in a continual cycle of high level, bigger, better and expand the program and capabilities while the basics are in many cases forgotten about. The basics are the foundation of what we need to provide to our internal customers. The personnel we serve I believe are not being support enough to be totally successful.   Other groups we interact with and support are not open at all to our perspective. We are both on the same Merc/MSD but are called out by those who we interact with as driving up cost, causing delays and being obtrusive. If they would follow their own procedures in projects and incorporate the policies and procedures they have set for themselves and in many cases with the support and help from our group they would be more successful and the time, cost and overall success of project would be increased.
Barriers slowed down reorganizational activities that were needed after NewCo disruptions.
I feel like we are last to come to the game and follow a lot of companies directions.  It would be nice to be the first...
My department takes responsibilities of other department and always strives to meet the deadline
Some processes are slow and tedious - there must be a better way for us and our customers to work better together. Ex: literature - can there not be a catalogue of items that our customers can access (with set limits) so we don't need to spend the time managing this task? Perhaps and app to at least view items and submit the order for review?
there are areas that could use process improvements.
There are many roadblocks to doing my job.  One of which is the red green designation,  many other companies do not restrict their reps.  Also, other companies are doing live programs.
my department has many contract employees for positions.  Some of these positions have turned over annually and training is required.  This slows our work down.   We also do not have IT support for some critical processes.
I love working at Merck because of our people, our mission, our history and our science. To be honest however, we do a great job of putting up barriers that make it difficult to do our jobs. We are not very customer focused. We recently put in rules around no more than 12 interactions with a customer with a meal per year. That rule alone has resulted in the reduction of total customer visits in one account from over 100 in a year to now only 12. This is a priority account for me that is very large and sophisticated. They have an active CEO who likes to attend any meeting we have in the account and all meetings are required to be over meals. We have 8 people on our team and there are over 20 sites of care. They only allow one person from Merck to attend a meeting. Because the CEO can show up to any meeting we can only schedule 12 between the entire team. That is 1.5 meetings each individual will have across the entire account per year. That is down from 20 per individual per year.
Patient access to our medications-inpatient: full line vs drop shipment/bundle-discount pricing/outpatient: managed care coverage Medicare/commercial
slow decision times
The Rat tool has been extremely limiting this spring.  Lots of offices want to see us live and we are limited due to the RAT tool being red.
I think the department sees this as a need but there are some barriers that we can't seem to get around.
We are good at saying the "right" things but in the end we tend to do things the slow and tedious way, which isn't always bad -- most often, it's truly the RIGHT way.
The amount of online “check the box” learning modules is overwhelming
I feel my organization is taking good steps to improve work processes for more efficient use of our time.
Removing barriers at the higher levels is still a challange
Exactly the opposite, we continue to build additional quality gates and processes that constrain and take time to learn and incorporate into ways of working. Almost everything has the highest degree of quality even when it doesn't need it. High priced consultants come to Merck/MSD and are like "What is this? Really? This is the most complex, hardest environment they've ever had to work in".
Only certain people in our department are allowed to change processes. If certain people are set on their ways management doesn't allow change even if things don't make sense to continue doing it an old way! There is absolutely NO inclusion within this group!!
There is a lot of red tape that Merck puts on itself instead of sticking to outside standards like OSHA and what not. If some of this red tape were lifted Merck would be able to cut costs, free resources and improve productivity.
My CTL does a great job of removing barriers within his/her respective scope of influence.  However Middle Managers- DCO’s, OKAMS, MARKETING TEAMS, take an inordinate amount of time are really provide very little value which helps me/ my HCP’s.
Twelve RFM’s per customer/year across all sales forces? Really?
Escalations are typically effective, however the volume of barriers is high
A key barrier is IT issues. Additional investment here (better software, better help desk) would really help. I think we also tend to be too conservative as an organization with respect to spending resources. We tend to overanalyze existing ways of doing things rather than moving quickly towards novel approaches
I agree with this mostly. Sometimes things are controlled more globally that we don’t have the ability to change. Some of our processes can be slow and hard to know who to connect with
My immediate manager & +1 are great at doing what they can but the IT Financial process is always changing & definitely impedes the ability to keep up with the business. They are on a different speed than IT
I am in vaccine sales and for the past year I have mostly been working remotely.  Merck is doing all it can to assist us to remain in contact with our offices.
Yes, for the most part. But we are still doing “check the box” exercises that are not improving or changing our discussions in the field.  These take unnecessary time but we are required to do it.
Technology is a large barrier to my work, getting adequate computing power and new software is a difficult often 2 week long task. Additionally getting trained and approved simply to access data information makes simple tasks more difficult than what I feel they should be.
Some sales representatives are vaccinated but are still told to stay home.
Our team is continuously looking for smart ways to work and everyone in the team is committed to finding the ways that help us reach our goals in the best possible way.
Not working to actively remove barriers to seeing customers. Playing into social acceptance of pandemic response instead of reacting based upon science.
Since our group deals in the innovation space we consistently have legal and process barriers that slow us down. While we work to remove barriers they are constant
The RAT tool has been a major barrier that slows down our work.
There are a lot of barriers that we are attempting to remove, but have been unsuccessful (e.g. the RFC process for getting a PO or the difficulty of getting new vendors into the Ariba system.
While I agree it’s important to make sure the field is healthy and COVID-free, I believe we are missing opportunities to drive business.
It is difficult to remove most of the barriers as they were set up based on safety incidences, require maintenance assistance or are due outdated record keeping.
More can be done to reduce ‘transactional friction’ and we are actively tackling this age old problem in MRL !
Too many meetings and too much in the inbox - with all the extra curriculars and already the plate is full it is overwhelming
I feel there are a lot of  things like next best engagement and duplication of teleconferences that interfere with customer time
at country level, we are the funnel on which every HQ requirement are received. mostly urgent with short  time frame to solve or respond
My thoughts are they create and not remove barriers in the oncology division
Hard to say where things get stuck but compared to other pharma companies, we are not on the cutting edge of resources, topics, and usefulness of our approved content.  Much of it is mediocre. We need to use better contractors with more expertise.
I feel like my direct manager and the AVP of my group advocate for their teams very well and are able to remove many barriers that slow down our work. They have also opened new doors to enable our team to be more productive and influential, both internally and externally.
Getting the right information can be difficult and you receive conflicting answers from people.  My excitement with the company has become very vanilla and plain.
Field first is generally not able to help and cases get sent off and it takes days to resolve. Updating and adding new customers is a continuous issue. Customers are removed from call deck randomly with no clear explanation why. We are inundated with filed suggestions on a biweekly bases. I had 101 just last week..
I still feel that a lot of pockets here are rather hierarchical - things need to go up a chain, over, then down another chain. Things move slow.
Has done a great job with virtual engagement....could be a little faster on other platforms to engage with our customers
My immediate leadership team collaborates to find solutions to streamline our workflow when it comes to interactions with internal/external colleagues and documenting our activities
There is a lot of enthusiasm for doing this but success rate is low.
You cannot removed barriers when additional global driven projects occupy your resources.
This is an area that needs more improvement
The implementation of our Topic did not streamline processes and added a lot of confusion. I am not confident that our LT as a whole is ready to admit the shortfalls and take the necessary steps to make drastic changes. The change management for the Topic is from the bottom up, resulting in churn and continuous escalations that slows down teams ability to do work. I spend a lot of my time managing escalations and have to work overtime to actually get needed work done.
Sharing and collaboration within IT is still a work in progress. Duplication of efforts often occurs because there is little awareness to what other colleagues, teams, markets or regions are doing.
Too many vague suggestions without actionable items that leave us guessing what we are meant to do.
There is no understanding of the operational department’s and their need for support.  Most support groups like EHS, HR, procurement, GES, and IT almost view everything is there to support them vs really help operational teams do their work
There has no doubt been a slow and steady improvement in Merck’s ability, capability, and willingness to adjust in a timely manner to a rapidly evolving pharmaceutical market, but there are still some areas of opportunity where improving rigid processes need to be improved upon.  One example that comes to mind is still the manual submission of exhibit opportunities that required filling out the paperwork by hang, emailing to approving CTL, then CTL forwarding on for review by regional director, etc.  While the paperwork still needs to obviously be completed in whole by the representatives, it seems that an electronic portal that prompts automatic notification for review in a queue upon submission would help to expedite the approval process and mitigate any oversights.  Would also allow for quicker and more convenient review of their current status.
I continue to have system issues or platforms that aren't ideal and take time to navigate. More focus on high quality platforms would help streamline busy work.
Virtual MMF programs have to may restrictions which makes it difficult to schedule....limited number of attendees, only one customer per device, etc.
Seems it takes longer than expected to pivot adjust and adapt
I am struggling somewhat on COVID barriers. I now have two Moderna COVID vaccinations and still have to wear mask, socially distance, small groups, etc
Provides great resources.
There is still a lot of wasted time on unnecessary conference calls and admin things. I do have confidence that the new leadership team will help improve this though.
My team, Virology Community Liaisons could really benefit from having our laptops back
Department is slow to change and there are many inefficiencies that could be removed from the process, but there seems little action even when Mgmt asks for ideas to streamline operations.
I know Merck is a big company, but some of the guidelines that have to be followed inhibit some customer interaction and taking part in some activities that come very easily for competitors.
We do our best locally.  Our barriers are nationally
Prioritization at the "troops" level and adequate staffing with employees isn't ideal.
I think there is a duplication of effort between systems and a lot of overlap in populating dashboards.
Restrictive policy updates do a good job creating barriers.
I think the DETs do a nice job of listening to hurdles and trying to find paths forward - in pretty short time they have hired additional staff and tested new team layouts.
We actively look for and eliminate barriers wherever possible
it has been an improvement on working on removing barriers and providing a better communication
I feel hopeful that we are on a journey to improve
The issue of having lunches for customers during group virtual CME is a critical one that still needs to be resolved Another issue is our Merck Care program and compassionate - there are strong customer signals we need to change the way we deploy this and manage our customers
In a challenging year, I hoped that leaders would rise to the occasion of removing barriers for work. The 5YP process was an example that we are still working in a very slow, outdated fashion, or not fully utilizing technology. It's up to the employees to identify new ways of working, but these grassroots efforts aren't always appreciated, or even acknowledged.
Most of the barriers are corporate policies and procedures.  My department can’t remove those.
There should be a comprehensive listing of all ongoing team initiatives. There are various teams working on the same initiative which causes duplicate work.  It is an inefficient way to utilize employees.  It seems everyone is just doing busy work.
Sometimes it is out of our control
More complicated every day.
Yes, if it is within their control.  If not within their control, this is more difficult and often we need to go around barriers .  These barrier include obstacles to data access and getting the appropriate funding for prototyping.  IT and Global overhead are the main issue for barriers in my work.
Confusing direction with poor follow thru from marketing
Yes, but sometimes there are some regulatory barriers and resouces restrictions to move the business forward.
I think people are open to new ways of doing things. Sometimes I feel like people are willing to listen to suggestions on improving, but do not implement.
I feel like , a lot of time, we don't change the system. Instead, we modify ourselves to adjust to the system. It ends up that people who work hard get even more work to do. People don't work efficiently just give their workload to other people, which is not correct.
Not meeting the needs of the customer.
I see that sometimes we will do conference calls just to show we did a conference call in our district.  Sometimes these calls are just fillers of time.  Other times they are informative and worth while.
We frequently are focused on the perfect solution and/or fully de-risking  our decisions.  That can produce an excellent product but can slow down the process.
It takes a lot of time to complete and close out RFMs especially if they are remote RFMs. Sometimes technology impedes my ability to get my work done effectively and efficiently.
We have been trying to be more proactive vs reactive and I do believe it is the intent but when we see other  pharma companies doing things that we cannot and it impedes our ability to meet with the customer it makes us shake our heads
I admire our commitment to compliance, but other companies seem to interpret Pharma Code differently which is likely out of anyone’s control.
I have been working for Merck for 21 years and Merck has not been very successful at removing bureaucracy.  The level of number of approvals has increased over the years not decreased, the level of control in Medical affairs has quadrupled.  The company is more rigid than it has ever be in my perspective.
Our departament is working hard to have everything on time , but my understanding is taht we need to improve agility .  Agility can make a difference .
The medical education that is now all remote (vPDG’s and eMF) process is extremely cumbersome.
Not until legal and those at the top relinquish control can we reach our full potential a sales organization.  We do not work in an environment that is empowering. We are told to be creative and drive sales but we are limited at every turn. We can’t effectively communicate via email with customers.  We can’t  remotely engage with customers over a lunch if they belong to a large institution with a headcount over 25. We can’t have more that 12 FFMs with providers per year even though there are 7 of us in the field with 36 indications.  There is a giant expectation for us to gain access but we are cut off at the knee every time we try to make progress.
Transactioal activities are taking a growing proportion of our time
DCO and  CTLs have done a great job adapting to our ever changing environment
I know that we operate in a highly regulated industry.  But the Medical/Legal process moves extremely slow.  Often times we are placed on the defensive instead of the offensive because we take so long to respond to market changes.   So many decisions are made at the top & pushed down.  Made by people who have no idea what is going on at the customer level.
Limiting us to only 12 FFMs across all Merck employees that share a customer makes if difficult for access with providers
Still we have barriers in supply and diatribution
Our managers are evaluating constantly the workload in order to avoid reprocesses that could impact the daily job.
I feel we are still seeing silos and poor transparency.
There are many systems and processes that currently work in silos and when new systems are being designed input is not being solicited by all using groups.
We seem to be building barriers with compliance policies that greatly diminish work
Marketing tools are often slow to produce.  Our inability to share information to our customers that are in the public domain slows down our work.  Every single piece of information has to be Merck-approved and the process of PRT is a huge barrier to our work.  PRT removes lots of information through the editing process that is relevant to patient care in marketing materials.
Management is inclusive and gives me all support I need to do my best!
I feel that there are more barriers up at a time when there are obvious challenges with access.  For example, we cannot do a virtual lunch with 25+, yet many of our offices are virtual only and exceed that number.  Most GI offices are all 25+.  I also feel that if we want to compete in this space, we need to be on equal playing terms with competitors- and this includes the ability to get out to see them.
team building
Issues with training new employees and getting equipment repaired.
Some processes can be more efficient. System limitation are another huge issue
A little heavy on the layers of management who seem to be looking for things to do and seem, more than ever, not to trust their people to make good decisions as well as add barriers to productivity.
When employees are working 9, 10, 11 hours a day on a regular basis with and leadership does not address this fact there is a problem.  I believe they either don't care or they believe that whatever it takes to get the job done the employee needs to do it.  Either way, this is a failure of leadership.
I feel that people are not adequately empowered to make decisions or take appropriate risks and this creates an environment where work can only follow one prescribed pathway.  Any deviation requires multiple conversations and takes quite a bit of time, often with nobody stepping up to own a decision.. I'm new to the organization and when I have asked peers about this it sounds like there have been instances where a 'wrong' decision has been met with team members being embarrassed in meetings or management holding this against them for extended periods of time and feeling that they can never live down a wrong decision.  I am quite concerned about psychological safety and opportunities to suggest innovative ideas.
During CiC, need to do double-hat working so it's very busy to catch up all things.
I look that many of steps are increasing year by year.
Multi-tiered governance structures remain a barrier for rapid decision making
We developed 02 year strategy aligned with Vn MSD SOF, particular deploy ME FF optimization to focus on top Cities, key accounts, apply blended model for FF activities, apply L3 into marketing brand building, leverage digital channel to increase HCPs engagement for long term growth and improve OI.
There are some non-project tasks require considerable time and energy.
Too many of our applications have glitches that lead to delays in processing. Examples: WorkDay is like black box technology, where you have inputs, but no clear idea of what is going to come out. (Too many personnel transfer problems leading to budgeting issues resulting from incorrect cost centers. being applied.) Maximo's remote solution for the Mechanics has it's share of failures. (Data transmit delays caused by software issues that impact ALCOA))
I don't think we have barriers
Somewhat agree
The level of possibilities to remove obstacles is severely limited by the complexity of MSD and the company’s urge to control.
My direct boss procrastinates, but my boss's boss is great to work with
Our daily tasks will be challenged via workout initiatives that should help to remove barriers that slow down our work. I am excited to see these initiatives results.
Remote working strategies makes us feel safe during COVID-19 Pandemic.
There is a lot of bureaucracy which slows down a lot.
More and more barriers to do our job at a good rate are being put up, a lot of extra "fluff" gets added all the time while seemingly forgetting our core function.
I think my department does try to remove barriers, but the barriers that slow down my work tend to be from company rather than department or site.  There is constant changing of systems and procedures that add complexity and confusion rather than simply and are transparent.
Product forecast is missed
Our tier process , enagements and feedback  across  our department ensure that all potential roadblocks and barrier are identifed and removed.
The department is making an effort to remove barriers and improve efficiency however there is someone to go, with a need for greater system integration and consideration of the manual work efforts at the market level to meet Corporate changing reporting needs.
The speed of removing barriers is very slow (e.g. the provided support for mandatory (or previously highly recommended) home-offices).   I have to admit - it is not always fault of my department
my individual department is not visibly involved in any initiatives. only on the next level up, there is a lot going on, but our needs and secondary to all the efforts
I am in one of the newly acquired R&D divisions, developing software, and at the moment we are going through the processes to try and remove the barriers that prevent us from doing our job properly ... so this is a work in progress.
My department does the best given the pharma industry restrictions and the remaining (but better than the past) internal bottlenecks
Our site has been slow to implement modern IT infrastructure and this can slow down work. Our site is also extremely challenging for approving changes which can also delay starting new work. Our department does our best in these situations though.
Overemphasis on redundant procedures.
We are aware of the barriers but have little control over them. The main issues are not the requirements themselves but the competing computing systems that are 'over-audit' and overlap. In many cases SOPs are unclear (often referencing other SOPs or forms and documents that are inaccessible). Turnaround times on global systems are slow and often failure is built in as there is no clear workflow and no failsafes that flag to the user where you have missed a step.
We work with great haste and that causes some issues. We should take time to plan properly, get everybody involved onboard and then speed off, not do things and then have to stop and backtrack because it was not done properly. Managers need to listen, not dictate.
Issues that require enterprise solutions are difficult to move forward, resulting often in less than ideal local solutions
There are so many schedule changes, component issues, staffing issues, equipment issues that cause us to hit barrier after barrier. It is a never ending cycle.
I think we do, however the Global teams/support do not. More alignment is needed between sites and more guidance/support from key collegues at global positions (positions of influence)
I believe that my organization does a good job in this regard but feel like there is not the same support across all groups and functions.
virology sales force has not had isentress new promotional material to increase sales in very long time.  i dont know if barriers are being removed or there is no additional thought into this brand
Yes and no – with the amount of SOP's etc. in play, many barriers to efficiency are unavoidable.
We are burying ourselves in procedures / red tape. We need to focus more on what's important. Forget the nice 'no meeting friday afternoon' . We have a business to run !
I feel the department is trying to remove barriers, but we are fairly mired in it and not making much progress, likely due to resources being spread too thin to give it good focus.
Much progress was made last year due to situational urgency to adapt to circumstances, however, still some areas for opportunity to remove barriers
Slow IT systems, multiple systems that are not integrated, many separate queries needed to get oversight, focus on metrics instead of work-load people (or not having tight priorities, but a lot of simultaneous 'prio's')
My department does the best that we can removing barriers that slow down work, but our department is faced with a lot of new systems and new initiatives that are required by other global/off-site groups that slow down our work significantly.
I feel we have limitations when it comes to such strict policies. These are frustrating more for the customer and limit our ability to engage them. Specifically remote engagements that offer a small nominal boxed lunch.
The barriers these days are meetings.  And meetings.  And meetings.  It seems that with everyone staying home and available instead of traveling, it means that more meetings are scheduled.  And now they take place at 7 am or earlier to ensure that the invitees have room on the calendar (I'm waiting for someone to figure out 7 am on a Saturday or Sunday)..   Worse still, meetings are no longer respecting the time.  It's common to see them run over 5 minutes or more.  Bosses end up late to other meetings because they were held in the first one.  And there's no time to pee between meetings, much less think about a lunch.  It has become ridiculous.  I look at the calendar every morning and ask, "Is this a day when I can actually get some productive work from my "goals" done?  Or is it another day of meeting after meeting?  I do try to block time as "unavailable" to get some productive work done.  And I have left run-over meetings, simply stating, "I need to go".  But it's still bad.
The field sales force continues to take on more and more administrative responsibilities pushed from marketing
Heavy on Policy and Procedure
Compliance is an issue in this virtual world.
Our Department is starting to uise the automatic stock re-ordering functionality available in our MRP system. Unfortunately the current low resource cap is hindering this development. hopefully MSD will make additional resources available to in the short term to enable long term benefits.
Where control of barriers/decision making lies within our department, we do a good job finding improvements and efficiencies.
Department safety has lost the respect of the majority of the people in the labs, primarily following the botched response to cloth masks in VPD's labs. It's generally understood that Mike Kress made an arbitrary knee jerk reaction (no cloth masks in the lab), refuses to reverse his stance either due to incompetence or pride, and our "leadership team" and safety reps are either incapable or unwilling to have the difficult conversation to make changes in the best interest of the people actually working in the labs.
Silos have grown back over the past several years. Limited if any collaboration between different species segments  As a company we have hired people based upon a demographic model and not the best or most qualified applicants
The department has adapted well to deal with the restrictions imposed by Covid.  However, my department is significantly impacted by QSIP expectations that have increased the resource load and we have no control over.  The "tools" make the job longer than in the past - example SOP revisions in Midas were handled with 1 approval workflow.  In QualityDocs - we are now forced to have the SOP go through both Review workflow then the associated DCC must go through Review and Approval workflow.  That is 3 workflows versus 1 workflow.  Sample key changes are no longer a simple revision to the sample key form.  It now needs a GCM Trackwise event with action points before the sample key form can be updated.
We can always improve on this.
We are still working in a culture of No.  Management says no before even considering new ways of working
we still have some place for improvement on avoiding duplicate tools/controls and removing bureauracy from some processes
We are forced to deal with so many barriers that impede our success in accessing customers.  E.G. 1.  no lunches over 25 ppl (I have several customers in large practices that will only see us over lunch). 2 No alcohol at dinner speaker programs - no customers want to come out after a long day and not even get a glass of wine and no other companies do this. 3.  Teams of 7 reps plus  OKAMS is severely restricting.  Customers will only see us 3 or 4 times per year in many cases - now we have to divide that opportunity between 7 or 8 of us - it is impossible to form/sustain relationships and without that it’s very difficult to relay all the great info we have to HCPs who need it to help their patients. This configuration is also very demotivating to the sales team as we are literally fighting each other to just get to see our own customers.
I think we do a good job, but the IT issues are neverending
there is a tendency to not empower the individual to complete work or make decisions within their scope.
I agree but I feel that our SIP design does not do a good job motivating the field to sell as effectively as possible. I feel with a more focused SIP plan on driving growth we could significantly improve our Keytruda sales. My issue with our SIP plan is the inability to realistically hit large bonuses based on the SIP design. An SIP plan designed around knowing that you could hit 150-250% of your target bonus would really drive the sales force to be more effective. This could all be accomplished without increasing the forecasted 100% payout. This would just be an adjustment to the way it is paid out based on stack ranking the field and paying at interval percentages from 0% to 250%.
With a movement to global procedures for the purpose of standardized work, departments at a local level are reluctant to remove barriers that slow down work efficiency for fear of being out of compliance. Global thinking is not beneficial to the business as a whole.
Compliance seems to slow down advancement at times.  For example not being able to hand out invitations for our co promote with AZ.
When we try to improve something, we always layer on a new process that adds effort instead of removing "nice to have" steps in our original process. For example, in my opinion the SDLC process could have been reduced to a few critical template documents instead of building a whole new environment that impedes flexibility.
I think we try very hard to do this and sometime we are unsuccessful for a variety of reasons, such as GMP regs.  However, the culture of the Pilot Plant is to be innovative and be at the forefront of development and this makes innovation a part of the fabric of the culture.  The end result is the removing of waste and barriers with an increase in efficiency.
Merck does impose barriers that inhibit my daily productivity with my customers but I understand that a they are doing it to protect their customers, employees and self.
Lots of org changes taking a long time to complete.  This delay is causing spin and unknown direction
I feel we are making progress in this space to simplify and continued commitment to the realization of our digitially enabled, MPS enabled supply chain coupled with culture of empowerment will remove barriers we encounter quickly
We work together as a team everytime and for every assignment we have, we are always looking out for each other and making sure we all are doing great in our jobs.
Although we are improving every day I see room for improvement to  eliminate barriers as non value added administrative tasks & requirements, system issues etc
The constant update to processes and the way systems are used (eTMF, SIP, SOPs) make it a challenge to perform routine tasks and require me to stop and confirm the appropriate steps to accomplish a task
As an oncology field sales representative the restrictions placed on the representatives regarding programs with HCPs, education limitations, exhibit support and number of meals with HCPs has significantly put us at a disadvantage to our competitors. I respect the cautious approach to field sales activities and support Merck’s ethical stance regarding HCP interactions, but the most recent restrictions placed in 1Q of 2021 (on top of COVID restrictions) are not reasonable and inhibit the ability for the sales representative to adequately perform.
There is still too much process on how to do the job well. It's exhausting just trying to meet expectations and find information about what should be done
We are constantly encouraged to seek new ways of working with more agility and productivity, however, in my opinion there are still bureaucracies in some processes.
Right now the company seems to be putting up barriers not removing them.
There are many processes that do not appear to add value that are required and take away from necessary work. In addition, many additional meetings since WFH which impedes work.
Policy 3 restrictions have placed a major hinderance on our ability to work effectively. Because of this, physicians have not heard about important updates, staff does not have access to our resources, representatives have less of a relationship with clinics and the  Merck representatives struggle with job satisfaction.  Prior to policy 3 being in place, although the virtual environment is not ideal, it was doable and there was more job satisfaction.
VPDG, vFFM for office over 25, etc
We have been evolving into this Hybrid role and so much of what we need to do is via email.  We need to have some of the restrictions lifted in order to get the attention of our customers.  Mentioning our product without any claims attached should not be a compliance issue.  There is no feasible way to gain the attention and agreement of our customers for appointments with our letting them know what our product is.  I realize we have approved field email, but those canned mediums are very often ignored.  A direct email from me to my customer is much more likely to be opened and responded to.
Still to be seen, is a new team
Instead of removing barriers, our org. relies on us to create workarounds, or invest  additional hours to work through them.
In my 23 years with the organization, I have never felt that compliance/Med legal was a barrier to me doing my job....now it feels like a barrier every single day.  We say we want to be the number one oncology organization yet we act like we want to be the number one compliance organization.  The two things are not mutually exclusive but the changing environment requires we act quickly ..and we do not...and we do things in a new way..compliance needs to flex and allow us to do this
In general it is getting more difficult to get work done due to the number of people have to be consulted to make and chnage or decision
Sometimes we get in our own way with extra steps that are unnecessary. For example why is there a DCR follow up form? Does this mean requests are not properly handled?
Many of the barriers that slow down our work are related to the regulatory environment in which we operate. However, there does seem to be a mindset towards new approaches that focuses on why we cannot remove a barrier or remove a process rather than how we could.
We have a lot of limitations on how we can interact with customers.  We understand the need though, but it is tough to compete in this environment when competition isn’t as limited.
Sometimes there is a sense that we could use more the IT help to simplify processes to increase our productivity and reducing human error.
Currently our department was planning to call us physically to office amidst the COVID situation. I don't think my department thinks about people safety
My department has no control over the company’s use of the RAT Tool that is preventing us from making local decisions regarding the safety to work remotely or in the field.  This is a barrier slowing down our ability to connect with customers who are requesting in person visits.
To tied to tradition and lack any innovation
Removing barriers is difficult to do at Merck.  We are so process driven, that it's difficult to create change.
Too many compliance issues around new eMF or vPDG options
While I understand the compliance surrounding remote OCMs, the paperwork with sending reminder emails etc and attaching permission emails is overkill. Offices have procedures in place for remote interactions that don’t always align to our procedures, slowing down our work.
I think they try to remove barriers that slow down work but some of those barriers are process related and cannot be removed.
Animal health is restricted by rules governing human health.
Compliance seems to be a little over the top.
The RAT tool is a huge hindrance to my business!   Other representatives from other companies have been out calling on customers, at their discretion, pretty much the whole time.  Also, having it week to week is a horrible idea. I cant plan anything!   Most of my customers just want me to come to their office and do my job, they don’t want (and don’t have time) to do it for me to do it virtually.   I can’t do my job as well as I would like to.
Managers are being asked in certain regions to conduct 12 FCR, one a month with reps.  Never in all my years in oncology have I seen that.  It forces reps to give up apts so that a peer can have a manager join.  I am not sure why this rule was placed following a pandemic when so many offices are still virtual but it definitely adds barriers to the reps.   And many offices are restricting virtual apts.  I highly recommend a number of HCP interactions not be placed during the fallout from a global pandemic.
Our department is struggling with external partner for processing of data. This has also caused more work to do with in the department
Managed care/Medicare/Medicaid  - we need to do more to get our products covered
My department is aware of many of the barriers, but many are external to the department and so take longer to address.
I witness very good communication., openness, listening of the group among each other brings about the passion, drive and hard work to provide the best EQA support to Merck.
Standard work is great but can be cumbersome and excessive in some cases.  We need to find a little better balance.
I believe we have evolved a lot compared to our physicians. Many physician offices prefer in-person over virtual/remote interactions because of technology not updated, some offices have firewalls, and internet challenges. Sometimes I feel defeated because it’s challenging trying to meet the customer’s needs but not able to interact in-person.
There is still a lot of red take, however my management does their best.
There are some barriers that are removed from our work, however, there are also some barriers that are added to our work that slow down the overall flow of our work
need larger guidance on launch process and personal responsibilities for new products and existing products to new countries, specifically for PED and Sequivity technology. currently roles and responsibilities are undefined at the global level. this causes many barriers on how to proceed/even start as customers and research employees approach with questions.
LPDR played a significant role in accomplishing this goal in Global Labeling.
I feel our hands are tied on curtain parts of the job which make it hard to do excel
The # of mtgs that I have on a daily basis has recently increased so I need to use judgment on which I attend and which can be declined.
My department does not remove barriers to create efficiencies.   1.  My division has an aspiration to “become the leading oncology company,” however, my department does not allow me or anyone in our division to identify ourselves as Oncology Specialty Representatives or even mention the word “oncology.”  How can one become the leading oncology company without identifying oneself as affiliated with “Oncology.”  This is a barrier. 2.  We utilize applications like RXVantage to schedule lunches with customers.  My department does not allow the product name to be utilized.  The customer would be better served if they could associate me with the product and not just the indications I cover.  This is a barrier that slows down work.
Trying to do everything imposed upon us is a barrier that is inhibiting our priority work - to safely make quality product.  Sites and departments absolutely need the capability to make their own decisions
I sometimes feel that we over engineer our SOPs and process instead of looking for simple solution that would still meet regulations.
We seem to have several teleconferences...the good news is that most have a playback feature. Local teleconferences could be bi weekly.
Data integrity requirements seem to put a stranglehold on moving quickly
We always work hard to streamline activities and cross training in other areas within our group so we have greater flexibility when 1 area is busier.
I hear many say, “how can I help you and/or we are hear for you.” Then, you offer a suggestion or request for help, and the response is, “have you tried to do ‘XY and Z’”. If the question is sincere, the response should be, “let us try this or we can attempt to do this. Let us think how we can do this.”  The proverbial “we/us” needs to be offered in the response.
It doesn’t help if this is happening at department level, as we are not synced across departments, functiones, geographies, global, local...
My department's director does not understand the job values and slows down the executions to drive business results. Morever, I don't feel being empowered.
I have an impression, being in Field Sales, that barriers to me doing my work are part of parcel of the job description.  Being that I’m involved in regulated activity, the company seems bent on slowing me down.  That can be frustrating, but i understand it.
We can further improve our ways of working in simplifying our processes and tools management (in RA/Clinical/PV,  they are still very complex). Globally, we have too much SOPs/policies/trainings to follow and not enough connection  between MRL, GHH and MMD (organisation silots remain) and also within GRACS (between PV and RA for instance)
1. The helpline takes to look to get a resolution 2. Why when we add a person into GAS does it take so long to be approved- why cant we just add them?
When the pandemic started, Merck was exceptional at getting new resources to us, beside OCMs. Having the ability to make telephone calls and have virtual FFMs, changed the ability to work remotely. Fantastic response time to suggestions from the field.
Some redundant procedures.
Narrow compliance standards and barriers to develop and deploy innovative eResources.
Sometimes the barriers are OUTSIDE of the department.  For example, a process team relies on the analytical department to make decisions.  If there are communication issues/breakdowns/inefficiencies at that point of contact, it can cause conflict that slows down our work.
Medical Affairs is now autonomous from HH but bridges of communication and collaboration among those other functions keeps being critical to ensure success. Still a way to go with PDTs and other areas within MRL.
I understand the barriers although sometimes frustrating!!
difficult to achieve when there's so many changes occurring in a short span of time. Difficult to keep full picture in focus.
There are many things that can slow down or impede work we would like to do.  I feel my department does their best to remove them but some things are not able to be moved.
lack of communication/transparency is sowing a lot of unrest, which negatively affects productivity
There seems to be a "how do we achieve our goal attitude" in our department instead of nonstop reasons why something cannot be done.
Our COVID restrictions are limiting my ability to grow the business.
My manager says No first and then looks into answer. It’s very discouraging. It shuts down questions and/or feedback which leads people to remain quiet during online meetings. Then wonders why people don’t interact during meetings.
I feel like we have had more barriers added to make our job more complex....and not just because of the pandemic.  More restrictions on our job in sales and seems to be more about checking a box than trying to have relevant and interactive discussions with HCP’s .  Let’s get back to selling and talking to our HCP’s
Management is always open to changes in procedure that will streamline work processes.
Feel like my recent manager, Robert Wiley and my director, Jason Teckam, really push things thru for us.
As someone that works on an acquired company study, I sometimes find it difficult to get individuals to think outside of the box, as typical Merck standards do not necessarily work for these non-standard studies. Getting alignment slows productivity and the ability to get answers to questions in an appropriate amount of time.
RAT has been difficult for field sales. We have some customers that are willing to see us but the RAT will prevent us from entering their county of practice or we are unable to see customers because we live in a “red” county.  I realize that this is not a department issue because it’s a company wide policy. Just not sure if there is an opportunity to mention it later in the survey
In my case, i have lost 2 months and ongoing of value added work because of my supervisors need for a reasonable compromise on a simple problem
There are too many trainings, calls and live trainings which slow down our work.
Common sense and customer focus needs to drive decisions, not compliance issues w/low risk in the changing remote environemnet
There are huge walls put up between groups that are not there in other similar organizations.  For example, Sales reps communicating with MSL team
New policies and changes put in place always seem to slow the work down. I've yet to see a change that does the opposite.
Clunky and bloated processes for effecting practical changes create a system where problems are ignored by individuals instead of being addressed. The problems are more interdepartmental, but nonetheless can hamstring innovation and development.
There are significant barriers that impede my ability to execute tactics and strategies in a timely and efficient manner. Additionally, there is inherent redundancy and lack of clear R&R in roles.
There have been numerous restrictions placed on sales that hinder the fields ability to perform at their highest level.  Sales being an integral part of the organization, and possibly the largest generator of revenue, needs to have more flexibility (compliantly) and the company needs to find ways to allow sales to perform their duties, not find more ways to hinder it.
I recently moved to a new department, and have no observation on the department's ability to remove barriers that slow work down.
Over the past year Merck has placed barriers to keep employees from working.  The Competition is out and about but employees are not able to make the decision for themselves what they consider to be appropriate
Compliance is key to our success and it does slow down process because persons can feel “frozen” by the do and do not process.   We have done great work of moving fluidly in a challenging time and embracing varied ways of working.   Paperwork slows us and again we can be hampered by what someone perceives as a risk.
Merck creates barriers and systematically institutionalizes them. Barriers, impediments and risk avoidance is rewarded in a way that prevents me from feeling that my department does a good job. Unless you can identify a way to avoid the creation of new barriers from being made, I'm always going to feel pessimistic here. We're a highly regulated industry and we're extremely risk averse - those are facts
We have some barriers that exist still.
Many of the barriers are from our regulatory structures - we need to be driving efficiency in our regulatory processes, not adding new requirements in the name of "robustness".
There are functions within the Department that are not pragmatic about throwing up new roadblocks to efficiency.
We have multiple barriers to our work.  The first barrier is the RAT tool.  Our customers want to see us in their offices, and our customers believe that if they are open then we should be open to come see them.  Cancelling multiple customer appointments with rapidly declining trends and hospitalization rates, left my customers very confused.  Next, we want so badly to compete in the digital AI space; however, our content and method to communicate still needs to evolve quicker.  Our sales and marketing is very siloed and cumbersome.  We are not fast enough with content.  Finally adult learning says that we learn best in 3-7 min video clips, we should explore this option for customer medical education in addition to our formal medical education.
Compliance hinders beyond reasonable measures
It is almost impossible to challenge existing barriers (policies, processes)
We have several opportunities to point exactly what is in scope of our department and what is not. We are likely to never say no to outside requests.
Always assessing and training for improved processes and efficiencies.
Scientists need to do significantly more than their classical job description.Working on the "barriers" would be a fun and rewarding component of work if we rallied around them together and celebrated the wins.
My manager does a great job of removing barriers, but there are still many that need to be addressed. I am teeing it up to being part of a large organization with many moving parts, each of which has considerations with regards to how Merck operates.
Processes and procedures are very detailed/complex, thus slowing down work.  Also, department is highly dependent upon CMOs, and their performance and timelines are terrible and, sadly, outside our control.
Our sales leadership tries to remove barriers, but there are many that hinder our work that they are unable to change.  Examples include: limits on number of RFMs per month (this limits access and time with customers since there are many on my team), limits on number of customers permitted to attend a virtual RFM (due to the RAT tool and customer restrictions we must conduct many of our RFMs virtually.  Many accounts have more than 25 people and therefore we cannot meet with these customers).  These are just a few examples of  barriers we have that are not consistent with industry standards (other companies do not have these restrictions)
Still have work to do with regards to quickly responding to environmental changes. Merck needs to be a leader in change, not a follower.
The oncology sales division is suffocated by overly conservative compliance.  This has created a culture of apathy and stopped innovative thinking.
While the department does its best to remove barriers at work, the fact is many barriers that slow down work are beyond the control of the department.   Example: Recently rolled out Data Integrity requirements have made workflows excessively complicated because the needed infrastructure is not in place yet. The requirements are developed with the expectation that documentation and data recording is done electronically, but without these in place personnel need to jump through additional hoops to ensure physical records comply with the requirements. This results in additional rounds of reviews, excessive churn when approving documents, and more instances where personnel have to include handwritten entries and explanations, which ironically then increases the likelihood of personnel making errors.
At times, members of my department create their own barriers by repeatedly focusing on issues that have already been discussed and determined to be something that can't be "fixed" or solved for immediately.  Instead, many choose to continue to focus on the issue and escalate it and alot of time and resources are wasted on not being solution-oriented and moving forward with small wins.
One of the largest barriers that slows down our work is the promotion review process.  To be honest, our department is full of job owners who are beaten down and do not want to try to change processes that feel out of date as it takes a ton of time to document, escalate, etc.  There are times when we miss business opportunities compared to our partner companies due to how long it takes to get things through our process - partners who by the way are not getting warning letters for not being compliant.
Our associate director makes it very difficult for us to do our tasks efficiently and safely on the floor.
Not for Vendor Master . The barrier always unstoppable from the GPO , IC&C and IT .. The new changes is very inconsistence (MDG) .  Management & leadership does not understand what VMD are facing
In recent times it is as if the company is creating barriers for its self. Suggestions go to a black hole and micro management is rampant.
Suggestion and recommendation initiated but slow to react to implement and no feedback to responder
The team tries every opportunity to innovate and experiment new ways of workings but most of the time it is not successful due to the existing processes, systems and SOPs in place that impedes us from trying something new.
Too many projects and activities that rake up alot of time
By WoW program, we ususally explore what is the obstacle in working, find the solution together and coordinate for the progress
We try to remove barriers but sometimes it can be difficult to free up the necessary people and time to be able to do what we need to do. Also, getting the necessary support (from other functions) and funding to progress improvements can be a challenge.
In my department, everyone works towards one goal. And we have a friendly environment of speaking up.
We are in the process of implementing the QSIP topics which will enable more productivity in the future
We aim to remove barriers where possible, but this is not the case across other functions which we work with & does slow progress.  Not all functions work at the same speed or have the same priorities.
WE anticipate issues and address it before it occurs.
Our department since several years is built in separate subdivisions, all reporting into different COE's. May sound efficient, but does not foster collaboration, There is no sense of a common goal; it is everyone for themselves.
Working from home is the best we can do to ensure people's safety. However, MSD India's decision to ask employees to come to office when outside situation in India (esp Pune and Mumbai) is so bad, is really risky. We should continue to work from home until situation come in control outside and at least hospitals have beds to admit patients. People are dying due to lack of treatment. Then I think we should continue to WFH as our work is least affected by not being in office.
The intent is possibly there somewhere but the progress is very very slow and not always transparent.
For any compliance driven organization, information/content management remains its back-bone. Regulatory Information Management must to be strengthen to a extent that we can account each registered information related traceability.
There are many barriers and most barriers  go over multiple functions and cannot be removed by the department alone. The growing barrier is the same people supporting all programs
We have made a lot of progress in the past couple years, but it is difficult to take down barriers that cross into other department operations
It is a new group and roles and responsibilities are not well defined, creating duplicate work.
The policies in place are very limiting to doing my job effectively.  Our sales force is not set up like other companies, we cannot be compared to other companies, we can still have policies in place and adhere.  Limits can be restructured, ie lunches: 4/per yr per HCP per rep.
My department can only do so much to remove barriers, since it is really at the mercy of processes and decisions made by our partner functions- the majority of our work is reliant on MMD or MRL processes that we don't own. Unfortunately, we pay the price and the org suffers, even though we try to highlight weaknesses and opportunities.
It's not always possible to remove the barriers because they are set from higher than where we can affect.
Changing processes and structures not always clearly defined and causes confusion, duplication of work, etc. Also, variation on PRT guidance can cause work to slow or require reworking altogether.
The COVID pandemic has shown the importance of adopting new ways of working and virtual presence.
Just joined GTO from BPDC and first impressions is good on this point
Sometimes it takes too long to develop a new process when job requirements change.
in view to keep compliance, there are processes or steps that hinders efficiency. Our jobs cannot be executed because majority of the time is spent on meeting the compliance and process metrics. What we should focus on are what the critical business needs without having to compromise on the key compliance metrics.
With the new management team we have since a few months, I can clearly see a massive improvement in that regard. I think we are certainly trying - but it is difficult to do that when you have global and local regulations to adhere to. Currently, there are many initiatives under way to help with that. I have not seen or experienced actual removal of barriers, however.
Feeling like Merck continues to throw hurdles, unavoidable pitfalls and restrictions to our daily activities.  We all believe in rules and following them but seems like we continue lately to be given road blocks to our ability to do our jobs these days.
the RAT tool has been a constant source of frustration for vaccinated employees. We, as a vaccine company, give the impression that we do not believe in our own science, nor do we follow the updated CDC guidelines of being able to be around others who have also been vaccinated with or without a mask. We can't meet business priorities if we are not allowed out. The customers we see have mostly been vaccinated because they are in healthcare. We also maintain social distancing and wear masks. Our engagements are much quicker out of respect for the customer's time, and pandemic considerations for safe engagements. It also seems as though the sense of urgency to get vaccinated has died down. I think we need to encourage all employees to receive the COVID vaccine. It would also be "nice to know" what percentage of Merck employees in the US have been fully vaccinated. Field facing or otherwise.
Technicians are adding more and more meetings, projects, and testing that is starting to effect moral and overall attitudes with each other and about Merck.
agree, but nature of business with GMPs and Documentation makes it difficult
Our department is very short staffed causing barriers to slow down the work.
In the MAH pharmacovigilance department there always seems to be glitches in PV-Works, Citrix, Nice-In-Contact phone system, etc.   These greatly impede the ability to get work done and affect how we are perceived by our customers.
My department actually does a good job of removing barriers.  I am stating this as a "disagree" here based on barriers that are coming from the corporate level.  Current active barriers to Merck's business statement =  1 - ARIBA Streamline Support = The back end of ARIBA...is exponentially worse than ATLAS.  When issues are submitted, the support center sends out the training materials and then closes the issue with no true knowledge of issue status.  The support function, system and general lack of knowledge by the front line support personnel is beyond disappointing.  Time and money is being lost as all departments end up chasing procurement issues.     2 - "Blanket / 1 size fits all" Environmental Classification Decisions = When regulatory agencies stop taking calls because Merck has decided to go above and beyond...Decision makers and processes have to be reviewed.  This describes a business that is working in Silos and NOT approaching the business from a holistic view point.
LT encourages innovation and spending time researching innovative technologies, but middle management often discourages its implementation and sometimes cites lack of literature to support changes. Then, when that idea does get implemented 10+ years later, LT wants the group to publish on findings when by that point we have missed the opportunity to do so. Additionally, it can be unclear what the company pipeline priorities are for those supporting research in all of the therapeutic areas to know where we should best be directing resources; sometimes, every study is treated as an emergency by each therapeutic area.
We sell an $11B product.  When we say we need laptops to conduct more reliable virtual meetings with customers, a several months pilot seems very slow to get us the digital capabilities we’ve been asking for since mid 2020.
So many unnecessary projects or projects that can be delayed, yet all are considered priority by senior management  Management speaks to agile, prioritization, work-life balance, but makes little effort to assist in these areas.
Occasionally we are so worried about internal items and checklists that we take our focus away from the customer, our business, and most importantly the patients.
If Patient Assistance program/coupons/vouchers  can be mainstreamed/portal on website with Oncology within Merck - why can’t it also be set up for  Virology?  Virology has poor Managed care coverage and it’s affecting sales dramatically. Barriers such as limited number of FFMs with key offices, not providing samples- Merck has put the reps at a disadvantage against our competition.  Other companies provide better pricing/contracts which is also hurting sales.
simplification is not a word that we are able to use. Our programs are complicated and difficult for out customers and our teams to understand and implement.
I think they are doing there best to try to push back against policy 3 .  If we want to be the best oncology company, we are taking 5 steps backward with the visitation restrictions and the no alcohol policy at MMFs.
Removing barriers for everything except how we engage with our HCPs strongly agree; however, unfortunately barriers are being put in place (not removed) for how and when we can interact with our HCPs (ex. Policy 3, RAT tool)
As is necessary in our line of work, we have a lot of procedures and SOPs; however, the impact on some of these procedures does not always seem to take into account, the impact on end user's actual day to day.
I understand the the company is trying to protect us during this pandemic and time of uncertainty, however it is very challenging to meet objectives when we many times can’t meet with a customer due to RAT restrictions.   There was a new element added to the RAT tool that was suppose to offer some flexibility.  In my case I remain red and have lost out on the opportunity to conduct several in person appointments, that unfortunately couldn’t be turned in to virtuals due to provider and or staff preferences. I understand the company has been placed in a difficult situation and am grateful for all the benefits they offer us as employees, It is very frustrating not to be able to engage with the small amount of customers that are willing to see us live.
My department lead actively creates barriers and wastes time through dis-organization, poor communication and knee jerk reactions which reverses any work progress. Instead of a measured, thought-out, systematic, efficient approach to achieving our department goals.
We are very compliance drives. So it is hard to remove barrier that slow the work down.
Abnormal sales language, call note requirements, outdated spreadsheet oriented processes and multiple levels of approvals for business justifications slow down our work significantly
Merck creates barriers to slow down our work.  So many restrictions are in place.  Merck oncology reps operate from a place of fear in making even an honest mistake in following policy letter 3.   Merck will give us a resource like Virtual Pdg or exhibits, but makes the process so incredibly difficult to set up.  It’s so time intensive and stressful.  Reps  dread the process of setting it up rather then looking at it as a sales opportunity.
Not enough study support for scientists
We need to get a better line of communication with compliance
Email is still a challenge with compliance
We seem to have become bogged down in slow response by compliance/legal to get information out to those who need it.
We still face significant slowdowns from the Cloud operations and networking teams. This has still not improved. Work done for us is not tested for completeness or quality. Similar processes are done differently and not done following SOPs which creates confusion within our team.
Simplicity and sharp focus are the key for exceeding customers’ expectations
The department does a good job, but there are some barriers that go across departments and groups that are harder to remove
We move at a turtle pace and discuss things in meetings for hours multiple times a month that could easily be handled with one meeting or a couple of emails. The amount of work that could be completed through more automated technology is incredible.
We strive to look for ways of reducing administrative burden but it takes so long sometimes and in some cases the culture  layers on even more.  The general feeling that the company can't take any risks with safety often creates an overburden with some guidelines being so stringent they're nearly impossible to achieve.  There is a risk that barriers could impact business being able to work optimally.
There are times where the barriers are more work but no guidance or procedures to help make that work successful, so it goes slowly but does make improvements.
We have the need for more study managers.  There is a lot of discussion but little action on solving this gap.
I think there is an opportunity for better alignment of priorities between the Supply Chain Excellence, Above Site Planning, and Site Planning organizations.
There are SO many barriers that are out of my immediate group's control
Way to much Risk Management. Policies overlap and severely limit our ability to conduct even basic business functions.  Examples - Remote Exhibit policies, limits on domestic travel to conduct business.  Some reviews of potential content take so long and go through so many attorneys that its not worth even starting the process.
managers constantly pull everyone off the line for useless meetings during the critical time of doing end of batch challenges and ending the batch, resulting in employees losing their focus. The managers also try to get employees to disregard their training and standard operating procedures just so an employee does not have to wait foe someone else to finish their respective jobs.
Overloaded with day-to-day tasks and ad-hocs we don’t have time to invest in improvements
We have an opportunity to get better at working with multiple departments together to understand how one decision can affect another.
They have a bad routine
At this tome we are going thru a difficult integration process, and inevitably at this stage there are issues and obstacles that are challenging overcome
Compliance. Zero risk is easy to manage. We need to find an acceptable level of risk.
sometimes it takes a long time
Sometimes the department process cause the work to slow down.
many barriers are not in our scope such as global systems, trackers and many area initiatives which are good but requires a lot of preparation and work, and of course the my learning courses that not always really needed for my actual daily work.
The size of Merck makes for slower work
Still some room to improve as there are still too many steps in getting approvals. Totally agree keep in compliance is key but there are duplicate steps that can be removed.
I think we talk about it and acknowledge we want to but actually making it happen is a different story as we are so restricted based on global processes
Provides a very conducive working environment
We have similar / same direction towards to the future
Our processes and internal policies are often what slows us down in delivering in a truly agile and customer focused manner.
Barriers are put in place by company processes
SCM did a great job to minimize discard and mitigate any risk of stock out for most markets.
Except multiple platforms requiring multiple passwords, every thing is very fast.
For the most part I agree, however over the long term I think it would be better to more thoroughly integrate with the commercial team.
Makes simple things complicated
There is scope of improvement in certain execution and approval process at the end of Finance team and execution of sales awards timely.
this question cannot be limited to a single department since most of impactful changes require cross-functional approval. The answer addresses the wider context.
as a "central" function, we are challenged with how to adjust priorities that are coming from other groups.
The organisation should place stronger emphasis and shift its focus to access from traditional commercial and marketing efforts. CFT and senior leadership should appreciate the importance and complexity of access, and have good foundational knowledge around access across different market archetypes (HTA and self-pay), which would help facilitate CFT efforts in enhancing access. At the same time, CFT and senior leadership should empower Access teams in fulfilling their roles and responsibilities (and resource accordingly), instead of creating additional teams and workstreams that are not familiar with the access environment and market dynamics
Ethan and other employees are making day of work for everyone. And it seems he is enjoying it a lot
Although we've made great progress in this department, we could definitely do more.
I miss stop doing initiatives - I can observe we are simply adding new responsibilities not decreasing any other.
My department is doing a good job, however, I think, external factors are not always doing a good job on that.
our workload is increasing
We are doing good, but need to get better in this process. To start celebrating success in removing barriers and making it visible to the team will help in creating momentum.
the increasing complexity makes it hard to remove barriers feels like adding them
Too much admin tasks takes time away from customers
barriers are not easy to remove, although our BU tries hard.
Barriers are an integral part of any activity and are present at any level. This is a sign of a "living organism". But my colleagues are great professionals and are adept at managing barriers.
Many work has increased in last few months
Some departments are still in a Silo, it is hard to complete work across some departments, particularly IPT
Lots of regulatory red take, that is very time consuming
Hard to tell. There are dozens open project for improvement and automation, however there is no transparency, so as P3 in BSC finance i do not have visibility on what is going on and what is the plan for MSD after the organon spin off date
But still many barriers between commercial vs Medical&legal. Need to be addressed in order to boost productivity and fun @ work.
I don’t think so
team dynamics are good and we constantly try to find new ways to collaborate better and be more efficient as a group
Fluctuating volumes and changing product configurations make it hard to plan
Merck and MSD are very complex, siloed organizations. Frequently we do things in very complicated way that slows down the speed of necessary change
It depends on the problem we faced, some are solved very fast with some we have a problems.
Try to find new way to operate
sometimes, we lose sight of the overall picture and operate in our silos......ops/tech are very collaborative but liaison with other groups ie QA, can be less straight forward
With so many competing priorities we are still able to move forward on many fronts
I think there are great initiatives, but they are getting lost along the way when 'real' priorities are set.
Identifying them Yes, removing them, No.
My department makes a valiant effort to remove barriers, but they alone cannot implement such changes. Usually two or more departments need to get aligned for impactful changes to be implemented.
Limiting to 12 customer engagements a year, is not in alignment with other companies
Compliance is complex and we are far too risk adverse - in the current climate where we are trying to engage with customers remotely it is sometimes near impossible with all the regulations. Meanwhile our competitors seem to be able to do so much more...
we proactively work in an agile fashion with the groups at site to understand the barriers and agree on a path forward
The leadership in RAI HQ is fantastic!
Middle man is creating .. district
This is currently an area where we are working across oncology.  The desire is there, but can be difficult to execute.
A lot of the barriers in my department are FTE related - we need more people which is a constant struggle.
change control process delays a lot of changes (although i understand change management is necessary).  they do well with what they can control though.
Too many processes with limited operation/study manager support
could be better with improving timely responses for working together to make the group's ways of working more efficiently.
not really - too many hoops to jump through and too many trying to take credit for any new items
The change control process along with regulatory are extremely cumbersome and difficult to navigate
In this last year, I had the opportunity to be a part of the V59X and MK-7110 programs. These programs showed me that there are really are no barriers when a team is united in its mission to save and improve lives. These barriers appear when we stray away from our company's mission and lose sight of the big picture of patient health.
Virtual programs have too many barriers otherwise I would agree more stongly
In India there is in rate cutting in market but hats off our MD , director and HO Pune team they did fantastic job and take strong action now our work is up to mark
I feel like the company (not my department) could do a better job with either eliminating the RAT tool or just making it a recommendation not an absolute roadblock to interacting with customers. If we are vaccinated we shouldn't be prohibited from interacting with customers if our county is red. Our customers are fully vaccinated! We should be following the science and the way states are determining red/green is inconsistent and subjective.
There has been marked improvement, but we're still prone to excessive planning  that still seems to be rooted in the fear of failure/not having it perfect before implementing.
Sometimes, the internal client is more important than the external client.
With layoffs, removing equipment, frequent site moves, they have created barriers and stress. We don't have a clear department vision (or it lacks transparency for most us).
I feel that we could do a better job in dealing with employees who become barriers.  Managers need to do a better job in providing strong feedback when employees remain in a silo--that  slows down our work
There are always barriers that slow down work. They never stop. The biggest problem is the department is short staffed and overworked. Additional personnel would solve 90% of the barriers that  we encounter
With the pandemic, Merck has been slow to adopt multiple platforms online. Also, some of our competitors have been more innovative and have done some above and beyond things that we have not been able to do because of compliance
The PRT backlog limits our ability to quickly respond.  Throughout the pandemic, we produced relevant items but in each case they arrived after customers found other answers and, in each case, were more limited and later than what our competitors offered.
Internal procedures change every year, too many changes.. takes half the year to understand and adapt before we can start working
So many limitations and new activity metrics.  We are so internally focused - the amount of meetings we have with internal stakeholders takes us away from being customer focused.  And yet our performance metrics are so high (G9 and vaccines) the pressure to perform is omnipresent.
Barriers are addressed but in the case of the HIT resources they are not available for routine use by the field.
There is a significant delay related to our processes.  Even things as simple as SAP approvals take a long time (Procurement reps especially).  I find myself spending about 1/2 my time chasing down people for responses to emails that I find are left unread.  It's frustrating, and there is no one working on improving this, and it starts at the top.
Technology continues to be a problem.  It slows down our work to not have adequate technology for our business use.  On the vaccine team, our ipad pros are old and “buggy” and with the detail included in our media, the screens are far too small.  Additionally, it would be much more efficient to have laptops for use of MS office software instead of the apps which do not have the full functionality.
My department - yes. The company and above site organizations (IT, QSIP, IPI etc) not so much. The largest barrier is the implementation of multiple parallel systems that are redundant and they are never fully commissioned or fully decommissioned. Example: change control process / GCM. There are 3 parallel systems: IPOI, Trackwise and paper, and safety has its own system (thats 4 systems for the same thing).
My department does a good job within it's own scope/abilities, however the big exception is that of the ARGUS technology limitations (not within our scope/ability to do something about) which causes my team to perform manual work arounds outside and inside the safety database in order to meet regulatory requirements.
I’m not certain what “my department” includes but if Compliance is included as part of “my department” then they are adding barriers that slow down our work not removing barriers.  Case in point the new restrictions to dinner programs.
Medical approval remains a bottle neck for our franchise
lot of processes and meetings
We are trying as a global organization and I hope trending in the right direction, however we are not there yet. Barriers, and process hurdles continue to slow us down.
I know we are conservative in our approach to marketing our drugs but still I feel we need to speed up our ability to respond quicker to a changing environment.  Eg... remote lunches, it took longer for us to adapt to the market place and they made it as unappealing as possible to try them out at first.
The workload has increased 3 fold but we are getting no resources to help. Burntout is high and team demoralised - first time ive seen this in 9 years. We need more people resources.
I think they can do better, there is a lot of churn because of internal processes and precedent ways of working. I think if there was more flexibility to try new ways of working and more input gather from the actual job owners there could be great progress in removing barriers.
Some resistance to change, but overall, department is looking for new and innovative ways of working
We try but there are still factors holding us back.
More headcount will be needed with upcoming development timelines. More integration of Machine Learning / AI will be useful, but needs to have formal training given to implement correctly.
I do not think it is departmental related.  I feel that the compliance barriers are becoming overwhelming, especially our relationships with colleagues at AZ
We need to rethink the process, tools and the way we do our daily tasks. There is a lot of rework, redundant mails and notifications, we need to speed up the development of programs by using version control tools, centralized repositories of code, we use inadequate tools for creating reports code
Policy 3 barriers are more conservative than other companies.
Yes.  But also a lot of initiatives that can take away people's time.
A lot of redundancy on our team - resending communications received by HQ, weekly calls/emails to discuss the same topics we’ve just reviewed.  All of this takes time away from our ultimate goal: to interact with our customers!
In some cases, yes I think internally we do that well; however, in terms of presenting a strong, unified front to remove barriers with partner groups I do think there is work to do.
Too much duplication of data entry required.  Systems do not link or "talk" to each other.  This is a waste of time and distracts from getting work done
No more physical coupons for diabetes while giving limited tear off sheets for web based ones.  Chronic care is managing 5 different franchises soon to be 6 with 1 representative.  This is not sustainable
The accounting system for customers could be better - linking clinics, updates addresses, etc falls under responsibility of rep when that could be handled at much higher level
too many processes, not enough support and uniformed tools for tracking
We need to be out in the field with our customers....the red green yellow system has served its purpose and should be done now....all our competitors have been out almost the whole past year....we are mostly vaccinated and need to reconnect....our competitors are getting the advantage by being in front of our customers consistently
In the Oncology Business Unit there have been more roadblocks put up that make it harder for me to accomplish my work. Examples include not enabling sales data to be shared across sleeves and the absence of Q6W customer data to be shared with the field beyond OKAM's.  This is a question for Wendy who made such an emphasis about the importance of Q6W dosing at 1S.  Was she not aware that the largest group of internal customers who needed info on Q6W, OSRs/CTLs, aren't allowed to see the data we buy from a 3rd party?  It's beyond ridiculous and foolish.  Also, being unable to see Keytruda data across sleeves is couched in "compliance" terms for why we can't see it. Its really so stupid since it is non-clinical information, we are trained on the full PI anyway and customers do not see us for our indications...they simply see us as "Merck" or "Keytruda".
New ways of working are always promoted. Strong collaboration and team working
Barriers are identified and actions taken to overcome these.
Its practically IT's job to put up barriers
Very slow to accept and utilize new technology, no real hands on training for older generations
Because there are so many different systems, I feel like there is never an opportunity to master any of them. All of them are unfamiliar each time they're accessed, which leads to confusion, especially ones that we don't access often.
I don’t believe that they listen
We are at a competitive disadvantage because of our processes
Salesforce is a great tool. However,  software and tools could be upgraded to be more efficient for the hospital team and more useful for the news of working. ie Hybrid, etc..
Conservative approach to everything we do.  Innovation is encouraged, but rarely implemented.
RAT tool  , Policy 3 and 25 people and under for Virtual Lunch meetings,  is restricting our ability to do our job.
Most notable are the barriers caused by IT issues. There are many.
Unable to have lunches for more than 25 virtually limits our ability to do our job.  There are so many barriers that it is practically impossible to support our customers.
Over the last 12 months I've seen more and more barriers, processes, groups, reporting layers etc. be erected. Work is actually harder to know than it was when they first started talking about wanting to make it easier and fast to our work. Because the leaders don't really understand and see it first hand or talk to the people that are doing the work they don't understand that. They only see a story that is created and filtered by the various reporting layers. Our senior leaders don't understand what  it really takes to do the work.
My current dept. makes every effort to do this. While not always possible and the system brick walls can be frustrating, the will is there.
This is a struggle for my department.  However, the ways of working have at least provided language and guidance on how to frame discussions to make progress.
I feel my manager does very well at this, but in general we do not do a good job of lessening internal work to allow us to focus on our primary responsibilities of meeting customer's needs and selling products.
My goal in IT is to get to the problems ASAP and fix them immediately
While doing our business the right way is critical -- we tend to build a higher road than others which leads to unlevel playing fields -- and confusion from our customers as we act differently than other pharma.
Our company does not believe in promoting people (and they've said so). Instead they expand your job functions and maintain your old title and compensation.
too many layers (which vary per site).  Need to align with other departments on goals and ways to achieve Expedition 25.
Rules are over the top
We are getting better but there are still too many instances where it is difficult to determine who can remove the barrier encountered. It isn't always clear who is the process or content owner.
It seems like we are getting overwhelmed with internal communications, meetings, etc.   I submit that we should go back to when Tuesday-Thursday are off limits to internal calls, meetings, etc. so that we can focus on our customers and business.
My boss does a great job of making sure barriers are removed.  However, I feel we're having to do more with less since the organization has contracted/Organon movement resulting in less time focusing on the team because I'm constantly fighting fires or working on projects outside my role.
We all need to be in the same page, all the departments, all the employees.
I feel as though I can’t make decisions without manager approval on just about everything. I am trusted to do an important job so I wish I could have trust to do it.
I feel the the OMC has been evolving these past few years more then ever.  I mean in the sense where we all are questioning the work we have done for years the same way and challenging things to see if there is a way to "GROW", which has lead to many time saving improvements.  Such as the bot process for indirect customer's expired return checking.  That alone saves the Returns steward 6 hours a week from just ending manual manipulation of data.
Management is very supportive and fast in assisting with challenges
processes are to silo'ed and are complicated, therefore slowing down overall progress forward
In General yes. However, sometimes we need to do a better job pushing our partners (i.e. central lab or imaging vendor) to be more supportive by making sure they achieve their committments building lab kits and for delivering on PD-L1 testing according to timelines. Lately the central lab vendor have been having issues delivering on their lab kits for studies and we need to scramble to get kits from other sites to transfer which creates alot of burden for sites and the local country sponsor team.
The removal of  embedded Documentation Specialists places a large administrative burden on the Scientists, where they have to either perform work previously done by the Doc Specialist or complete request forms for each thing that requires Doc Specialist support.  This is especially challenging for tasks that are not performed on a routine basis (e.g. commitment entry) where the Scientist has to remember/relearn the process each time. The systems we use to work are very cumbersome, especially change management.  We also seem to continuously change systems and/or processes, making it difficult for employees to truly master their jobs.   There is a lack of visibility in terms of how the systems/processes work and connect to each other and the overall beginning to end work process.
Working from home is new to a lot of us. The team sometimes still struggles with too many meetings being scheduled that fill up the entire day and don't leave time for other independent tasks.
There are times when we places barriers that go beyond comparative industry norms and this can slow down or impact our ability to conduct business
Too many restrictions are in place to meet  customers needs
some barriers (such as system issues) are not within our control.  system issues are our biggest barrier - for example - inability to get reliable headcount data.
I think my department does not rethink ways to innovate to remove those barriers Once a barrier goes up the dept is at a stand still and does not try to rechallenge or think of ways around the barrier
There are too many updates, changes happening especially during this very challenging times that the good intention gets muddle down. I am inundated from different silos and senior leadership who are trying to prove their innovation to streamline but it gets lost in translation.
We constantly depend on the USA and global team to implement
I believe that my division tries to remove barriers but the reality is I feel like there are too many internal calls/ webex at times and I can’t find long solid periods of time to complete customer outreach and discovery.
Culture and teamwork between PRT and Commercial is improving slightly over time, but still significant room for improvement.
We meet once a week to collaborate.
There is so much legality associated with anything we do, it is a barrier to sharing & learning & staying abreast of what is happening in the market we are selling in. We should be able to talk about unapproved data and news articles on conference calls & should be able to email such things to colleagues labeled “confidential. For background use only”.
Our department does a stellar job removing strategic business challenges or barriers. Although, in terms of emotional, or even racially provoked traumatic barriers that do exists to many employees of color, many managers and leader (not of color) struggle to empathize, understand, and find important enough to dedicate resources to resolve these types of barriers that slow down productivity at the marginalized employee level... even when these issues are voiced and an attempt to promote a resolve has been suggested.
Too many unnecessary bureaucratic procedures People taking decisions without listening to their staff.
we try. and then the site or global groups add them back
I don't find logic in some decisions that are made, they are confusing
This has been a year of increased barriers for the Oncology division.
I think that my division try’s to remove barriers but there are things that can’t be changed, such as policies, that get put upon the division from the top.
Timeliness is not a strong point in some areas. Communication feels like it is lacking in some areas. Marketing, rebate programs and payments, supply with some products is extremely concerning.  We do an awesome job at communication once there is a problem, I just feel like we could prevent several of these issues before they become business threatening.
They probably do the best they can given the lack of strong leadership from the c-suite when it comes to taking business risk vs being totally risk averse. There is very little room for innovation and most employees have become very timid for good reason as nobody wants to subject customers to that lack of leadership. Nobody wants to waste the customer’s time and effort just to get a no.
Our major barriers on ONC side are with the customers and Merck Compliance.  ONC Sales Dept does a nice job supporting what can be controlled
Still work to be done.   We talk about being customer centric and use the Aslan model, yet some of the direction is not customer focused.   However, we have more tools/programs today than in the past, but short sighted with customers experience, standard of expectation, tools for primary products.    Examples....changing the Bravecto rebate to no longer mix/match.  No Client education/information/posters/clinic materials for Sentinel Brands - what we do have is focused on Sentinel Spectrum ONLY....and that is limited to a great puppy kit and brochure that contains NO client education.
Our leaders want to look good, so underlings are forced to spend time we don't have on culture, diversity, roles, innovation mindsets, presentations, writing papers, helping leaders get ahead. We are exhausted and would like to just do the science we are here for. We are not here to fluff you. Even individual goal setting is a waste of time when we've been shown there is no path for some of us.
The rat tool is ruining my business
The hurdles created by other departments impede our progress (R&D is a primary example)
On an Agile based project where this is a focus.  Transparency in work progress and impediments is key.
Opportunities are being removed with compliant rules.  Makes everyone’s job harder in the field.
Department is actively working to this end, a stretch goal would be appropriate here.
My direct upline tries and the team fights the good fight.  The issue is there is a TON of Merck-inertia that gets hinders us in our attempts to get from good to great.
Policy letter 3 and the lack of planning and transparency around the way it was updated significantly hurt the sales force’s ability to communicate with customers and hurt our reputation in the field with our customers.  We are slowly adapting but I am concerned that if we don’t have Representatives in the field we will lose out on important information from our customers most importantly reporting safety information.  Sales are the front lines, the closest we have to each customer and ultimately the patient.  I think sometimes its forgotten ALL that we do.  Not just promoting products but also listening to the concerns of customers and educating staff on the appropriate way to use our medicines.
I think compliance is what it is and no matter what that will always slow down and create barriers. Sometimes I feel we are working with one hand tied behind our backs
my department is always looks for more efficient workflows and processes while maintaining compliance to safety, prodecures, and policies
There are often multiples levels/approvals/people to go through to accomplish what should be a relatively simple task. Streamlining some of these processes will boost productivity
I just changed roles and I am assessing the department's ability to remove barriers.
How they moved us to remote and made sending lunches to offices was fast and efficient.
Too many meetings and not enough decisions made in a timely manner.
We good at talking but we're poor at making decisions. Great ideas are discarded or stonewalled such as asking our Colleagues in the China Country Ops to provide a list of requirements for a submission???
Our Leadership Team works hard to remove barriers with our departments and within the department. Are we perfect yet? No, but we all work on it and personally I reward inclusive behavior in my team
There are lots of procedures to get equipment fixed and this is a time sink.  Because of how facilities is organized, my dept. cannot necessarily remove these barriers.
I am feeling more and more restricted in my ability to fully do my job.  Compliance has gone overboard with restrictions that we are constantly working with one hand tied behind our backs.  As a company, we really need to step back and take a look at how we are doing business.  We have become less focused on customer needs and more focused on restrictions and unreasonable policies.
For the most part, things like the survey task force and marketing teams eager to interact with the sales team speak to removing barriers.  The Covid RAT tool is what is the biggest barrier that slows me down now.
I am in field sales, and nothing has proven to be slower this year than approval for resources to use remotely. Either we should hire more legal staff to approve materials, or the process should be reconsidered. For instance, the announcement was made in mid November of the vaccine price increase so one would think our resources for remote engagement and field email would be updated rather close to that same date in November. This wasn’t the case; just in the recent few weeks we’ve had the VBC flash card and price grid made available on Veeva. The PO flash card still isn’t on Veeva and the terms for all of these changed mid February with the announcement in November.  This definitely slowed down my work and productivity with customers.
They rather put a band-aid on the process than fix the issue.
sometimes there is a tendency to be bogged down in repetitive tasks.  Procedures play a critical role in the workplace, and having said that it would be helpful for policy makers to get feedback from the people who actually perform those duties to get a better understanding of what they do and what impacts them before writing those policies.  We have to work smarter and not harder.
It is important to enforce the communication within leaders and reports.  Also it is necessary to establish the same ways of working within functional areas
In GCTO, there are a lot of process changes implemented in quite rapid succession which make it challenging to keep up and complete our work. These changes, whilst great in theory, impact regular workflow quite significantly. Examples include, changes in eTMF processes, changes in delegation log requirements, changes and ongoing implementation of SIP.
There is a strong emphasis on practicality, but still lots of processes can sometimes seem slow...
Lots of mistakes lately and mis communication or lack of communication on big items.
Product outages is a recurring event.
Although we are facing the pandemic, we have regular meeting to update our activities and we can speak out our obstacle to seek advise from our team.
not so much any more.  our role has become incredibly adminstrative.
The processes slow down our job which are often outside of the control of CMC
I would strongly agree with this at a country level (Australia)
I feel like the department does try to remove barriers, however I feel like the processes move slowly for  some areas where timely intervention would be better, or where more resourcing would allow for processes to move quicker. People do the best they can but items can sit in an "in tray" for a long time before a decision is made, and if that person still has questions the item can be delayed even further answering those questions.
Too many complex process but does not take the necessary effect
Senior VPs too static , and hesitating to evolve their model , which had been very successful but we also need to adapt to évolutions of tech, digital, ways of life and new generations of clients needs ; we probably can not wait for their retirement to evolve roles, structures and style
My department is very helpful but sometimes it's hard to move forward if there are dependencies from other competencies.
Never heard back from our feedback and comments
Cross-functional collaboration, create templates, challenge region on unnecessary tasks
One of the biggest barriers to do our work is unnecessary meetings. There are loads of meetings with no clear purpose. Endless talking and little doing.
Teamwork and best practices are the keys
permitting system is currently the biggest obstacle to speeding up work and often takes as long to complete and close out permits as it does to complete the jobs.
There are a lot of compliance roadblocks we need to overcome on a daily basis.
The barriers that are in place are ones we cannot always so something about.
We constantly find new ways to slow down work or make it so it will never get done . we have to have so many signatures from people that don't want to be reasonable a simple task at Merck takes twice as long as somewhere else
Inefficiency in other depts is beyond our control - ie hiring process, ie IT help center
There are many more obstacles to providing information to physicians, no longer have coupons to give them, speaker programs are absent or difficult, rarely have hard copy information to leave or for physician reference, we have reduced number of FFMs that are allowed per calendar year.  Access is harder to obtain and value is diminished.
I feel my leader is not understanding the market as my supervisor.
Management is open to feedback and my manager in particular responds immediately to any issues/roadblocks I may face in my job
Could be better for some field activities. Our competitotrs use Zoom, can do group lunch, etc.
I have been impressed throughout my tenure in the hospital sales force at how quickly issues get addressed and resolved that could impede the sales process efforts. The leadership from the top down in the Hospital Sales Force sees the issues and finds ways to quickly resolve them so we can continue finding success in our daily jobs.
My department has made significant progress on this over the past year
Sometimes we create the barriers but work with the dept(s) to solve the issues.
I feel that Merck has been slow to adapt to reps being back in the field post-quarantine. It took an exceptionally long time to have lunch restrictions loosened.  Additionally the RAT needs to take into account reps who are fully vaccinated as they should be allowed out on territory.
Our complicated, slow processes do not make us easy to engage or partner with or deliver at any kind of pace.
There is room for improvement.  We can overcome access, and compliance processes by having better knowledge and the right point of contacts to learn in early stages and re-design solutions taking into consideration security, policies, potential dependencies, etc.
I think our department does what they can, but maybe the size of Merck and the regulatory nature of our business adds considerable red tape to even the simplest of tasks.  We do not move quickly and rely too heavily on many layers of approval.  There is rarely an instance of decentralized command assigned to the departmental level.
Process, procedures, and micromanagement seam to be outpacing innovation, ingenuity, and expression.
We as a team are currently working on finding ways to better ensure work productivity and efficiency.
ALGUNOS PROCESOS SON TARDADOS Y NO VAN ACORDE A LA DINÁMICA DEL MERCADO
Too many my learning modules
I agree with this. We have identified a number of barriers that are preventing our timely and appropriate engagement with external stakeholders. We are collaborating cross functionally to see why these barriers exist and if there's an opportunity to remove them. My experience in MSD is that we have a lot of processes and compliance checks - which are required due to the nature of the industry - but sometimes are overly complicated and unnecessary and see our competitors take advance of opportunities that we have lost.
Again, it's the people working down to the lowest levels that are making this happen. There are so many barriers, especially during and after the pandemic that are insurmountable based on any previous standard or sense of reality. People are bending over backwards and breaking their backs all around me to find new ways to innovate and create efficiencies and close gaps. The work experience isn't just "all gravy, my Department has everything I need to be successful". Instead it's "every day, multiple barriers and challenges, multiple amazing solutions" down to the lowest levels of the organization.
Safety and Environmental Interpretations on many items and GES restrictions on working in or around live electrical creates excruciatingly painful, extraordinary and expensive work arounds.  They make relatively simple procedures complicated and insulting to the professionals who must deal with this desk-jockey mentality.
IT Transformation Model is not mature and we are facing interaction problems between Market Squad Teams with Local Markets and Value Teams.
My department particularly does. From what I hear, others don't.
Between PRT AND LEGAL we are being out maneuvered by the competition
"leadership at every level" has not progressed with the speed/success I would have anticipated. I feel this is because of the time required to shift a longstanding culture (part of this is building an ownership culture in managers and functional SMEs) and that part of the business still requires a very "top down" approach (people have trouble separating when it is needed and when perhaps not).
Barriers that slow down work in terms of overhead of requirements, reviews and rules is one area that Merck is weak. Our systems put too much trust in what become check-box exercises.
The company has only put up more barriers to doing our job. Limiting lunch appointments to 12  per year for 7 representatives that all have different indications. Basically making geographies that have access give their access away to our competitors. Making MMF’s which already had it’s challenges even more challenging with a randomized 4 speaker process and treating providers like children and not allowing them to have a beverage of choice with their meal.
MSD have rule and tools that obstruct our work so much
Good tier escalation structure, however, procedurally things can be slow.
There is more work than people can effort. Therefore sometimes you have to choose what to do first. This gives delay for improvements.
We have many well intentioned policies and procedures, that do slow down our work. Our department also has a contentious relationship with GSA.  This slows down our work a great deal.
Management keeps adding things to our plate thinking they are making our lives easier when it's only adding to our tremendous workload. It is often busy work that does nothing to help us do our job.. We aren't getting clear answers on RESTART as per the FAQs months ago, if it wasn't on the SDV006 or SDV004 report, we didn't need to SDV it.. But, on a recent All Call, we were told that wasn't the case. Instead of answering more of the questions that the CRAs had about this, someone presented on their heritage instead, which has nothing to do with our job role. Training is done all over the place and often is too much of a general overview that it isn't clear how/what we as CRAs are supposed to do. There are constant changes to our process and a lot of backtracking, making it practically impossible to keep things straight.. The big institutions won't use CLMS for training and the process for us to grant credit for sometimes 200 staff members on the DOA log wastes so much time.
my manager calls for too many meetings and sends too many emails
It seems to me that some of the issues could be resolved by upgrading systems, equipment, and processes. The issue is having the manpower to undertake these tasks.
We have made great strives during the pandemic that need to stay in place in the future.
There seems to be more “busy work” to do lately. We are told to remain focused on 1 particular product, but then we get fire drills to complete with other products.
There are many administrative tasks that are slowed down by the system ie adding individual customers (takes too long) and often doesn’t happen, expense reports- requiring the sign in sheet and itemized expenses in Veeva then again in Comet for expense reports- repetitive.
there are so many processes and alignments that must be made in order to proceed with projects. GSC requires so much time to prepare, gain alignment, etc.
The Oncology department culture in Australia has changed significantly in the last 18 months since Keytruda indications have grown. There seems to be more competition between tumour streams, more paperwork and more tasks that prevent us from actually getting out in front of our customers.
Many of the systems, processes and decision making is slow and time consuming. Understanding of the real world context is missing. Customer centricity is lacking
Some process requires too many approvals and turns into a  bureaucratic process Should be more delegation  and empowerment for faster decision making
The length of time it takes to process a Change Control continues to be a barrier that slows down work
It only gets worse, leadership is lacking
There are two issues we face with removing barriers.  Often there are many hurdles to overcome to implement an improvement initiative as there are many stakeholders who have requirements to be met.  EHS, GES, Security, Finance, Regulatory, Procurement, Quality... the list can be very long!  To be able to meet all of the requirements of the stakeholders is very time consuming.  I am from am operational area and it's very difficult to find the time to allocate to covering all of the various requirements while maintaining BAU activities in a safe and compliant way. The second issue is that compliance requirements increase all the time, so new requirements tend to stack up faster than we can implement improvements to do things more efficiently.
Existing ways of working are constantly challenged in order to see if improvements can be achieved. This applies both for internal (within the site) and global ways of working.
I have only been with the company one month so I cannot answer this question as I am still training.
There are to many barriers that are in place. A lot of other departments try to replace the ones we removed as fast as possible,
We add a lot of bureaucracy and non-value added changes to our daily work.   A lot of it is under the guise of quality, but are above and beyond customer/FDA requirements and without regard to cost.  For example, we now are wearing hairnets and beard nets in unclassified space.  There are numerous examples that apply in the "change control" space.
Although some processes are still slow and time-consuming, these are mostly related to compliance/legal SOP and therefore hard to change. All other impediments are solved as soon as possible
Way too much bureaucracy and nothing is being done about it.
They try in that direction but some dept has more leverage then others and its not std across departments so outcome is not always same as desired?
Governance and preparation for governance with various lines of management review to avoid awkward questions takes a lot of time.  Attempting to prepare slide packs at the request of Sr. Management is also an inefficient exercise because of the need to run the pack through all the layers of management in between and then spend so much time adjusting the pack and messaging to address what we "think" could be asked of us by Sr. Management.  I would like to see a low risk presentation approach to Sr. Management where un-answered questions are seen as a positive development (efficiency playing out real time) with a re-visit to answer those specific questions.
New hire since 2021 and wouldn't be able to comment. Feels like there is a lot of good work ongoing
Conference calls and/or meetings during prime office hours often prohibit me from being in territory and calling on my offices.
We are getting better, but we continue to be under-resourced from both personnel and budget.  Our internal review process along with procurement drag and delay our ability to implement initiatives / campaigns.  We have significant room to improve.
MES is a huge barrier that does not seem to get the attention it deserves. Our production timeline has been prolonged, we have been forced to abort several batches because of MES issues, and we have more corrections than we did on paper batch sheets, which bog down the managers as well as the operators. I think there needs to be more assistance and visibility on this issue. We need help, and all we tend to get are more work-arounds. It is unacceptable that we are being forced to use a system that is not fit to our needs. Alum used to be a model area. MES is one of the biggest reasons why we didn't meet our production goals last year, why we continue to struggle, and are no longer deemed a model area.
At times we are asked to do duplicative work to track tasks. I understand its important but i do not see any focus on removing the double work or soliciting of ideas to adjust for rework
It has gotten much better, but keep continuing to streamline.
In some ways, my department does remove barriers that slow down work. However there can be issues with quickly implementing solutions to known barriers, especially when funding comes into the picture.
Our department does not have the resources to keep up with the amount of work that is being expected of us.
I don't believe we are getting a strong enough service from Cognate to allow for efficient decision making by managers and/or HR.
Still room for improvement.
Company´s priorities have not slowed down, we are still at full speed despite the current working situatio
Our Quality organization fights tooth and nail against change and doesn't push the status quo.
While I completely appreciate the concern for Covid, the weekly RAT tool is, not only a physical barrier that slows down our work.  After almost 14 months of Covid restrictions, it is becoming a mental and emotional barrier, as well.
Administrative processes and internal regulations sometimes change our focus from customers and patients
With the spin-off org changes that impacted my team there are important confusions that we need to resolve.  Some of the org changes had blurred roles and responsibilities and therefore slowed down or even stopped the progress of ongoing work.
Here are some examples: why not put the coronavirus tracker on an internal website we can visit each week instead of having to download a new excel spreadsheet every week? Why limit the number of resources we can order from Rome?
We are a small site and often it is difficult to remove barriers due to many responsibilities each has to perform, unlike larger sites have more support structure to help.
My department does a fantastic job at removing any barriers. It is hands down the best team.
All the rules and regulations required to perform the job are bit complex and kind of stops you to do the job. But I also understand they are in place for a reason.
Taking away important resources like coupons and limiting the number of RFMs with providers puts us at a disadvantage compared to our competitors.
My leader does not remove barriers and sometimes creates more of it.
Further process and procedural simplification needed, also with more user friendly IT systems and applications
Planning area needs improvement.
We are looking at new ways to engage with our stake holders to continue business processes smoothly through digital called veeva Engage and spreading science through virtual class 1 meetings.
The  systems &processes are too complicated  and difficult to carry on specially for Field people-we are ignoring some practical issues that might happen during the course of any action
I think the Virology division is better than some of the other divisions at removing barriers, but Merck is often so rigid with legal policies that we are all very limited in what we can actually do.
There are some reports that are redundant
Restrictions are added with every passing months making customer engaging activities /promotional activities more and more difficult . Consequence management puts all responsibilities on front line people for any possible human error .
Approval systems & compliance processes are very stringent, resulting in stunted output which negatively impacts on the day to day and overall business.
Very true locally, globally/ HQ sometimes make it more difficult
My manager will do the necessary escalation if I find barrier
Too many reporting systems
We work to remove barriers to get work done but given that we are not always privy to all the information and decisions need to be made by the US team that are not always communicated to us, the opportunity to remove barriers becomes very challenging
Schedule and work load prevent innovation. No time to make things better as its always rush rush
Our work is not slow down
Support the business to achieve the target budget
The issue is that there is too much work, on top of ongoing Training, updates to meet new Global Policies etc
More to do here. 50% of time is spent navigating MSD systems rather than executing.
Lots of SOPs with maximum ambiguity
change control process creates a lot of barriers, i think dedicating coaches to support all areas with change control will help remove alot of these barriers
Over recent years alot of complexity has been driven into the organisation through SAP/MES, QMS, Workday,  and genral Safety, Quality and Financial compliance. As we are a compliance driven business this is understandable however we tend to apply this approach to areas which should not warrant the level of complexity.
We continue to have Red Green that imposes reduced access to our customers.  We are at a competitive disadvantage because of it.  The field is vaccinated and conformable being out.
My department facilitates open conversation that encourages innovation and new ways of working to improve existing processes. However, depending on the process and/or chain of command, there is a lot of "red tape" and meetings to prepare for meetings that are inputs to other meetings. We are not necessarily encouraged to make decisions as the team that is closest to the project and has the most information, which is an unfortunate change from last year's mentality. Additionally, fruitful communication can often be a challenge - inclusivity barriers are still present in the sense that people talk over each other consistently (especially men talking over women), which leaves many feeling frustrated and unheard.
Merck is overly conservative in how business is conducted and sometimes get in its own way.
While there are some tools available that help complete work faster, other items are manually managed, which take up an unnecessarily large amounts of time (i.e. SDS management).
I find these are often employee driven though, and dependent on an employee pursuing the change (along with locating a helpful management sponsor).
It seems we continue to add more barriers to work, in the name of compliance. Compliance is an important issue, that should be a priority in our jobs, but it should not be restrictive for the sake of restriction. Between the RAT and the new compliance rules for FFMs and MMFs, it almost seems that there is not enough work for the number of people employed. It feels very disempowering. There has to be a middle ground to ensure we are doing the right thing and are empowered to do our job.
Dept is improving with regards to streamlining and communicating certain processes (e.g. study management support).  However, additional barriers, outside the dept, remains or have manifested (onerous requirement to include full eCRF for DRC protocol; inconsistent explanation on the due diligence requirements).
We don’t have the resources needed to do our job effectively.  No computers, resources are pulled and tied up in compliance, the RAT tool is keeping us from seeing our customers, the list is too long
Unfortunately, a lot of the barriers come from other departments!
It is difficult in this remote engagement world to connect with physicians when we can not put disease state or product name in an email.
There are quite a lot of barriers but prudent and rational approach of our team supported by senior managements helps on improving that.
Marketing never listens to feedback already made their decisions if or before they ask for feedback
There are too many individuals trying to call on the same customers; OSRs, OKAMs, ODS, NE, HSOMADs, .  In a perfect world they would target different customers but in a world of decreasing access, we’re all fighting to see the same customers
Compliance controls our departments behaviors and prevents many things that would help conduct business
Well, I have felt that way in past, but now with the new rule in sales, its difficult to do our jobs. The barriers we have to tackle to do a speaker program is very difficult.
I feel like they are implementing new guidelines that make customer access even more difficult in the COVID environment
It seems we are doing so much prioritization, and re-prioritization and while all of that is happening, the work is growing and not getting de-prioritized.
Unfortunately we are good at creating barriers, not removing them. Compliance is used as a justification to create time burdensome processes
Rat tool is ridiculous and uncessary at this point
We get Silo'ed based on Job function. If i want to do something better, but it is another area's core job function we get halted. "playing nice in the sand box together" is prioritized over real life impacts. a colleague may have to do days of extra work, because a solution has to come from another department that "doesn't have the resources" to do it. I do understand that some tasks require the right area to own it, but to own something simply to prohibit others to act on it is a barrier
There is a tremendous amount of coordination with the number of representatives per territory in oncology. If you are in a sleeve with multiple products then you may be coordinating on a local level with 12 reps within 2 companies- Merck & AstraZeneca or Merck & Eisai. When recently viewing responsibilities for physicians in Veeva, one physician may have 18 individuals from Merck that want to connect with that physician, this is unmanageable for physicians. Now with recent restrictions by Merck to 12 FFMs per physician, many teams will reach the number 12 by mid-year 2021, and will be left with no access to that account for 2S. Also, in order to coordinate with accounts managed by OKAMs, this adds another layer to the amount of communication for the account. Too many conference calls throughout the week, now that most of the country is green (RAT) reps are conflicted on managing their time between availability in the field and time spent on administrative requirements.
Some of the barriers are out of our control: schedule changes in other departments which effect our work.
We’re lacking in support for customer service and online reporting programs.
though there are processes in place to remove barriers, they take a great deal of time
Embrace sales reps working more remote days than field days if that is what works best and is driving their business right now.   Return to embracing the sales numbers as a definition of how well a rep is doing, instead of metric-ing everything. It should be more important to drive business, then to hit a certain metric of X number of emails sent per week or X number of calls per day. Let’s return to trusting reps to drive their business, being true business owners and only look at metrics when the numbers aren’t where they need to be. Otherwise you’re going to create an environment where salespeople not only have to hit their sales numbers, but hit other multiple metrics that can seem arbitrary and can lead to burnout and/or leaving Merck.
Continuous correcting of providers addresses in Veeva slows us down. Even after making edits, Veeva reverts back to past addresses as primary for providers.  DCR request take extremely too long to go into effect.
It seems like more programs and systems are implemented but they do nothing for the ones that have to use it daily.  They are not helpful at all.
The team has been great getting the field approved to do things differently but limits the field with budgets
I believe that GHH makes an effort to be transparent and try to clearly communicate strategy and the research involved in decision-making.  However. sometimes other divisions (ie. MRL) don't seem to be as transparent and it sometimes makes developing strategy difficult.
Over the last 20 years (and more so in the last 5-10) I have seen improvement in empowerment for decision making in the field and I am encouraged by it
I am fairly new to the company, so I can't speak to this quite yet.
In my current role I feel there are barriers to leveraging knowledge from within the group to improve/align projects together. Feels like each project starts from scratch instead of learning as each project progresses.
This can be difficult to maneuver at times due to global processes in place and areas not willing to ensure they have secured all departments input before making a change. our processes in some cases have slowed down work.
We have a problem with accountability and setting a standard across the board.
Sometimes, getting into too details of the technical aspects work against the goal itself. It is great to be detail oriented, but sticking to such irrelevant details without considering the purpose of the project is not a gain and adversely affect project timeline and resources.
Our company doesn’t try to adjust to the changing environment as fast as it needs to in order to remain useful to the field and our customers. An example of this is our patient assistance program. I have at least 2 different pharmacists that I have sent their emails on where they are so frustrated by our old school process. We don’t have online capabilities like every other company. This is a problem for our pharmacists to get drug to patients quickly. We understand that certain products don’t have a large budget, when we ask to make simple adjustments to our material, we are met with resistance. As a customer facing team, we really want to make a difference and not just complain. We truly want to make it better so all parties can be most successful.
Use Agile framework making sure that obstacles are moved
My role supports capital project delivery.  The business requirements/value add activities are unique to the category and not shared with other categories in my department.  Business process are designed for the majority of the transaction volume .. which at times creates inefficiencies for the rest
I recognize there are limitations, but the current ways of working create obstacles for work. Office space has become so limited that I have no guaranteed "space" to designate for quiet time, meetings, work, or even just storing my personal/work items. Spending time each day figuring out where I can even go between lab experiments or meetings is emotional draining and time consuming. There has not been a lot of support in navigating how to work virtually and the department has been complacent in leaving "one shoe to fit all".
Systems used are difficult to navigate
The response time to update formulary grids with new information is slow.  Additionally, when we give feedback to the marketing teams for resources, that response time can be slow also.  I understand there needs to be time to develop and legally approve the materials.  However, when customers need a hard copy detail aid for a new indication and there isn’t one, it’s frustrating.  With a newer indication that finally receives managed care coverage (such as the approval for Gardasil9 for 27-45 year olds), we need to have the necessary materials to increase use.  Understandably, so much is virtual and electronic now.  However, some customers still want “something on their desks.”
We try to make our job as efficient as possible and we help other areas to accomplish common objectives
This past year, I have seen faster movement than ever before in the area of approval for innovative and “outside the box” ways of connecting with customers.  That has been most helpful.  On the other end of the equation, there are other new areas where we have been significantly hand-tied from being able to potentially get in front of customers.  Main example:  MMF policies.
Many process changes. Inefficient systems and duplication of tracking information.
Recent changes that are compliance driven are a knee jerk reaction to the OIG report.  They are inhibiting me from full customer access and engagement. Example, 12 meals a year for an HCP at 7 people call on (Oncology). Also, no beverages that have alcohol at a dinner event.
My manager tries his best to take barriers out of our way, but the need for resources in my role is critical. It appears that financial , people and time resources at the HQ level (including PRT system) are not enough to provide these resources in a timely manner. I still get my job done, so that the the work is not slowed down, per se, but this disease state changes so rapidly and we need to be able to respond to our customers’ needs more rapidly.
Generally I think that's true; however, I have noticed that sometimes the escalation of what those barriers are is lacking.
I actually feel like the increase in admin tasks has slowed down my customer facing work.
Still hierarchical and many levels of reviews required
Need to get 3 levels of approval for any decision
We are working virtual a lot lately.  We can’t do virtual lunches with more than 25 people.  We can’t attend virtual grand rounds, but could attend live.    I feel like there are more barriers working virtual than live.
No one was ready for SIP and it might be great in the long run but the ROI now is not much and pushing sites away.  In addition, the CSSM teams need to work more collaboratively with GCTO operations.  They seems to think that the sun rises and set with certain consortiums outside of Merck.  I get collaborations but we also need to remember who we work for and that is Merck and our commitments to the patients.  When PDT chairs listen to outside voices more consistently over our knowledge of metrics and what sites have and can deliver there is a problem.  There needs to be a happy medium but at the end of the day...we work for Merck.
WE UNDERSTAND HOW HIGHLY REGULATED OUR INDUSTRY IS, AND FOR GOOS REASON.  WE ARE CONSISTENTLY SLOWED DOWN BY NEW POLICIES, PROCEDURES AND MANDATES AS IT RELATES TO CONDUCTING REMOTE CUSTOMER ENGAGEMENTS.  OUR CUSTOMERS ARE LOSING INTEREST IN OUR RESTRICTIONS AND THE COMPANY CONTINUES TO PUSH MORE MANDATES AND EXPECTATIONS, YET OUR HANDS ARE TIED.
Direct line manager is doing their best, however as a company - it feels as if multiple departments, on site, regional and global are all competing priorities all due at the same time.
Increasing complexity of work due to digital change & agile transformation is additionally challenged by new and more restrictive compliance guidance  and additional responsibility that is being moved from medical to commercial roles. At the same optimization of local resources (HR support, IT support, Accounting support) is adding additional burden and complexity on commercial roles.
We need to speed up our approval process when it comes to agreements and services customers ask for.  Guidelines and parameters need to be shared so the field force knows what is acceptable or not, which will help in preparing proposals and eliminate the back and forth that delays decisions.
Access to data from Merck clinical trials is very difficult even for people within our company.
In general, there is a focus and effort on removing barriers (e.g. standardized work, data access/digitization, and improved expectations fit governance/tech reviews) however there seems to be little focus on the distribution presented by staff resourcing shifts. A general complaint within the group is the lack of depth of some team members due to their constant flux between programs. This creates an environment of constant onboarding and (at best) distracts from the larger program goal or (at worst) slows down deliverables. Not to mention the resource load it puts on the more experienced team members in the short term.
In general yes, however there tends to be analysis paralysis when engaging other global groups that may not align.
Improvements should be made to reduce the complexity and quantity of Quality Systems required to complete shop floor support (GCM, QSAT, SAP, IPI, Supplier Transparency, EEOL, QMS, MIDAS, QRA, Risk Register, QUADs, etc)
There are many silos and that if everyone knew what would be coming next with communication, there would not be so may things at once that can slow down teams, instead of losing focus on main goals/strategies.
Too much of a "just get it done" mindset.  Everyone too overworked to have bandwidth to proactively address the barriers.
We still have all the politics.  Things we have to do that are unnecessary.  We have a launch going on now.  All other things should stop to focus on a successful launch
I am looking forward to a more proactive than reactive resolution of barriers. We have a long way to go here.
My immediate small department does. Overall our larger area is struggling to do this well.
It could be better. The changes that are needed could come quicker.
In terms of project progress, there is an improvement area for communication between project member and market.
My boss and senior just want me to follow their values.
There are actually many barriers being set up to slow down our work, unnecessary paperwork and administrative tasks. Tasks that are redundant are being done despite digitization has taken over
Fully agree we try but we're barely moving the needle on it. After our years of driving this, I'm starting to think we need a top down quick & tough action to really make a difference here
Data analytic tools that introduced such as Infrared data is not straightforward. When used, the data is comparing with too wide range of products. Besides, the data of customers was masked, users have to manually search the account name which is very time consuming and wasted a lot of time.
The incentive scheme by quarter  is discouraging. Hope to have it back by monthly base.
All thanks to my bosses to help in everything
So many stringent SOP, make us helpless
Wherever needed leaders trust their sales force and guide them to bring best of the best results from team
Challenging
Transparency in Communication
the intent is there but the actual actions / decisions taken had not been consistent
the responsibility of identifying barriers and ultimately their removal falls to ourselves. However there are times that these are out of our control, therefore multi departmental networks and collaboration to remove barriers are key
It appears that at times we are our own worst enemy being inflexible.
We have more and more paperwork and need to come out of ideas to ensure we retain our market shares. Very stressed but just glad we still have a job.
New QSIP and DI principle implementation is adding step to the process that are adding time to the work.
Day to day we face many challenges. While people get trained to perform their work at Merck they also bring some knowledge from other Pharmaceutical companies that not necessarily aligns with Merck's. Thus much of this external knowledge is used to execute our Validation protocols causing many GDP and ER's. Working with the project leads in many causes is worthless due to the high turnaround of these resources and the necessity of having a contractor "hit the ground running" when hired to support Merck's Projects especially if Agile PM Methodology "fix as you go" is been used.
I feel we could improve on this item in our department, we have improved over the last years but this remains a continuous effort.
It is so hard to get thing done in Merck.. when we see how other Pharma companies operate.. so many managers and layers of authority.
In the past year, there have been more barriers independent of what has been going on with COVID-19.  RAT tool from red-green-yellow and the back and forth.  This has required many cancelling of important customer engagements.  The restrictions placed on future programming is very concerning.  The limitations on how many times we may have an FFM with an HCP is not a wise decision.  We are being asked to meet the same goals with new restrictions that are definite barriers to how we conduct our business.
It is becoming more difficult to complete our work as new systems are being introduced. With recent changes to QSIP and the move to quality docs it becomes much harder to update our procedures as needed. Information can be extremely difficult to find and a lot more time is spent learning new systems than completing work.
Some of Merck’s restrictions (programs, virtual appointments by 1 site only, RAT) inhibit us from being most effective and are often more restrictive than our competitors
Company made me well equipped through the learning process
We have more admin work than other companies require.
12 FFMs per HCP with over 30 indications and team of 7+ reps is completely unrealistic. Reps not allowed to attend virtual non branded programs. So much red tape to do a FFM or MMF is next  to impossible
Too many scheduled Webex calls, especially as territories and customers have reopened for in-person visits.
The barriers are often very complex and involve fundamental changes within not only our functional areas but across the organization.  My department is good at attempting to make change and remove the barriers they are able to control.
There are many barriers.  We get in our own way
Giving right instructions to solve any barriers at any situations that’s the beauty of our organisation.
The barriers that slow down our work are not under control by the department.  An example is the new REDs system.
I think they try at least.
The way strategies and SOP’s are being getting imposed it seems that the department is working in some other market than India. Instead of behaving as per the market requirement it is completely theoretical and absolutely impractical and seems impossible
sometimes the effort to manage barriers becomes leadership "challenging" the working level vs supporting us which can be a distraction.
All of the study managers, or CRMs (I am a CRA), are constantly sending us reports or tips/tricks to help us out - they don't have to do this. This is our job. But it makes us feel like we matter, and that we are all in this together. Little things like this truly make all of the difference. I've never been at a company and reported to individuals who genuinely work to get to know each and everyone of us (remotely too, I might add!) and extend their help constantly.
A lot of busy work is being added to tasks with the implementation of new systems and processes.
Our CTL and DCO has made it a point to remove needless webexes and meetings so that we can focus on our work and trying to balance/juggle being a home-based rep versus live customer-facing rep on a weekly basis (based on the will of the RAT tool on Friday afternoon at 3 pm est). We are constantly juggling schedules, FFMs, meetings from live to virual and having to deal with the pressures of working from home and the expectations from family and spouses when you work from home. My CTL and DCO have been very open and understanding.
My direct manager does listen to me when I have suggestions about what is slowing down my progress and tries to find solutions to help our entire team be the most effective we can
Resources that matter to customers  and help "open doors" are limited,  new policies increasingly limit our access ...to limit risk but focus on assisting to increase access for the salesforce would be helpful....
Even in the wake of the pandemic, work did not slow down. There was no defined assistance for working parents with school-aged children at home that helped in slowing the work down. Rather, it just got busier and expectations grew bigger.
Some procedural issues still remain but as the project progresses I can see these barriers being streamlined and working to our advantage.
In our team there is open communication.
Too many meetings or teleconferences.
Hold sales team only responsible for any discrepancies
Within my department and regional stakeholder - yes and we try to collaborate efficiently, but there is still alot of unecessary churn and outdated business processes limiits innovation and creativity.
not sure. New systems are introduced that increase admin burden, and old-school time-consuming way of working is not stopped. Ideas and proposals to remove barriers are not always acknowledged or embraced: e.g. we now have to update dossiers on paper, in docubridge and Alexx (why do we keep updating paper copies of electronic dossiers at all?) + one good planning tool would be really helpful and could improve visibility of workload for GRA and CORA. Just ask personnel how efficiency could be improved in their daily work (which time-consuming or silly steps/actions do they want to stop doing or do differently). Any small step that reduces level of frustration and stress makes MSD a better place to work.
I can't say as a company MSD do this well. if anything the company create the barriers. for the department, would like us to challenge all the risk assessments being completed and consolidate to one topic that covers all the needs.
Reporting manager gives vague direction, still need plenty of guidance from his immediate team
We don't intend to create or keep barriers, but we often do create them for ourselves. We create barriers by trying to meet and align with too many people before actioning things, but people's availability to meet is so strained because we have too many meetings about too many things that this alignment can be very slow, then opportunities get lost because we are not timely enough
The recent RAT Tool update was great but I feel it could have come sooner.
not sure if the recent organizational changes are addressing these barriers
Oversight by manager can be improved to help team on prioritizing of work and removing roadblocks/barriers.
We try and get the designers to make changes to things they over see or make a mistake. dose not always register the 2 - 3 times it's mentioned
MSD has set up a lot of administrative processes that continuously slow us down. My department does not have the authority to change that - unfortunately
Deployment of LSW in our is a key priority
I feel that sometimes the efforts that our group goes to in order to remove barriers are not reflected across the organization and thus the extra effort/time/creativity does not have the full effects realized.
We do a good job at removing barriers at the Site level but have challenges with above site barriers
I would agree with this statement, but would mention cross-department collaboration with support departments (Sterile Supply, EM&U) can often be challenging. Our intradepartment barriers, however, are quickly dealt with and resolved.
We are getting there.  There has been a strong focus on Ways of Working and pushing the envelope to really ask the questions of why or why not to take more risk based approaches - that said, there is still a lot of complexity and operational overhead that often comes with a large company so there should be continuous focus on these efforts.
My department does everything possible to remove barriers that can seem significant at times.
There is too much resistance for change within my district.
Our department has little control over removing barriers as multiple above site groups are expanding and are pushing down demands onto the site that are almost impossible to achieve in a timely manner. Coming from multiple direction at once. Creating too much churn and too many complex changes in a short period of time with not enough time factored in for training or acclimation. This is having a negative impact on the day to day activities at the site.
Management hears our feedback on shortage of headcount and make appropriate arrangement
Better integration with MRL to synergize.  Quality functions need to own some of the work being performed in my department.
We still have too many steps to get things done when compared with competitors.  This is not allowing us to react fast and help our customers when they face constantly changing challenges.  Competitors are faster bringing new products to the market.
Compliance's limit on the number of lunches per HCP puts the oncology sales team at a significant competitive disadvantage.  It appears this was a decision that was made without even consulting those that would know best.
My department seems to do the opposite in the attempt to make things easier or gather metrics for leadership.  I spend more time doing administrative tasks or process tasks than what I was primarily hired to do.
My department does what it can.. Barriers that slow down work often exist above the department level. Those barriers are much more difficult to move
Usually self driven, takes multiple calls until you get a hold of the right person to execute.
I have seen an attempt to decrease the number of meetings that often time could be handled differently and keep us distracted from field work.
Communication between shifts/teams can have a delayed response.
not really.
The majority of the time, i would wholeheartedly agree with this statement. Most recently, though, a limit on FFMs per customer was implemented, and I feel like this is becoming a barrier that will slow us down in having discussions with our customers.
We have caps on customer lunches, no alcohol at dinner, no AZ Dinners, vPDG are not working well.
Considering what is going on in the pandemic world, our company has done their best to keep everyone one safe and at work.
Look at what other companies are doing—level the playing field for us!!
In a virtual sales world we need to get better at resources for customers. For example, emails that communicate what our product and/or tumors are to obtain appointments.
We are a company that was acquired by Merck and it seems like when changes are made the communication change is lacking.  For example, we are currently in the process of changing the way that MSD and MAHI entities report intercompany sales.  We were not given the necessary training in order for this to be smooth process.  Also the communication when received used MSD jargon and acronyms that we were unfamiliar since we were purchases by Merck with therefore it made it hard to cypher out what was expected.
I work in a customer facing role (Field Sales) and feel like I can get bogged down so quickly in emails and meetings. We did a good job of moving meetings to the beginning or end of the day, but there always seems to be a lot of administrative work to do.,
There are some workstreams that seem like they're intended to demonstrate to the organization that we're "data-driven" or "focused on digital" or "agile" (aligned to the declared priorities), but without clear business objectives or impact. This takes away from our ability to deliver and drive value because we are expected to be part of workstreams that "show" Senior Leaders that we're checking the right boxes. The purpose of some workstreams seems to be more about a leader having a success story to showcase to Senior Leaders than to make a real business impact. When we ask questions about the objective or challenge the purpose of some projects, it's ignored or not well received. It's especially challenging given how stretched some teams are this past year with the pandemic.
The IT desk has been extremely slow in responding to requests for help. I started an inquired on April 8th that has not been resolve. It took 4 days for them to get back to me with instructions on how to get into ROME. I still can’t get into ROME. It’s been over a week.
It feels as if we have many interior barriers right now.  Most recently, the limit of 12 lunches per year with providers regardless of the dollar amount or division of merck. In oncology, we have to be in front of those who will allow us. We also overlap with multiple hospital teams in many of these accounts on top of our existing oncology teams.  Another barrier to planning is the timing of the RAT tool. This needs to be updated on Thursdays or at the very least, Fri mornings to allow us to plan for our Monday events and contact the office. Many offices are closed on Fri afternoons.
In addition, to the response above, during Covid, the sales force can not do a virtual FFM with an office of 25 people or greater.  This impacts the sales team and the ability to do our job as well as patients.
The department has improved in this area and there is still more room to grow on removing barriers.
The biggest barrier is Merck’s Compliance department.  Limiting us to 12 meals with our physicians and accounts per year is a big problem.  Our competition doesn’t have the same rules!
I would like to see field sales being able to make corrections to events without needing a manager to unlock events.
We are working towards it but some departments are still not practicing WoW. There is still a strong tendency yo go back to the old ways of working.
There’s still a lot of hierarchy in the workflow we need to follow for each steps we took
There are many barriers that slow down our work. I think my department does the best it can to mitigate, but is usually unsuccessful at removing barriers that slow down our work.  There are many barriers.
Lack of governance system within the department and company; resources are not allocated appropriately.
Things are moving in reverse direction
Repetitive templates and meetings discussing same topics
Despite the difficult situation we are in, our leaders try to give us all the support to meet our targets and objectives. Our leaders have clear directions to us on where we are going
I feel there are racial barriers in the department that are underlined and if someone from another race were giving the directions they would be more welcome or better received from the Shop Floor.  When it comes to the day to day operations the team works well to overcome the obstacles that arise during their shift.
The management invest and is supportive to digitalise and automate process for higher efficiency and reducing error.
You need to work cross-departmental and there are always barriers which you may also say "bureaucracy" that slow down your work and demotivates you all the time.
There are still room for improvement, voices from the shopfloor be heard and non- value added administrative tasks be consider to remove.
no always, depends on the nature of the barrier and who it is affecting (rank and status of the person)
we try to do our best locally, but sometimes it is difficult to manage all global instructions (too many). Sometimes it is a little bit frustrating.
Teamwork is there when you need supports either from management or colleagues.
We should dedicate more efforts to eliminate administrative burden, working outside the systems. We should push harder to make global systems serve us and not vice versa (for ex. Workday).
I think we can improve it to be better.
Our department is still working very hard to change this but we need support
Internal competition, Hierarchy and lack of empowerment are adding barriers
complexity of process
My dept does a incredible job of ensuring work life balance
We do a lot of efforts brainstorming in the meetings to remove barriers but we end up doing the same things again so I feel we are good in the theoretical part but we lack the practical part
Some inefficiencies around disconnect to Audit / Procurement / Site Quality Expectations are there but should be resolved as we work through to the Expedition 25
With all the recent updates to processes and procedures, CRAs seem to be the ones impacted most and given even more admin tasks to do on top of the huge workload that already exists as part of the role. The CTCs do not seem to be utilised sufficiently.
Yes we are removing barriers and challenges in our daily basis, a huge internal and external barriers and processes with limited resources and limited support from functional support and some regional functional support involved in processes
Team is doing our best to support all project by continually improving CRO's productivity.
We get more and more barriers which slow down the job. Too much internal focus versus external focus. Too many new databases/storage places are introduced replacing others which also were introduced rather recently.  Too many people who need to approve of speakers, planned activities, wording on .ppt, and so on. Lack of Admin resources forces non-Admin staff to do admin work (in a less efficient way) instead of focusing on the work that  shall be done in the department and nobody else can do. No will to challenge the situation. Unfortunately not empowerment.
The technology doesn’t always work as intended, like Veeva.  When on with another teammate from chronic care, I’ve found that glitches occur such as either the customer or rep cannot be heard.
The substantive "barriers" are indispensable, inevitable and beyond the jurisdiction of my department. These "barriers" are necessary from business and reputational standpoints. They form part of our strategy to meet current and emerging regulatory requirements.
My 'department' does what it can, however, we work in a matrix organisation and thus other cross-functional areas of the enterprise can often be barriers to achievement and innovation.
Merck has taken away multiple options for reps to utilize to meet with their providers. My region specifically has taken away janumet and I had 3 offices yesterday that would only take janumet, and now I have less interactions
My department advocates and supports innovation and trying to improve processes, however, many challenges exist in other areas of the organization and getting alignment to remove barriers is a significant challenge the majority of the time
While procurement team does their best including our leadership but with recent change for sourcing to use MDG for supplier registration and inputting company codes etc... the new process is a disaster.  MDG seems to have no accountability with months on getting a process for supplier registration to approve.  Sourcing has to chase them and even with continuous escalation it still takes months.  MDG should be chasing us not the other way around.  Please fix this issue.
We try, but we always face some procedures that we cannot change and they are not under our control. Such as:  1) procedures to open and close Small Meetings which take more than 4 hours to finish and there is nothing we can do about it. 2) Interface of Small meetings: we receive a lot of complains of customers because they need to fulfill a register on MSD Saúde and take around 10 minutes to make it. We need a friendly and easier interface such as our multinacional competitors have. Otherwise, we will not be able to make the HCPs feel attracted to enjoy in our Small Meetings.
Paralysis by analysis.  Over analyze and miss the mark.
With Covid the barriers are given each week.  This is not good business practice for offices and the representatives.
We are currently creating barriers through compliance requirements, vague rules, and shifting expectations.
OVERLAPPING and REDUNDANT TEMPLATES instead of UTILIZING the features of EXISTING Veeva system. We have approximately 10-15 templates that needs to be accomplished on a weekly basis.  I have always thought that our company aims to simplify processes, thus field force will be more efficient in accomplishing tasks and focused on engaging our customers.  HARASSING people to deliver administrative tasks during weekends, late night and even while on medical leave.  A certain Senior District Manager from our department is very rude and usually uses VULGAR words to MALIGN an employee. He does this often as a joke in a group or as a way to reprimand.  Feedbacks are not being VALUED. We were not asked for our feedback for the year 2020. There is no shared leadership in our Business Unit. Decision making is confined to the “CORE GROUP” Which they created. They don’t consult us before arriving at a decision and when asked to compromise, they firmly said “The CORE GROUP has already made a decision
To get anything done at Merck, there are too many obstacles and people need to sign off.
We don’t have enough internal support and systems are antiquated
Thank you for making expense reporting much easier!
Things seem to be getting better.  Suggestions are acted upon a little faster then in past.  Still seems like lawyers run the company at times
I don't think this is the fault of my managers or their managers. The issues that have come up have been infrastructure and committee related ones.
I do believe there is more we can do to lead to help break down silos and remove road blocks
How about another My Learning like "Preventing Bribery and Corruption" so relevant to my job
Unfortunately, I feel that barriers are being introduced by many Global groups, especially in the CR and deviation management spaces. The Global Procedures often make it much more difficult to find clear directions and instructions because they are written vaguely to apply to multiple sites. It has become extremely time consuming trying to understand the correct path forward because you often have to find and utilize multiple GP's, Work Instructions, Job Aids, and local procedures simultaneously. Less barriers were in place, when site procedures could provide more detailed/specific guidance. However, I feel my department does it's best to deal with these challenges.
most work is cross functional across multiple departments, and the 'barriers' are not in complete control of my department
Some barriers might be removed but then the CRA role seems to be a dumping ground for anything new or "improved" comes along.
My manager is hands off only until there is a conflict. He has not guided any new ideas or helped develop new strategies and projects that I am currently working on. So far there have been road blocks put up in my development of my territory.
Processes are cumbersome and often seem to take on a life of their own.  Simplification and pushing activities and decisions to appropriate (often lower or local) level could be HUGE opportunity for improvements.  Accountability and avoidance of redundancies should be area of emphasis for GMSA/GMAC and elimination of low value work and alignment on what can be deprioritized or dropped should be considered.
Some of the barriers we have are outside of departmental control
Being an OSR makes this a difficult question to answer
I'd give it a 5 if it said my department does a good job TRYING to remove barriers. But, unfortunately,  the mentality of some leadership members has not changed. They're stuck on "it's not how we do things" mode.
Feels lately that rather than taking steps to be “the world’s best oncology sales force”, that we are working hard to handcuff ourselves and limit our opportunities in the spirit of being “the world’s most compliance-burdened sales force”.  These are self-inflicted wounds as we were working compliantly before.  Now, we are cancelling appointments and walking away from sales opportunities due to the 12/year rules and compliance restrictions put in place.  Meanwhile, our competition is taking our share and winning the relationship battle.
Sometimes this is true. At other times it is not. Merck policies have acted as a “roadblock” for relevant community engagement and participation. This is in stark contrast to our competitors, oftentimes.
Getting funding for capital purchases can be challenging at times.
Sometimes the reliance on paper/printing and old administrative technology makes me scratch my head.  We could do things so much faster and better if we had the right tools to be fully electronic.  I realize that needing systems that can be validated is a limiting factor, and needing to accommodate non-tech-savvy individuals is important, but I think we could be working smarter not harder in some areas.
Change control process continues to expand and include more people.
Too many teleconferences, too many assignments from committees
A lot of times the barriers are out of the hands of management, but there are quite a few time consuming procedures that slow things down
Change control process is much more labor intensive and laborious than it needs to be be.
Internally my department we overcome barriers. Outside our department there are much larger and it causes slow down or having to work extra hours
This is not a criticism towards my department, rather, my position is that other departments in Merck slow down our work in sales.  Our DCO does a great job of explaining why certain decisions have been made or why policy that constrains our effectiveness is in place.  During the pandemic, it seems as though many departments, such as marketing and training, are creating activity for activities sake i.e. WebEx meetings that are redundant to previous meetings, reinforcing strategy and messaging that we already know.  At this point, many of these activities are taking me away from focusing on my customers, particularly strategizing and executing on ways to create access.  In a nutshell, it’s too much of an internal focus on activities that are not bringing much value to the current reality of my role.
Hard to get work done - tight budget this year and distancing restrictions are hampering our progress.  We need more guidance on how we come out of the pandemic and return to work.
The attempts are there, but still have challenges of finding the right contacts and visibility beyond our area.
There are too many layers and redundancies in oncology, with competing priorities that vary depending on which sleeve an OSR or CTL falls under. This results in team work becoming more challenging and we are losing sight of what is best for patients and the caregivers and HCPs who help them. The current model has reached a pressure point that even territories where reps used to work collaboratively are now making decisions based on what their CTL/DCO are asking - not looking at an an overall approach to the brand and above brand initiatives.
I think we do our best to remove barriers. But often these barriers fall outside of my department (regulatory affairs). Barriers that impact regulatory submissions include internal processes/committees, which can be arduous and lengthy in time to get through at times..
Way too many meetings in this virtual environment and not enough "power" to decline them.
Merck did a great job providing alternative channels for us to access customers when physical access was limited.
At times, I feel that we get bogged down by Merck processes and it stifles innovation. In particular, gaining access to computing resources is slow and at times I am unable to make the changes I need to complete my work. This has affected my ability to support my stakeholders.
By definition, being compliant adds too many barriers.
Feel that Merck has not joined the 21st century with systems and processes. Feel like Merck uses a brick phone when the iPhone is available. Our systems should be smoother, easier, and more automated.
Transitional periods between projects can be challenging.
I have seen an improvement in this area, but things still are not ideal.
My manager and DCO have been open to listening and asking for change. There are several barriers at this time and one of them is the 12 meals per year. In Oncology this will keep us from accessing customers and helping patients.
The IT issues are extremely severe and affect the work on a daily basis
My department proactively addresses any anticiapted barriers by collaborating with other departments.
I have spent 3 years in Animal Health sales and to agree with this statement, but my previous 13 years in Human Health sales with Merck didn’t feel as speedy for change
This is true for things that are directly controlled by my department.  However, infrastructure type barriers (IT, purchasing, etc.) barriers continue to waste a lot of time,
We should work as per market demands with compliance and ethics. I’ve should strategise In a way that that simplify the work so that we should become more efficient and more productive in same time period.
In Operations we sometimes feel as though we are not treated like the customer by our support groups and give them too much influence in production planning
Not able to use a thumb drive in our Merck computer makes it hard to use the computer out in the field.
We do a good job to try and convince folks to remove the barriers. We arent always successful and it is almost always very slow because of that.  While our immediate focus is to protect the present, we need to figure out how to build the future and transform the paradigm WHILE protecting the present and put the same emphasis on the latter 2 goals of Exp 25. We dont see that in action today.
Too much training that has nothing to do with my job.
Merck is very hierarchical and sometimes this gets in the way of moving things forward.
There are multiple steps to complete business operational tasks such as approval for account agreement,  program enrollments, and general changes.
Our department is impacted with barriers as what is required is dependent upon other departments.
I would strongly agree , however, I currently have management that micromanages and interferes with working efficiently. His Intentions are to help however, it is more of a hinderance.
As a Chronic Care rep, I am very excited to work under the leadership of Todd Andrade. He has shown such eagerness to support us as reps (especially as a Chronic Care rep). Greatly appreciated.
So much compliance that we can’t easily move business. I realize intent is to keep us safe but it seems Merck has way more oversight than competitors
Equipment and maintenance take too long to repair or replace key instruments
The amount of PRT time is our largest barrier and it keeps getting reduced, slowing down the rate at which we can get resources approved in a traditional PRT which is still needed since not all resources go through DETs
Typically deviations result in additional non-value added work with second person verifications, checks, etc.
It has been discussed that department is trying to streamline our work process
The animal care department has a culture of praising those who turn others in, report when other employees are making mistakes, etc, it has created a competitive, stressful environment.  There is also rampant bullying which is left unchecked.  Employees, including leads, are allowed to single out individuals who they don't like and harass and bully them.  Not all employees are treated with the same level of scrutiny.
Sometimes there is too much red tape or different systems to get things done and approved
I do think there is an appropriate and well-intentioned focus on keeping Merck safe from a compliance perspective.  However, some of the direction creates substantial business risks.  There is also an opportunity to empower people to make decisions.  Finally, the level and extent of alignment required in Merck to move forward is a barrier that needs to be removed in the interest in simplification and moving more quickly.
Ineffective, and unwarranted QA changes during this year of COVID, dramatically reduced department productivity and increased error rate due to unfamiliarity with the constantly changing processes.
Sr management is very involved to ensure we have the networking, tools and support to help remove the barriers
Excess of bureaucracy delay part of the work
I think we are actively working to do a better job overcoming obstacles that slow down our work, but I think there's a lot of room for improvement.  Historically the default has been to accept whatever guidance or barriers are presented instead of challenging them and it's led to a long build-up of hurdles that require resolution.
RM (Stacy Peterson) is incredible in helping our team in removing barriers and focusing on what we can do to get the job done and done well.
Introduction of multiple security controls on Windows laptops have brought in a lot of barriers that hinder getting things done quickly.
While I believe we are moving in the right direction, I think we can do better especially with bureaucracy/hierarchy of authority, taking the focus off title and allowing transparency to flow to all levels.
In order to be quality compliance and uphold data integrity, a lot of new tasks had been added. This had significantly slow down our work. No additional headcounts been added to help on the simple admin stuffs.
I don’t think my department has the authority to remove the barriers that slow down our work
Our marketing department needs to listen to the field representatives as to what is needed to help support our veterinary clinics.
Yes, but it's is usually a quick patch that will pose an issue in future.
My department is always looking for ways to improve work life balance
We have so many policies that limit us when it comes to interacting with our customers. And sometimes we over complicate things.
It takes awhile for decisions to be made and communicated to the team.  Communication is not a strong suit in the factories.
There are no formal efforts  visible in removing barriers that slow down our work.
When we try to simplify the business process, we always get push back due to the way the global procedures are written. It is one size fits all and we always apply the most stringent interpretation of the requirements that typically leads to more work.
My work is to promote and implement MPS. I feel like management is pushing to implement governances, systems and Tiers. While there are good side about each of these, there is a lot of non-value added work put into these activities, which slows down people working on the shopfloor.  Also I am asked more and more to do MPS audits in my area, and I see that the results are not actually used to push improvements further. I would suggest to have a group focusing on improvement, while a second performs these MPS audits. This will make us more productive.
We must continually hold our processes due to conflicts and management not understanding how things run
Sometimes too many meetings, to few times for actual work
Business uniqueness not understood or appreciated. Feel split between the organization's needs and Center's expectation.
I agree that there are many supporting staff and processes that help to accelerate our work. Having PoCs for different departments is extremely useful in scientific processes. I believe that London could benefit from more laboratory operations staff to support daily running of the labs and to remove certain tasks from research scientists, allowing us to concentrate more on experiments.
too hierarchical  too much focus on internal systems
Most barriers are outside of my departments control
For example of price or pap, my department does a good job to help more patient can access
The barriers slowing down our work haven't moved at all.
The requirement to have 4 years experience as operations managers creates barriers. There are specialists managing shifts who don't have access to certain things required to do their job.
No, reps voices are not well received despite having the best knowledge in the field. Company invested in programme wanting to be aligned with advancing technologies but do not cater to the needs of a specified portion of population who required the programme assistance the most. Rep feedback was not even taken into consideration when action was made to digitalise  the whole programme.
I'm leaning closer to "Disagree." There are a number of projects that occur; these projects at most times interferes with my primary job role.
Very slow in decision making .
Despite starting  the hybrid interactions, we still need the we signature of the customer. Knowing that most of the time it is super difficult to reach the customer. So in addition to the virtual arm, the paper work is still the same and it slows our work.
Sometimes long processes slow down or hinder our ability to work efficiently which can cause frustrations with our customers. Things like pricing approvals and data change requests take weeks to complete. It can take days to weeks to rectify issues with our consumer rebates team and the same for our customer loyalty rebates.
When the business does not accept the advice of the legal and compliance team, they label the team as a barrier that slows them down,   Further, when the business does not accept the advice of the legal and compliance team, alternative options that are compliant are explored, but as you may appreciate, which may take time to evaluate.  The business associate this process as a barrier that slows down work.
Department does not set clear standards on how to be a high-performing team. Teams work in silos and management does not demonstrate action or set an example on how to tackle it nor does not encourage team members to speak up.
I cannot actually agree with this statement since we are now working to remove a barrier which is burdensome for me and my colleagues and all we hear is, 'This is not going away' .  It is a process we do in our role that has no meaning and does add value to our company and it takes a considerable amount of time to process.
In my department there are many obstacles in the way of getting the job done efficiently and in the most ergonomic way. Many feed bags or trash boxes need to be carried (weighing at least 50 pounds) over gravel to reach their destination. Operations for heat treatment of facilities require large cumbersome equipment with sharp edges and awkward shapes needing to be carried long distances and through small doors. These problems are ongoing.
In most cases, we try, but the process here is still very lengthy and with churn in many cases
so difficult to implement new ideas, no support due to time consuming to apply new ideas. production always top priority
I think we can do a better job of being proactive and relay information to the filed reps. Also, I think some of our processes can be updated to be easier to utilize and submit. Examples-Atlas, NPPs, vaccine sample requests etc.
Since installing Comet and third party procurement at the site our department is hand tied
There are extra barriers that are added to that slow us down.
Too many system versions leads to too much duplicate documentation for processes
The restrictions on number of engagements, types of engagements, and RAT are restrictive to customer access.
Processes need to be more streamlined and less manual, making use of the systems that are available.
Merck Animal Health is too lean and push a lot of admin duties on the sales reps.  Sales rep need to sell and not do admin work.  Hire more internal people please.
Build and maintain effective relationships
There are a lot of redundancy that can be eliminated and processes that can be improved. Sometimes it is not easy to get the information immediately but you have to dig in hundred of places and resources
Operational requirements seem overly burdensome, and budget tracking systems are hard to navigate.
My department can control only so much.
Too many different sites to go to in order to get customers updated within Veeva. We are the opposite of agile in the Field because of it.
QSIP implementation has created numerous hurdles to getting the right work done
staffing and training needs improvments
Indecisiveness often leads to slow decisions and confusion on ownership
We are limited in our scope and ability to influence work in some areas e.g. at sites.
Currently the biggest challenge to work is overcoming barriers that Merck has put between me and doing my job. This sentiment is shared with peers.
My department is oncology and we do not have control over the rules assigned for the entire company that may not apply to oncology customers
In this virtual environment caused by the pandemic, we are being asked to perform while having our capabilities restricted.  Limits of 12 FFM interactions per HCP per year are ludicrous when we have 7 people per territory calling on the same customers.  FFMs are 99% of our appointment access and without those we can’t see these customers at all.
With the challenges Covid has brought over this past year, I think I have done well with being flexible and adapting to working from home. I have had to rely on technology more than ever as a form of communication. However, I do feel that there is a significant delay with getting answers, documents, information, etc. from other departments within the company that are needed to provide great customer service to our end-users. I do understand there is a lot that is being asked from several employees from all departments during the building and testing phases of Atlas, Corevist and the Ecommerce Website. But, we still need to be able to operate 'business as usual.' There is definitely an enormous sense of frustration and exhaustion that I am experiencing not being able to provide excellent customer service due to not having access or the information that is needed to be shared to our customers.
Not really on people's radar. I feel like everyone is out for themselves, even at the leadership level. And so the challenges/barriers of the team are often overlooked.
Most of the time however regulations sometimes get in the way
In some instances we try to remove barriers but in others, they persist for years on end with no improvement. Managers also play favorites which is detrimental to the functioning of the team.
Provide employees and our families the drugs and vaccines we manufacture free of charge. Extend benefits  like caregiving benefits to all employees outside of the US.
Be more clear with the company future
Should be focused on simplifying everything and foment to take the controllable risk at the right level. Must be started by streamlining Global structure and organization, too big.
Provide the opportunity to continue with the working from home and help with the equipment needed.
Continue to have programs for employee development in other areas of the business.
Return to the work shifts we had before the pandemic
Getting the right level (number) of human resource is always a challenge. More often than not, the balance is tilted towards more work than resources.
Stress management and work distribution
Be more flexible with remote working
Continue to focus on science, innovation, digitalization, diversity and inclusion
Check in on different teams' culture, as there are big differences in culture and inclusion between teams.
Be seen as a leader in reducing waste, plastic and environmental impact.
Strive to deliver a working model that is fit for our times - a hybrid working model between office/home. Actively support working from home - don't apply old working from home policies to this new world that we are in
Continued to remove silos. Most teams/departments do not consider what input and impact other teams/departments may have on what they are doing.
I dont feel I am fairly compensated for the work i do compared to our competitors. Although I enjoy what I do and i feel a sense of belonging. I feel as though I am putting myself at a financial disadvantage by staying with MSD
Alignment of priorities between local projects and global projects to ensure best use of resources.
Continue to explore pre-clinical/clinical assets that represent significant advancement in oncology. Engagement with patient advocacy groups to understand how we can holistically help patients beyond just delivery of new medicines
Watch out for employees workload. Employees overwork or working under pressure can result in not only lost of batches (income) but also safety accidents during work. It's important to reassess the jobs workload, specially in areas of risk (production, QC, warehouse, etc). It's not because the job has been done for so many year in that way that will have to be the same way forever. Circumstances and people are in constant change.
Flexibility for remote working. Since COVID, the company needs to realise there is no need for an office environment.
Keep looking at drug pricing and if it is fair. I don't feel comfortable that we are pricing KEYTRUDA correctly to ensure more patients have access to this important medicine.
1. Review the organisational structure at a site and regional level to determine if there are synergies at middle management levels as well as role sharing 2. Improve IT software integration to improve efficiency of data analytics 3. Introduce electronic Batch Records to enable our quality organisation to work on more value adding activities. 4. Introduce an alternative product cost model (blended) that allows smaller sites to produce for local/regional/global markets, and avoid the commercial organistaion from shopping for the "best" deal. View all manufacturing sites as a single entity/portfolio. 5. Invest in MPS skills within the R&D organisation to increase speed and quality of new products to market 6. Increase people development with more short/mid term assignments of manufacturing people between sites.
1. It is not enough to comply with minimum country laws. As a global company our standards should be as high as the most liberal country laws when it comes to diversity employment. Examples; recognition and facilitation of same sex and defacto couples when opportunities arise in countries where these relationships are not legally recognized.  2. Not excluding HIV related illnesses on company health insurances.  3. More clarity on end of year review processes and the outcomes and feedback provided so we can take action and grow in response to the review outcomes 4. recognition of talent in regional areas; focus on promotion and development for smaller countries. Better understanding that roles in smaller countries are often more diverse and multifaceted than the same names role in a larger country and recognition of same.
Looking at making processes more agile, removing unnecessary steps to achieve same outcomes.
They should consolidate our ways of working and cease from continually changing the systems and the way we do things.  Improvements are good but continual change and need for training to learn new systems is stressful.
Reduce and rationalise mandatory training to that which is directly relevant to your role. Currently it is poorly targeted and compounded by the excessive SOP revisions that themselves create unnecessary training burden. The frequency of re-training for the same SOP has now got to the point where it is counterproductive as no one remembers which subtle change was introduced when, and whether they are still current.
Listen and actually take action when people say that they are overloaded.  It is no enough to send out a bunch of emails telling people to be mindful and do yoga when you keep sending through hundreds of emails and teams posts and other communications.  Things are being missed and its not that we don't have great people, it is that our great people are completely overloaded
Continue listening to employees, being well connected with them always
Keep researching, and jettison products which have been superseded!
Align Salaries to those in Capital Cities to help attract the highest level of talent and retain people that otherwise look to move to other opportunities with significantly higher salaries.
3 days per week in the office in Macquarie Park (including part-timers) feels 'at odds' with the culture we are striving for locally, MSD in other markets, and better practice flex organisations in Australia (both in and outside of pharma). Now is the time to shift our mindset, put WoW into practice, rethink this and put more trust in our people to collaborate meaningfully face-to-face when they want/need to rather than a cookie cutter approach for every week and every person.
Empower Regions to tailor US policies with the express mandate of being able to better partner with local external stakeholders to be more customer-focused (patient, clinician, payor)
Offer more training and career progression
Continue to embed ways of working across all divisions of the company, including regional and global and MRL
Continue with flexible work arrangements
We should be fully embracing our Ways of Working, especially with regards to "From Controlling to Empowering", some of the decision made recently seem to be more focused on Control and less on Empowering, which is very disappointing
Ensuring there are resources, including people, to deliver on the mission
Provide extra staff in areas which are poorly staffed to eliminate pressure on employees taking on more than their role whilst other teams have enough staff to only perform their role.
More resources on removing human middle ware.  People are still duplicating information across systems because they do not integrate properly and there are too many different systems to operate properly.  More bots and connecting software to stream line and focus on the value add expertise I was employed for, rather than data entry into systems.
Foster a culture of fairness and action complaints against workplace bullys.  Align behaviours and decision-making of management with supposed 'work ready' principles.
More opportunities to work from home.
Provide resources on ground. Empower employees to do work.
Remove artificial internal barriers between oncology business and rest of MSD
1. Provide more learning and resources to individual that fit their roles especially on digital and innovation 2. People development -- assigning stretched roles are not well defined
The only issue I have is that we receive a lot of process changes and it becomes hard to keep track of them.
Reset our culture. It is unclear what we stand for and ultimately trying to achieve. There is a general sense of internal competition which is not helping teams come together.  This has created an atmosphere where people are reluctant to speak up, confused as to why processes apply to only some areas, culminating in a general low staff engagement level and a core group of staff feeling totally undervalued or ignored.
Employment of people who are committed and passionate about deliveromg our vision and mission.
Review number of resources required to support Global Projects on a local level
We help our work each other.
in this current situation, now more than ever we need to feel a sense of inclusion and acceptance. i think it would be helpful to try and find ways to ensure that all the different departments have opportunities to interact with each other. i feel that some departments feel secluded from the rest and sometimes you can lose your sense of understanding on why we do what we do because it seems useless to the bigger picture.
1. Foster a culture of trust and empowerment. We appear  to be moving to a culture of measurements by metrics which are often unrealistic and instills fear.  2.Improve our wages. Its not good enough to aim at the median in terms of benefits. If you want mediocrity the current policy is fine but does not work if you want to be the best employer and retain the best staff.
I've been thinking about this for some time. Many of us are rapidly approaching being in the "sandwich generation" where we are about to have kids or already have kids but also have elderly parents. There are a couple of things MSD could do to really stand out from the rest of the crowd and put an emphasis on the well-being of it's employees:  1> Discounted childcare or OOSH care. Onsite childcare facility is outdated given we are increasingly WFH. Instead I would love to see MSD offer an incentive for discounted childcare as a means to bring parents back to work earlier.  2> Be revolutionary with respect to our employees and elder care. I see more and more of my colleagues needing time off to take their elderly parents to appointments or to arrange the move into aged care facilities. So I would propose 2 weeks a year of aged care (in addition to our standard sick/carers leave). Employees use it to visit care facilities, pack up a house or facilitate the sale of their parents home.
Deliver leadership message repeatedly
More benefits and perks for employees
Some of the company processes are running by ineffective people. Those people define the 'weakest links' of MSD, and the weakest link is the overall strength of the organisation. By removing ineffective people from their positions and replacing them with effective people, the talent density of MSD can be increased and the weakest links can be strengthened.  As the CEO of Netflix, Reed Hastings, said, the key to future success is to increase the talent density faster than complexity grows.
Just keep doing what you are doing
we can further think about company reputation from all aspects, and local needs are more to be respected.
Keep investing in networking and resources
Give children of long term employees the opportunity to break into MSD.
コロナ後のWays of Workingの継続
Regular feedback from our Leaders on what they see happening in our business, what they worry about and what we are doing to combat these challanges
to review the workload versus team resources, to improve work-life balance
Continue to provide different opportunities to employees, make them feel secure about their place in MSD
currently it is so good.
Review the effect of the constant changes to work systems/procedures on employees and whether they are worth while.
Develop existing employees & concentrate on specific training relevant to their role as opposed to training like Harvard Mentor that doesn't necessarily improve the direct efficiency or effectiveness that the employee can have on their day to day role.
1. Remove TOO MANY above manufacturing site teams/groups creating non value adding activities (ex. QSIP). 2. Make IT systems simple and and easy to use, rather than heavily complicated. 3. Make global systems (including quality systems) easy to understand and use, keep iterative change frequencies to a minimum (now many OPs are changing in high frequency), give the freedom for sites to digest and implement. 4. Eliminate unnecessy Tier proceses, specially in night time. 5. More external recruitment
Japan is now under JCAP. It may be better for Japan to be an independent region.
Venture into other Therapeutic Area or increase the portfolio of Vaccine.
exploring alternatives in support of new ways of working. exploring the option and feasibility of allowing employees to work from home or have flexible work hours even after the pandemic. Learning from outside of just the pharma industry. emphasizing and driving the importance of work life balance, mental health, cultivating resilience across the whole company espcially the manufacturing and shopfloor folks and it should start from the leaders.
More face to face meeting to foster collaborative and interactive work environment. At the moment, majority of the meetings are online with many IT technical issues. Improvement of technology is needed.
Have a balanced portfolio to assure people of the future Measuring people and Leaders on innovation and experimentation Involving people on the ground in decision-making Having scorecards for Leaders which are transparent and in line with expectations from their subordinates - this will ensure Leaders walk the talk
Set clear, practical expectation to team
No doubt MSD has a great sense of responsibility on their mission. To make the company a better place to work, please listen to your employees especially from bottom up. Current situation has always been top down and not much consideration are taken into employees at the bottom. All employees are important foundation of the company to ensure the success of our mission.
Listen to our customers more!
Resource constraints needs to be evaluated to ensure the team is comfortable in their deliverables.
Digitalization and encouragement for employees to try new things under COVID-19.  I personally feel that the connection between other functions are less due to COVID-19 (for example, back office and delivery team), so any initiatives including diverse division would be beneficial for engagement and motivation.
Make sure that each employee gets the best protection against covid-19 through vaccination and help employees manage work and life balance, minimizing unnecessary stress.
Management should aligned with their direction and deliver the accurate message to the employee. Recognition program is the best program to show appreciation on employee's effort
I acknowledge that we are constantly evolving to be a better company, but we need to be laser-focused on our key priorities. There are lots of work created that could have been streamlined or be removed if our leaders can come together to align on their priorities/expectations. We need to really move away from silo thinking to collaborating as a closely-knitted network.
Functional responsibility & to be inclusive of regional resources
The company did a great job of communicating updates on COVID-19 so far, it will be good to have more updates on company's strategy/vision -- what have been done/achieved, what are we doing now/progress, etc. COVID-19 has changed the way we work and enable us to see more work arrangement possibilities. Company can explore more work from home, flexible workplace/workhours arrangements to help employees cope better with family commitments and achieve work/life balance.
'take care of the people, then the people will take care of you.' encourage work-life integration, recognize success and contributions, as well as compensate based on skills, deliverables, and competitiveness.
Perhaps think of finding a way to arrange for onsite COVID vaccines to be administered to staff who want it?  This is uppermost on most people's minds.  Continuing to invest in technology so staff can enjoy a hybrid way of working.   An example of investment would be, providing small devices that serve as speaker phones for people who are on conference calls all day. This helps them to get relief from headphones and airpods.
be more open to different opinions
Set clear vision for digital/web products and media. Develop and grow leaders with agile/technology background across the globe to accelerate digital transformation and digital marketing excellence.
focus on simplicity
Provide senior leadership opportunities in regions as compared to concentrated senior leadership roles in US.
Keep doing everything that is currently occuring.
simplified the organozaiton structure and more delegation of decision making and approval
Provide reasonable support for working from home  such as ergonomically friendly furniture , monitor and keyboard in times of BCP or pandemic. People friendly environment where i can get back to work.  Flexible option on how i choose to work to deliver effectively and efficiently on all the company priorities and mission.
Enhance pipeline of products
Simplify processes - make it easier to do our jobs without the constant roadblocks of systems not integrated. Make it easier for HCPs and Suppliers to work with our company (e.g asking a small supplier to complete an IT risk Assessment and Data Privacy Assessment - over 100 technical questions doesn't make small/agile and innovative companies want to work with us). These processes are important but they need to be simplified based on levels of risk.
Remove unnecessary paperwork from us so that we can focus on sales-related task
Seek opportunities in high value/ unmet need therapy areas  Upgrade IT systems for things like purchase orders and expenses and annual leave so that they are intuitive and easy to use, and dont consume time or headspace  Continue to offer flexibility of where and how we work
Continue to put value in the 360 degrees feedback without retaliation from the person involved.
Not sure yet as I am new but so far, I have had positive experiences. It would be great if there are more networking opportunities even with remote working to learn more about MSD culture
Continue to pursue the values which have been established
Stronger guidance on how to manage personal and professional lives - especially now with all the benefits of remote working also comes the overlap into personal time with longer hours being spent on work. Also how to provide some certainty or security amidst an ongoing climate of uncertainty and instability.
To be more patient centric as stated in the mission statement: align all the strategic initiatives to perceive patients as customers, consider physicians our partners rather than customers
Care people and Invest
Job Security under covid pandamic.
MSD is already doing great for its people, hope to continue delivering what we already started for the benefit of mankind
select qualified  and experience workers
MSD is quite care about the employees which is good and need to be maintained, but maybe should try to balance the life and work of employee to improve the employee satisfaction.  MSD is god at talent developmenet and should be continued.
Roles are not defined properly. (Example : Vendor qualification done by maintenance- it need to be done by procurement) Resources not evaluated based on work load.People are working beyond work hours and weekends . Minimum time for family and personal life. Most of the time used for worklife.
It is a place to attract outstanding people
When the maximum salary is reached for a certain position for a few years what options would the employee have as a retention measure??
Invest in people Implement WoW for transformation Link AIP with personal job responsibility/performance instead of global performance
Merck and MSD has taken great length to make the company not only a great place to work and delivery on our mission but a place to call 2nd home.  More in-depth of looking at the shopfloor or lower rank colleagues welfare should be taken in seriously.  Their growth and career development is just as important.
Continuously Inventing Medicines
Continue to evolve in the changing times and be more flexible and innovative
Encourage safe to speak and work for the common good. Embody and practise inclusion and ways of working.  Some may take these as just mouthpiece but it is not supposed to be. Provide the managers with the resources to better themselves and develop their team. With the hybrid working mode, many felt that the lines between work and life are blurred. It is time to bring back good meeting practices - avoid lunch hour meeting just because (everyone should be available to "eat" at their desk at home or office) and Friday afternoon. We had these before but it all seems to be forgotten. It is even more important remind each other to avoid covid burnout and webex fatigue. Relook how the pharmaceutical industry changes affect those at the lower level. We all wanted to do more with less, but are we doing with alot alot more with a lot less. What other resources are need - I think sometime IT may need upgrading to enable doing more with less? Or the systems or practices are just antiquated?
-Commit to improve well-being (work/life balance), so that we can allocate more time and resource to think about what we can do and execute them.
continue to prioritize people development and key talent retention
Ensure Mass comminication emails are not large in size Ensure bulk sent emails are being sent to the correct people
simplify process and impower people
To respect the senniorities of employees.
EVery country differs in many ways. There are things that is applicable to one country and not applicable to other country. MSD should look into what is applicable marketing and sales strategy and what is not and adjust according to the needs of the market of the country.
be creative and steady step moving forward on bio-pharmaceutical area.
Existence of excellent managers
I want to feel safe talking about mental health issues brought about by the COVID-19 situation in our country (i.e. always on lockdown, not being able to meet SLs and KOLs face to face, feeling like the virtual meetings with them are not enough, feeling inadequate that I can't get the virtual meetings to "work," feeling frustrated all the time) that hinder me from doing my work well. I fear that I might be judged as inadequate if I bring these up and in turn, lose my job.
Everything is perfect.
There are very subtle types of bullying in the company amongst certain colleagues. It is carried out in a way that is not easy to identify to pin point. Company should continue to emphasize a no-tolerance for any form of bullying.
Plan ahead and prepare better to ensure delivery of priorities and strategy in the coming years.
simplify working procedure.
reduce unnecessary paperwork/procedures/legal strict guidance. Realistic-leaders from management
Hear the staffs concern and change .
Work life balance. Since it is work from home, sometimes boundaries between work and personal time  are not being observed.
We need flexibility mind and Compliance.
Enhance C&B plan, improve Labor union managerment.
Merck & MSD already have establish the steps on being a great place to work.  No further recommendation from me.
Simplification of processes, if possible without compromising on quality.
Strengthen the pipeline and ensure a smooth spin-off of NewCo.
Continue being the pioneer for change
Within our department, there are several contractors. It would be nice to ensure (as much as co-employment laws allow) everyone still feels a part of the one team and there is less division between the different companies.
Work and personal life balance.
Don't be a hypocrite. Say what you mean and execute what you say. As much as management wants execution, they also do not execute their words.
I feel that MSD should give equal treatment to all races. Only Malaysians are highly favored. The company only give the allowance and shoulder the SHN expenses for Malaysians only. Other foreigners not eligible. This is not fair as we are both employees of MSD.
Provide resources for developing capability and share to all employees
Could it be some welfare in traditional holidays? Such as Spring festival. Thanks.
Continue in the innovation of new drugs and to keep up to date to latest digital technologies.
Listen to the ground feedback and explain why some suggestions can/cannot be implemented
Provide more diverse training courses on fortifying productivity and on improving personal development.   We, as employees, could choose courses depending on needs, interest or wish.
If you will look at it almost what you ask for a company is already with Merck and MSD. Fair compensation, taking care of their employees and also looking after the welfare of our company. How much more they take care of their patients and full filling their mission to help, provide cure and prevent fatal illness. Let's us just continue working together regardless what you're position is we can all contribute to the company to full fill our responsibilities to the world of medicines.
Focus on the ultimate mission and how to get there/actual execution. Execution needs team work, needs all people to move forward. Real execution of people development is also important, not only for checking the list off or filling tons of template every now and then with no clear actual implementation.
Leaders should be more connected to those working the ground to understand the situation better. As leaders move higher, they may lose sight of what is working well and what is not working well, if the middle management does not communicate effectively the reality to senior leaders, and only report what is working well.
1. To Let Employees back to workplace again. 2. To Introduce more Financial Benefits for Employees of lower bands(eg : To grant  RSU'S, stock options /Employee Stock purchase Plans etc on annual/semi annual basis). 3. To Provide Clear Guidance on Travel movements and Restrictions for country specific
There are some uncertainties that are surfacing, with the recent changes in senior leadership and spin-off.  Though our lofty values and goals have not changed, the execution framework is unclear or missing the Line-of-Sight to the end point.  There is a sense that we are trying to take on too much and that is putting a strain on the talent density.  Rather than being mediocre by doing more, would it be better for us to focus on doing less and being great.  Would suggest we "Stop Starting, Start Finishing" (or reduce the rate of new initiatives) ... basically focus on realizing values from those work that we have already started rather than starting more projects, spreading our staff too thin and stress out.  The other recommendation is to have more focus on people development; creating more talents will allow us to take on more in the near future and help grow the company.
better corporate welfare to show care to staffs; more pipeline to deliver new drug & vaccine for human health
Continue to work on inclusion and respect of all staff members and work towards celebrating/recognising team work rather than individual achievements considering a lot of cross functional partnership is needed now more due to the nature of our business (specialty/oncology) to see the success of a territory.
Make sure that the Fortify our Future and transformation initiatives actually work
Innovative Pipeline (first in class) and Platform (mRNA, etc)
For Singapore MMD: Would be good to bring back the internal shuttle bus for use by all colleagues. Certain resources that I need (IT, stationery and security badge issues as well as canteen) are quite hard to access from my usual work site. Only the other sites provide those resources. Right now will have to take public bus which is inefficient and puts unnecessary risk (exposure risk to COVID-19 as there is lack of social distancing with public if bus is packed) during the work day if I need to get to those resources.
Make sure all levels value the principle of speaking up and work-life balance, not just the leaders.
Revisit the processes, how to improve it to make more efficient and simplified employee's work
- Work with frontline Representatives on their opinions to ensure better culture and commitment to decisions  - providing the employees access to relevant technology including phones to better assist us with time management and efficiency  - encourage and hold internal stakeholders to collaboration accountability to ensure OneMSD approach, particularly between sales and medical - focus on daily tasks of our jobs instead of loading up on admin requirements  - culture building by way of social events to bring the teams together
Breakdown the barriers of communication and collaboration; Instead of looking at our own plate, maybe people should focus on the big picture and work together
promote more work life balance culture
frontline empowering
Secure Employees that they will still have a job despite of the pandemic
Simplify number of IT systems used
Assess employees workload given the new normal. Look for ways to stream line some processes
Promote proplr salary match provide better health insurance stipend and provide home office support. Nuasvasive is a great competitive company that has great benefits. Learn from them
Continuing to provide more flexible, more open environment, more opportunities and staff career development which can be more competency compare to competitor in the market
PROVIDE MEANINGFUL WORK TO EVERYONE. DELIVER EFFECTIVE AND AUTHENTIC COMMUNICATION. BUILD A STRONG EMPLOYER BRAND:
More elaboration on the information/details on the directions for the teams from the leadership team
From #30 - get Merck & MSD to the top 10 places to work Work life balance
1. Merge and/or reduce some of the similar roles of the regional colleagues in order to streamline the regional structure:  For mid-side market colleagues with limited number of people, we have to get alignment on initiatives, approaches, endorsement/approval from too many regional colleagues with similar roles from different core francizes.  The processes should be more streamline so we could move from planning to implementing quicker.  2. Trust & Give more autonomy for country leaders (MD and his/her country leadership team) to make business decision without compromise our business ethics and integrity.
No idea at the moment
Listen to your people
Just continue to inspire employees to excelle and be Grateful to God for all the Blessings
A great place to work has balance. I feel that workloads are enormous and juggling this with a healthy life balance is impossible. The expectations at MSD for work load are very, very high. I work average of 10 hours per day and still struggle to keep on top of the work demands. FSP were recently let go, this has led to increased workloads and reduced morale. I love the people and our mission at MSD, it is a special place to work, but if workloads keep increasing I am afraid it will have ramifications on keeping good people.
Transparency, Understanding and 2 ways effective communications with mutual respect
Create more chances for employees to expand their working scope, e.g., rotation opportunities to other co-op departments to have a big picture of how things are working in the industry.
A happy working colleagues make a happy work environment with positive mindset. Sometimes work can have an impact of stress in different ways and to different people on how they handle it. Its good sometimes to take a step back out of work to have team bonding and activities within the department or other departments like how we used to organized back then. Especially during this hard time due to Covid19 more people have less people interaction.
Focus on the people.
be transparent & create a change management mindset
Remember again that medicines are for the people, and that each market has a different medical need vs the USA... primary care / General medicines vs Specialty / Oncology
More empathy to understand employees and "truly" listen.  Allow employees to feel safe to share their voices and not afraid of to be judged.  Current status of MSD, most employees prefer not to comment.  Silent doesn't means they are happy, it only shows they have given up the effort to feedback/share since nothing will be improved after risking to feedback truthfully.  We know company is accountable to financial report, upper management, shareholders, but equally, ground employees are the base keeping operations/business going.  It is sad seeing more and more people leaving MSD.
I can't really envision my career path in the company right now. Seems like there are too many uncertainty on how I can contribute better.
Provide more opportunities for locals to assume leadership positions, allow locals to be part of the succession plan and realized these plans. Whenever there is a director and above role open, it was never a local that assumed the position. The role was always given to foreigners, imported foreigners who had never been to the country and have never worked at the site before.
Maintain the welfare and safety of their employees as well continue to Inspire a positive corporate Culture with a healthy work environment.
More diversified opportunity for career development
work & life balance. a lot of technicians need to work extra hours to achieve either weekly/monthly production target. this also cause a lot of them have no enough time to rest and for their family.  benefit for employee was reduce year by year (not as good as previous days)and some changes also cause difficulty to technicians. something still can be improved to make this place nice to work and progress.
Merck and MSD have done a good job！
Improve training to people managers; more high-level decision on job separation and team collaboration to avoid overlapping works
Devise ways to build agility within the company so that MSD could respond to the external environmental more effectively, starting with alignment across divisions and departments, clear implementation plans with RACI defined and assignment of accountability for execution and R.O.I.
Continue open communication and collaboration with people for every projects/ planning for the future
Establish program and provide more career progression opportunity for younger staff.
To further value employee’s welfare, heath and security.
We need to do a better job of living our values, particularly in relation to how we place the patient at the centre of everything that we do. We need to remove barriers that prevent MSD from better understanding the patient voice and to hear directly from patients about their experiences. Legal and compliance barriers restrict our ability to better understand the needs and the experiences of the patient.
To extend some of project timeline with given situation. i found it's aggressive as we have plenty of projects one to another without giving us some break
Focus on objectives
Simplify the processes for verification of our CME events and all the computer work to create  an event for cme. Do away with auditors.
more focused on daily life of employees. and enhance the sense of belonging especially for 3rd party employees since more and more restricted HC policy
COVID situation is very stress and very  very scary for me.I' d like to spend safety every day. So The Diversity of Merk and MSD is very great,but I want to recognize more variety working(stay home),and ways of thinking.
Build more career opportunities and compensate people who work above and beyond their current scope
Give priority to the skill
Less paperwork and processes. Reduce the number of VE as not all HCPs agree to conduct video call with reps. Only sent new and updated emailers to HCPs
Improve the salary benchmark while compare with other competitors in industry.
Provide a good business laptop for us to perform our tasks effectively.
Go Digital with Integrated systems
ground level people survey and  any  one give the best suggestion give the awards .
understand the different situations in every territory / area, since every territory are not the same and are always in different situations.
Merck and MSD prioritize people as their human resources, by paying attention to the welfare and health of their employees. And as a place to learn in improving various skills at work
Employee with family (especially with kids) needed a work life balance lifestyle especially during the pandemic.
Trying to streamline the process is a good thing, but thinking that once improve the process could reduce the manpower, may not be the fact. Since we are not robot, we need to build up our knowledge and take time to master all the policies and requirement. Not just complete the tasks.
MSD China is a very important market , hope MSD can have a overall China strategy which is covering all Divisions （MRL, GHH, MMD, AH) .to help the overall growth in China.
so far has been great
Simplify the reimbursement process
Innovate more products.
transparent in any decision or plan to overcome the employee's unknown fears.
Enhance the human resource development.
First and foremost, the sense of belonging is missing.
Create diversity with internal hiring by ensuring you open up newly created positions to company employees
Right promotion and hiring for leader roles who have the right knowledge and experience to be able to discern different opinions on the pre-requisite to make sure opinions of different perspectives are freely expressed and also more importantly to make sure employees feel safe to do with real examples of employees are genuinely valued and not penalised for making different opinions.
more flexible work mode and increase welfare
I think some process need improvement, so it can take less time to resolve problems
We try never to forget that medicine is for the people. It is not for the profits. The profits follow, and if we have remembered that, they have never failed to appear. The better we have remembered it, the larger they have been.  We seem to have forgotten!
Improved supply.
Taking into consideration the present situation when it comes to sales target setting and target engagements
Our Leaders should be more understanding and care how difficult it is to work at this time.  We have tons of objectives that pop-ups time to time which affects our priorities that we have sent this year.  They also have to communicate well on what is expected and what are new priorities receive.  Our leaders have to adapt with the new ways of working so that they can help set as a example for their team
try to minimize less employee turnover rate
Consider needs of mother’ worker and allow more flexibility of work
Continue to become a company who is willing to hear the concerns and challenges of the employee.
Nothing
Besides the D&I Initiatives, maybe we could focus also more on employee Mental Wellness.
Always consider their employee’s safety and also our family
It's very challenging to work with the colleagues that have been with MSD long service employee (old timer). They are resistance to change when we challenge the way of doing work that can be simplified and improve. The challenge working in MSD is managing stakeholders as they are very much quite used to their own ways and resistance to change. There's a lot of opportunities for improvement in the way of work and make things simpler while in compliance but this was somehow not taken into consideration.  Due to the recent spin off  to Organon, another wave of challenge came in, current employee that is going over to Organon may  have some project or ongoing work. There was no proper platform for handover and only pushing out to MSD/Merck employee and whenever support was asked, the excuse given was no bandwidth. This has caused a lot of confusion and time spend for the person that have to take over the task.
The survey responses I've given are based solely on the department & team that I work in. My negative responses probably look like a tantrum from a disgruntled employee. Disgruntled employee yes, tantrum no. Sadly the responses I've given are an accurate assessment of my team leader’s impact on me & my team. I tried to write a summary of all the issues that my teammates and I face on a daily basis, only to be prevented by a character limit. This pretty much sums up what working in my department is like; no recourse for concerns or suggestions for improvement. There are many issues I could raise, however I feel there is probably no point. I have no faith that MSD is interested in people, except as resources. In my area we are certainly not considered to be people with lives & personal issues. That may explain why many of my colleagues’ mental health is suffering. It saddens me that many of us feel that MSD is not supporting us.
continue to work on improving work life balance for the employees especially those with families but constantly required to take night calls and return text messages after office hours
Walk the talk
1. Continue investing in research and development.  2. Evolve into a learning organization and promote collaboration. (experimental mindset - fail fast, learn faster) 3. Give more opportunities for cross-country and cross-division/subdivision assignments. 4. Specifically in China - care employees more; revisit compensation strategy to attract and retain top talents; provide enough work resources to employees, especially IT; experiment on hybrid and remote work.
Please focus at Field level as well Need to launch new products
Adjust quickly according to salesforce needs in the field in order to be competitive
Further streamline and standardize procedures to improve efficiency.
Be open to new ideas and stop discouraging change to the way things have been done
more comfortable office environment, more strong admin support, more flexible working place and more oppertunity and support from upper management
Foster an open and collaborative environment that encourages discussion amongst team members regardless of age, background, etc.
Give equal opportunities to all the employees.
provide sufficient resources as there is no work life balance currently
Simplify some procedures to speed up the process .
stop silo between division.  better communication from global to local subsidiaries.  global should consider and understand complexity of local countries when initiate any project.  Standardization is good but has to consider local compliance as well.
Reassess Human Resource requirements to ensure Local Business remains optimally supported to maximise the commercial potential of the Organisation ... particularly as it is going through a period of rapid expansion
listen to the first line staff's voice
Please allow employees to take more wellness leaves. In APAC region we have very few annual leaves and sick leaves require you to submit medical certificate from doctor. There are often times when one is feeling tired out from all of the pandemic stress, extended work hours from supporting global projects, family/child care and wants to get some rest. Why not convert sick leaves to wellness leaves considering the stressful times we are in and allow employees to leverage a few days off without having to dip into our own limited Annual leaves?
Reduce complexity. pause the torrent of global initiatives.
Support on work resources
More transparency needed from management. Also Tbm s lack respect in this company
I think it is important to eliminate vertical society than now on our workplace in Japan.
Allow people to work from home without being prejudiced or feel inferior that some are working from home while others are on site. Everyone should be treated equally whether working remotely or at the office
We fail for country specific requirement.  Customization is very necessary.  We do not customize that's my feeling.
Research and development
1.Continuously trust building between HQ and local team; 2.Promotion mechanism, comparing with extremely competitive external environment
Merck/MSD should be more agreessive in more other company aquistions and joint ventures to meet top-line numbers. This work should involve folks from Non-US region as well. So everyone gets a fair opportunity and experience to work in such type of assignments and rare life-time opportunities.
Demand for new products like Januvia
Merck and MSD was already prioritize the needs of the employees
Go back to its heritage of "hire to retire". The atmosphere seems to be more driven towards results at all costs rather than focusing on the patients.
Covid19 vaccinations for employees . Especially those who work for the hopital for employee safety
To believe,  to have confidence and to empower JCAP leadership team in their leadership.
Become less divisional and departmental. Rationalise 'licence to operate' business requirements.
keep up the good work and continue to embrace the values and ways of working
Employees are the best resources of MSD in order to be successful in delivering our mission. We are all trying to be agile in this situation. Make sure toshow value to employees especially in this time of pandemic. Be aggressive in providing utmost care to those affected by COVID. Offer all support and assistance to those employees in need including their families. Not all have beautiful houses or enough budget to support families. MSD should not let COVID + employees suffer in quarantine facilities or shoulder COVID tests alone. In this trying times, we all need our company to be there for us. Also, in this situation, I hope MSD will not force employees to do face to face coverage especially if lives are at risk of having COVID. It is too risky outside. Some MDs are hiding from PHRs. Our sales targets and MD engagements are also very high. I hope MSD will be considerate in this trying times because performances are greatly affected. We are doing our best to do our jobs.
Continue to support work-life balance and eliminate low value, low priority work. Reduce internal, resource intensive processes and allow more time for customer/patient oriented activities and driving the business.
Advocacy Programs for colleagues to stay resilient in bringing medicines to people and mission in saving lives
I feel that during this situation, our company has very well managed and equipped the employee to stay working stable. The WFH mode does not impact myself or my surrounding team performance, especially for those who needs long time to commute to workplace during normal situation. It also created a more supportive environment for my work life balance. I hope WFH would be given as the choice of working option in the future, even after the pandemic is over.
work life balance is still a challenge, as more is expected with less resources during the transformation journey,  tools/support (on transformation) is not readily available
Currently I am very satisfied how MSD takes care of the Employees during this Pandemic and that despite the situation we feel secured that we won’t lose our job. The way management supports us in terms of work and personal has great impact on how we maintain focused and calm.
Maintain our core values ,integrity and Respect to all the employees...
Need to focus more on the team building approaches and to make everyone feeling better by making them equal responsible for all the tasks. Culture foundation for teams are most important thing to bring success for business.
have a wide chance/project/program for employee having a cross function/department for career growth opportunity
Agreed that Merck & MSD is great place to work , it would be great if we can have some offers for pregnant women , thanks
Taking proactively and wise decisions in this pandemic situations  Urgent need of new product inclusion in CVM division of MSD  Diversity inclusion and provide female colleague best atmosphere to work freely , stress free and always motivating them to grow further  Provide time to time assessment for TBM to move towards next level i.e. ( STM , LTM )
Continue fortifying our future, our values & standards, and Ways of Working. I’m just proud to be part of MSD!
Continue to foster a flexible approach to work (it's a thing you do not a place you go), provide resource where needed and remove/reduce internal obstacles to innovation and implementation.
Review of historical sales and provide realistic sales targets in thiis times of pandemic
Transparency in communication
Continue to listen to employees and actively communicate what is being done to address any concerns.
always listen to your people on what on their minds and feel free to ask them what are their struggles during this time of pandemic
Increase employee compensation and benefits, because China’s rapid economic development, the existing compensation benefits are not enough to compete.
Remove inequities in role mapping/levelling (Eg GSF relative to HH) so that perceived or real unfairness is minimised.
Just continue to innovate and create nore medicines and vaccines for the inprovement of healthcare system of this world.
Minimize the number of levels and have a meaningful hierarchy with sensible, inspiring leaders NOT managers OR have a mechanism to identify such leaders
Continue to create quality products.
Cross functional team collaboration is one of cornerstones to success. It means mutual agreement and discussion are crucial for decision making. I strongly suggest non-HH functions e.g. GMSA to discuss their support change to HH due to structure change ahead of final decision so that we can identify a solution to manage changes and collaboration between HH & GMSA
Im ok of what MSD did to us during this time.
Continue doing what they're doing.
Allow employees to freely express their suggestions during team meetings
Promotion should be determined based on competency.Admit challenge.This company seems too consevertive.
leaders to lead by example, embrace desired culture/ values and provide timely feedback to jerky behaviors/ actions to promote D&I and work efficiency
More "people minded". Put right people in a right place.  Senior leadership members and HR need to be more empathetic
Among the division there need to be peer bonding to understand and to support each other. So they all hold hands together and work together for the company prospective. Company need to make small group meeting just to understand the individual. Activity should be in such a way that they come closer together and develop a strong team to face all challenges. So it becomes a better place to work and company also would go to the next level.
build up our research capability to invent and maximize our manufacturing capacity to deliver
Create a healthy competition, respect your subordinates.
Minimise too many verticals.. Give empowerment to local too....
I hope that the company will still continue find  simple ways or means that will help their employees overcome the very challenging sales target so that at the end of the quarter the sales people will still feel rewarded and motivated with all the efforts they exerted in delivering their work.
no comments currently
Keep breaking down internal silos, but in a way that is efficient and doesn't involve unnecessary duplication of cross-functional reporting
simplify the procedure to reduce the time
Focus to improve / challenge new ways of working
work location  famiry
Need to support the Employee during these tough time, understand the real challenges faced by employee in day to day operation & try to find out the possible way to overcome these challenges.
Ensure employees have up to date technology resources required for their role to operate efficiently and effectively. Ensure teams are adequately resourced and business expectations are adjusted based on team resources.
New launch of products
Reevaluate our current prioritization vs current work resources we have, else work-life balance will remain as a fanciful term
Company is doing the Best of its level , I think continuing the same will lead company to greater heights
We should have strong product portfolio in our pipeline.
For the past year when the pandemic struck the country, Merck/MSD has done all necessary actions and adjustments for the better welfare of all their employees, and I cannot thank the company enough for what they had done so far. The company never stops to reach out to us , to check even our families and ensure the safety of all their employees and household members. Just continue what they've been doing now , taking care of their people, in order for all of us employees to give back to the company and ensure that Merck/MSD will last for a long time here in the Philippines.
MSD needs to address the compensation packages for employees, also to be more aware of how things like this are communicated to the wider team. Recent announcements have been very badly communicated
1. pay more attention to work life balance and workload.  2. give more support to front line managers about employee coaching, mental health and career planning; there is a growing demand when the organization expand and managing people on top of business priorities about stress, work-life balance, competition for career progression and maturity of young staff
Give opportunities to lower and mid management to rise above instead of external hires.
1. Expend the working place, minimize the shift seats as possible as they can so as give us the belongings.
Jab security is the most important at this point of time a specially for CVM .
Work on practical scenario not only past or theoretical scenario .
Work should be distributed equally on every level of hierarchy. Managers(BM's) should work equally and understand the difficulties face by TBM's. Rather than dictating TBM's managers should also face the problems which a TBM faces. There should be place where one can find role and responsibilities of every employee. Company should adopt different ways to connect with customers(Phone calls, WhatsApp call/massage etc.)
I feel any company is based on there research and sales force. Give them some liberty and take care field force should be more focused on sales. in our industry every work like admin as well as everything is been a burden on sales force.
Staff's comprehensive career development.
To increase more headcounts to different support departments.
Continue to deliver premium brands and reinforce employees by giving enough resources in order for us to work efficiently
1. Continue with the values and behaviors 2. Look into providing additional resources to support company-wide initiatives 3. Continue to seek employee feedback
Open for discussion and everyone welcome to ask freely. More trust.
Our organizations are too lean, very difficult to work.
Always considers peoples welfare in terms of workplace.
More interaction with HQ
Simplify decision make process.
1) employees are the strength to MSD train that 2)Need more new products. 3) team building activities are very important
It is recommended to utilize the risk based approach to manage the study, put more efforts to make the process be complete to support the business. Besides the business delivery, to develop the function culture and communication, and improve the internal team cohesion.
reduce workload pressure, increase headcount together with the newly assigned tasks
Additional health protection & safety against virulence of COVID at this time of Pandemic
Kindly specify what new pipeline coming in organisation
We should try to streamline the reporting structure to maximize the cross functional collaboration.
Keeping staff motivated and engaged - Frequent townhall meetings sharing and reminding company's goals/objectives/pipeline - continue workplace flexibility - continue Yarn sessions (patient/success stories)
Continue the medical benefits to the MSD Employee And Develop more talent inside the organization. I’m happy and satisfied working with MSD Phils. More power and Keep safe.
Think through potential consequences before launching new processes - will it help or hinder, does it improve outcomes or just take more time, what impact does this decision have on countries outside of US or Europe.
- Before endorsing global projects better resource planning and impact assessment needs to be done as they are rolled down to manufacturing sites.  - Its commendable to see that Merck and MSD have significantly increased the R&D budget however it would be good to see results in a stronger pipeline i.e. accountability and transparency - Simplify the organization - too many global groups with complex R&R resulting in manufacturing sites taking the brunt of the workload while corporate / global groups dont have access to systems or is out of their R&R.
I am happy with the current policies and Way of working. Hence do not have any comment on this
Continue to help the community with innovative products
Prioritize on what projects to go first and allocate enough resources to implement the project. Currently there are multiple projects that come to site level but with no additional resources allocated and all projects are on high priority. We need to allocate people at shopfloor to support the projects and this impact the efficiency and quality of work at shopfloor level as people cannot focus on their main job scope anymore.
Continue to keep employees updated of the upcoming business / finance updates & continue to support employee in terms of development & remote working & making MSD / Merck a pleasant place to work.
Our Company already had great values inbuild also newly added values i.e. proactiveness ,flexibility, collaboration will surely have positive impact on the productivity and good environment. so as of now nothing to added
To create working environment for concentrate their own role. now everyone seems fear because of too much strong top down message and instruction. and some of them are concerning about job security, and not able to keep their life work balance.
Staff care and encouragement
Change management and align with global processes
It would be great if the unnecessary steps that have been slowing us down can be removed from our daily work.
Make the company a really safe to speak environment. Currently is only lip service from senior management. Nobody trust the safe to speak culture.
Be as before more employee centric sign ,reiteration on importance of free to speak and culture sustainable which is missing  presently.
Actually go through with training when it is first suggested to staff. Create development opportunities that staff are excited about and don't feel it's a chore to complete. Allow flexible work arrangements in traditionally non-flexible environments such as manufacturing teams. Encourage and support staff to not only think of new ways to do things but to actually follow through the changes. Create clear and concise guidelines for movement up/away from their current roles that they can create goals to reach. More visibility of work happening by staff beyond their roles. Keep roles and responsibilities where they are meant to be. Ie. Production staff doing manufacturing, not performing trials. Having different tiers of staff within teams eg. Having staff who are lead manufacturers, staff who are support manufacturers and staff who are there for cleaning/staging etc.
1. Help in breaking Silos and allow one common vision across MSD  2.Drive the culture of Safe to Speak up 3.Make D&I Initiative's as part of everyday work across enterprise
could provide more ralated training if possible.
Create a sense of belongingness and work as one unit. For example, when addressing mails to a group of direct / indirect reports, it should be 'Dear Colleagues' instead of 'Hi all', 'Dear all' which if done creates a feeling of big gap between the Manager and his reports and no sense of belongingness felt
We missed the opportunity to deliver a solution to one of the biggest acute healthcare issues in a century (COVID-19). I'd say the company response was near catastrophic which showed up our complacency and lack of agility in a crisis. Imaging how fantastic we would feel if MSD led the way with vaccines and medicine solutions for the pandemic. We lacked urgency, failed to be proactive and dropped the ball several times. Never got the sense that MSD was committed to acting quickly to save peoples lives.
- Provide incentive / assistance whenever employee would like to relocate to a region where there is a business need. - Increase salary to meet market expectations. - Promote voluntary work.
it would be better if the company can provide more opportunity of employer training.  it would be better if employers can have more opportunity for free talk about company's developments.
Labor union maybe help MSD to a greater and colorful place to work
Good relationship and work environment. Good benefits and compensation.
Kindly provide travel safety for field colleague
Make sure the mission is same in every country.
If recognised to a achiever’ s family also. They can also think that his/ her spouse work a great place
希望MSD 可以更加重视work life balance。
Work From Home should be encouraged and Essential Resources should be provided to employees to ensure they can work effectively and feel supported. Work Space Options should be provided to choose from and reimbursed incase managing important meetings and Work from home is a challenge.
Should have more open system of communication both ways.
Company should review few of there policy like travelling fare need to revise as fuel rates are increased highly
MSD as it is goes on introducing different ways of increasing engagement of employees. They should continue doing that and as and when the employees shall be engaged in a positive way we all (company and employees) shall be delivering on our mission.
Need new products for future growth
MSD is great place to work.
Work with positivity
Due to LOE Januvia we need a new product to give the same momentum to the organisation.
Thinking Employee benefit and improve work resource
Manage our HCP is new way so that our productive improve
Reveal the pipe line products in the near future , Give the updates on the segment  that is being  more exercised in the organisation ,
Great environment in MSD
Fast decision making regarding increase of field working allowances. It’s already late. Clarity on communication  Rewarding effective employees
Give employees more platforms to share their voice. Create more forums for employees to share their stories about how they work, whom they have worked with and how their lives have been touched by fellow colleagues, leaders, suppliers, customers.
First take opinions form TBMS . I feel that so many employees doesn’t have MBA degree but they are well organised , planned and execution levels.  Events are conducted in very cumbersome process. I request process to be simple for TBMS to concentrate in work.  Sometimes we are in possession what to says in front of customers .  Make SOPS are reliable and convenient for TBMS. Then all obstacles can be overcome by TBMS .and reach our targets very easily .
Direct medium of connect to field colleagues and LT Team through a representative of field and shall be in close monitoring and contact.
Should work on the CTC, Expenses (Surely) and incentives.
1. Engage with leaders to avoid imposing unrelated job roles to others. 2. Recognise employee's efforts done by the employee for the company with reasonable salaries.
Balancing Work Resources
Overall, MSD is a great place to work. Yet, at this moment in time there are some challenges. I have many years of experience and well-developed transferable skill sets that I am not using (or my role has changed so that they are no longer in demand in the role). I would like to see a responsive 'gig' type arrangement where you could flex into another role for, perhaps, one day a week. Or, more opportunity for those other skills sets to be accessed for short term projects. I have a lot to offer, but, lately, it seems that my value is not appreciated or understood.
1. We need some more products before the Januvia loss of exclusivity (patent expiring in mid 2022).
Listen and trust your employees' (end users) feedback and customers (HCPs) input in decision making for outcome that makes sense, get buy-in and ownership in driving better outcome together. Be transparent & timely in communication, realistic & pragmatic in expectation/decision, decision priority to support & improve business objective/customers experience/outcome vs KPI only
Increment at the right time given.
customer first perspective, flexible system, fairness and transparency, appropriate assessment and rewards.
A coordinated plan to invest and help the department leverage technology or provide skilled resource to take work out of processes.
Transparency & politics free environment at work
Work with company noms and compliance.
Better resource our Business / Customer analytics
Understand the impacts of excellent health on the effectiveness of our medicines and market healthy living with our medicines.
Merck and MSD is one of largest pharmaceutical companies in the world. Being a big MNC right now Merck and MSD should focus on 3 Ps to me right now, and they are Process, People and Performance. It is linked to each other, if the PROCESS for the entire company goes well, PEOPLE will be retained and job satisfaction will come, so it will be reflected by Merck and MSD’s overall PERFORMANCE at the end. So together as an organisation it will RISE
To move faster to keep up with our competitor situation in Oncology. We are being left behind, particularly BMS when it comes to giving access to patients before PBS is granted.
Be just and fair when select and develop talent.  Make promotion open and transparent. Management team always fit their deeds to their words.
MSD is known for its culture and employees. And I am sure that it will continue always. Going ahead , MSD should expand its portfolio to serve more and more people.
Consider team staff development, which may maintain more experienced staff.
Appreciate employee more by rewarding and complement them for their support & achievement.
MSD is very good and nice company.  Very people friendly nature. We will go together and grow together.
Continue to enhance Way-of-Working, especially regarding collaboration across Divisions / Functions / Sub-Functions; encourage learning and experimentation; and encourage inclusion of different perspectives / culture / background.
MSD is going through change, it is important to keep the stakeholders posted about what this change means, how is the leadership addressing employee's concerns etc. It is also important to hear various perspectives and minimise dictates funneling down. Participative inputs would strengthen not only engagements, but also will steer organisation to greater heights
build "silos to networks" culture.
I am very satisfied with the present company situation
Improve and simplify sytems, there has been improvement but it is still hard to find information when it is needed
more flexibility on working hour & place, improve employee benifit
As it is, MSD is a great place to work.
Company should give clear idea about what will be the action plan after LOE, and is there any new product is there in pipeline or
Going back to "medicines are for the people, profits will follow".  The leaders should be cognizant of what is happening in the market and the real pulse of the customers in order to make decisions that will not just benefit a few.
1. Create tools/channels to listen from patients and get real time feedback 2. Focus on creating more access solutions which is beyond the drug/pill solutions 3. In digital engagement tools: go beyond Veeva engage 4. At country level: Setup Product Prioritization Committees to plan & engage better with EDRC/LDRC and ensure launch success.
HR policies and employee benefits need to be revised like other global companies.
Its pleasure to work with Merck. I think the compensation per se it could have been better.  Also, systems in place are complex which sometimes make working time consuming. efforts should be taken to make systems more smooth and  user friendly
Some of the processes/training around using our systems seems clunky or a barrier to getting things done. Examples include Procurement SAP vendor loading, lack of training in systems like Aera, Midas.  Review of onboarding process - there is a lot of overlap between CorpU & mylearning modules.  One of the best set of company aspirational goals I have seen - but also goals that the company prides itself in and works towards. Really impressed by living of our values and trying to get alignment across the business.
Merck and MSD should work to introduce innovative products in market
Better employee benefit as a pharmaceutical company.
Increase their commission component. Send out letters regarding pay increases etc
to stay focus on the top priorities instead of having too many priorities at the sametimes.
Everything well in advance in msd
MSD should look to increase our daily allowances and also provide domicillary medical treatment allowance to us . There is too much sales pressure on us put on by business mangers and RBM’s despite this pandemic which creates lot of mental stress and effects our personal life and well being.
Continue with process improvement initiatives which will make our work better (and help deliver our mission better) and also give back more time to the employees
increase more development opportunities
improve on canteen food, transport, training
Train our managers how to appreciate efficient work and train them how to simplify the things, make sure company has enough resources to avoid stress at work.
Get rid of people that bully. That would be a great first step.
Working environments is good. Safety first
Pipeline is important and speed in decision making
Inventing for life.
In India new product launches and clear plans from CLT teams for future of employees
We have many great employees. Link them together to create powerful value for this family.
simplification and prioritization is key. We have been saying this but cannot put it into practice. We are becoming a leaner organization with less resources, expecting same amount of work from fewer people because we cannot prioritize and ultimately drive people to burnout and stress.
Allow further employment standards, adding HR when needed, lower the pressure
MSD should follow the declared principles.
Keep investing in new product launch and innovation method of promotion
Bringing new products and building up the strong engagement plan with HCP’s
Continue focus on costumer & patients, Strengthening skills of employee, finding & adopting new ways of working
On a BU level - More detailed communication, taking staff on the journey.  Acknowledge that the feedback provided by the sales teams comes from customers and it needs to be considered rather than ignored.  Management across the group - marketing/tech etc. need to spend more time in field talking to customers in different states to gain a better understanding of their needs and the reason for their push back.
process  more flexible and easier
Increase the New Product Launch So that there is right balance between Off patents and Patent Products for the Best future of the company.
Invest to people and give motivation award for Covid
İ trust my company , ihope to wrok a long time in the msd.
Slightly better work - personal life balance.
Make employees feel appreciated.
THERE SHOULD NOT BE RETALIATION AGAINST PEOPLE WHO SPEAK UP  PEOPLE SHOULD BE TREATED WITH RESPECT AND DIGNITY THERE SHOULD BE NO DISCRIMINATION AGAINST EMPLOYEES COMPLIANCE SHOULD RESPOND TO EMPLOYEES MAILS EMPLOYEES SHOULD BE HEARD AND NATURAL JUSTICE SHOULD PREVAIL
I believe the Company is doing the right things. One improvement that is required is to have a more decentralized decision making process and the pace of decision making need to increase. we take too much time in debating and the decision gets delayed.
Manager should work on career path for each subordinate
Enhance Networking within the Company at cross-divisional level
more flexibility in working from home vs working from the office
Focus on improving work life balance of employees, by simplifying some procedures (where applicable) or governance model of some activities (where applicable). BCMs especially have huge workload due to the many procedures that are responsible for.
Personel should not preceived as a cost, but as a valuable asset and investment
Be more transparent..because most of the time the problem for bottom line FLS team either sideline by superior by saying focus on other things or denied
Continuous respect, trust, diversity, innovation, workplace justice and work-life balance.
To reach more patients and customers with new products
Take more feedbacks from employee
1.Developing more promising products；2.balance the compliance policy and business development better.
Look at workload and hence pressures people are under.  People are starting to show physical signs of stress, as they are asked to go above and beyond continuously.
To make decision making processes more simple. Having too many review layers would be requiring employees' too much effort for internal document authoring and/or presentation and preventing our company from prompt decision making. Our company should weigh "speed" more to achieve our mission in such a VUCA environment.
New products,
Improve simplicity of processes. Continue to champion flexible work arrangements, particularly learning from the covid experiences.
Should take feedback from field force before implementing any campaign or any new thing.
Company devide all products in 2 divisions
Company should coming up with new drugs as Januvia LOE will be happened next year. In India generic market will give us immense challenges so it will be better to have any alternative products and create another market altogether.
Stronger partnership and seamless alignment between HH and MRL
Accept the challenges posed by Pandemic, lead by example to come out with resources / products to deal with current situation and make every contribution counts in serving patients.
To involve person who have various backgrounds as managers and senior managements.
Better clarity on developmental opportunities. Listen to employees more often.
More CapEx spending on things that will improve efficiency and reduce manual handling/eliminate safety hazards. It frustrates me that we have a focus on reducing the cost of goods (i.e. procure raw materials of a lesser quality because they are cheaper), however the flow-on effect of this means that there are unseen costs (increased inspection levels + time spent on Deviations). I believe reinstating the 'Right First Time' principle would be of significant benefit to our company. I do believe our company has made many fantastic improvements/changes in the HR area, and I feel strongly about continuing to offer employees the option of working from home wherever possible. It has been wonderful to see the casual workforce reduced (more employees offered permanent roles); it would be wonderful to see this continued as much as possible for roles that are not genuinely casual in nature.
Need to talk about what they are planning for future growth specially how they will manage the things when the molecule is going out of patent. Looking at the competitive environment & the need to get differentiate ourself from others what is our plan which is different from others.  Has to think about area wise country wise requirement because everywhere the global policies and procedures will not applied to grow.
Talent retention and great rewards for thise who exceed expectation. Reduce politics and favoritism.
We need to have a good look at how the company actually operates across ALL levels and functions and how these work together. We have sub-optimized parts here and there and cut resources (and increased our internal focus and bureacracy). Many finance and IT "development" projects seem to forget input from end-users completely, increasing the burden at GHH side and leaders/managers are not interested in developing how work is done and systems and processes can be improved.   We need to have the mentality that things can and should be done and organized better and leaders need to be incentiviced to do this. We are bound by some many global requirements that just saying and imple,menting agile ceremonies does not make us agile unless the entity is also considered.    People really want to make an impact and deliver our mission, but the corporation has made it very difficult to implement in practice and has not provided the (support) resources to do this.
Put the right people in the right jobs. Senior management are in the detail and not leading the site strategically. We are really  under resourced and stressed. Accidents will happen. People will resign. This cannot go on.
Continue to  collaborate across all departments to achieve company’s goal.
remember that medicine is for the patient. It is not for the profits.
Flexibility (in regards to working location either in home country or other country)
Make sure that the employees don't have too much stress to manage
Provide employees better and more opportunities to get promoted within less time period.
align Quality targets with business (IPT) targets. have more diversity in the OLT comments above apply to my current manager at QA IPT, i am working on a 6 month traineeship, comments do not apply to that position
stop changing so many things at once - we are ALL absolutely overwhelmed by process changes, system changes, company split happening at once...
Ensure support for flexible work arrangements continue into the future.
Valuate people financially for their work: no financial blocks if people perform outstanding
There are still 'silos' - working together across all divisions and getting rid of barriers should remain a point of focus.  Also, sometimes I'm a bit overwhelmed with all the activities/information that are out there in the company - no normal human with a regular job to do can attend/read/inform on everything - yet, sometimes makes me feel I'm missing out on something important/helpful.
Streamline on line systems e.g. raising a  PO is unnecessarily cumbersome Increase human resources supporting compliance and legal as this can come under pressure and slow workstreams  Offer more flexibility in medicines access programs for oncol patients who have had a response to treatment or lower the $60K cap
1.Retire autocratic decision making,  Consult employees first prior to rolling out mandated changes At the end of 2020 Australian management dictated non field based personnel to come back to the office 3 days/ week in 2021.  This crashed morale across the business and generated the perception that CLT are archaic and cannot transition to a virtual way / new way of doing business. It was poignant since we had all year being focused on working in new ways!! Everyone had been working so hard to maintain business momentum in 2020 basically the management dictate said 'thanks but not thanks for all you have done; Let individuals and teams work out how to work with each other and their stakeholders rather than a top down management approach .eg setting an arbitrary 3 days a week 'work in the office' for non field based staff. Increase flexibility for part timers - everyone who is not field based has been told to work 3 days a week in the office so even those working part time two days a week have to work both day
The company is indeed a great place to work. It can probably have more celebration of success, recognizing every levels of employees doing their best adopting new ways of working during the difficult pandemic time.
I'm hope there the dining area would be bigger in the office because currently Singapore office dining area are too small. When the dining area are fully occupied you have go to another floor level for your meals.
MSD should act more with a practical (risk based) approach to avoid high project and/or operational costs and rely more on local procedures and requirements.
When decision have to come from the top, ensure involvment of SME from the bottom of our organization
Have a good balance between home work and working at site for office personell.
Further breaking down barriers to enable more collaborative ventures, and knowledge sharing to prevent dilution/loss due to people movement
Always  ebnsure that employees are happy and have a work life balance
Put the right people on the right place
In my opinion, a plan for going back to work travel it's necessary for our mindset and productivity. The vaccination campaign works very well and at this point we should know what is next for us. At least some milestones should be communicated to people in order to handle this remote situation.
Feel there is high level of beaurocracy regardless of the regulated environment of a Pharma company. Some processes per department in IT could be avoided or become more flexible  in order to utilise fully the automation and cloud concept.
More focus on work/life balance.  Focus on unifying meeting free time across the region in order to bring down the number of meetings and make way for execution of all the plans and strategies we discuss in meetings.
To value the employee's work, efforts done for good work (even by sacrificing the personal time).
Keep up the good work, promoting healthy work/life balance, flexible arrangements, promoting diversion and inclusion, and removing any barriers to sharing your own opinion. This all leads to greater engagement and commitment from everyone to deliver on our mission. I believe the company is doing a good job. However, this must be constantly promoted to strengthen the culture or all work can easily get lost.
Lot of global initiatives add more complexity to our processes rather than simplifying them. A bottoms up review of any new changes & proposed solutions will help the business become more efficient and provided the avenue for necessary feedback for effective initiatives & measures.
Heavy workload, but low pay, so should increase the pay
To create safe and healthy environment for all to work peacefully in COVID situation
(1) Greater transparency across globa/region/local.  For example, some SLs are invited to participate in global EIFs however we do not have the visibility on what was discussed resulting sometimes in duplicative work which have annoyed SLs. (2) Updated salary benchmarking to market.
To even more provide tools and working behaviour to support our employees. To enable our employee to focus on their corejob and have support for administrative task and other distractions that are not the core activities
more resources to ensure there are no shortage of employees within departments, so employee can better manage the work/life balance and be able to stress less
-eliminate the use of Sharepoint, Engagezone, shared drives so that as a company we only use a single repository of day to day work/documents/powerpoints/etc. it's great to want to drive KN and the use of Teams...but if we still have the access to other system, people will continue to use them. Daily, i just between Teams, Shared Drives, Sharepoints, Engagezone and the various GMP systems...we need to eliminate the options!   -
Allow flexible work options (stay at home work shifts specifically) that are currently in place as part of COVID controls to be permanent
Enable to work remotely all over the world (eg. ex-US people can work as HQ job rolls)
Making 80% work option also for leadership positions
Continue to develop platforms and activities such as LIVE IT, NGN, WoW, but at the same time do not overwhelm us with mailings as we can not follow each and every town hall, learning webcast etc. I very much like the overview mailing such as 'webcast portal summary' and 'GMSA weekly communications summary', but I would minimize all other.  Maybe a welcome back initiative once we may go back to the office :)? Would be great to meet and see all new employees since a lot has changed since the organon split.
Simplify structure, remove silos, work more clear responsibilities in global ,
been focus in the ways of working and empowering employees to maintain the motivation  and wellbeing
I feel like there is too much internal positioning and "politics" going on. The communications seems evasive, and sudden changes in e.g. expense targets - which may be called for, but seems taken "out of the blue" - makes it difficult to plan properly. Furthermore, I am a strong supporter of our compliance culture, and it should be strengthened by engaging the employees from a motivational standpoint - not by inducing fear for repercussions for having done something wrong even if in good faith. We cannot unlock the potential of our Ways of Working unless we make ours a safe company in which to err when trying to go from planning to experimentation.
it would save a lot of energy if the GLT would be able to lead the company based on trust instead of trying to control many details/micromanaging
secure permanent positions to last and not to be cut down, secure temporary work
Keep investing successfully in top medicines and vaccines. Take care of employeess
In my opinion, MSD is a great company to work for and it already delivers its mission. As for the main points of focus, I would suggest: -personal development programs (DevelUP, mentoring/reverse mentoring as they are; perhaps some "internships" or exchange programs as well); -updating the working systems; -simplifying the vendor communication process; -making less frequent SOP updates (unless critical update is required) -making it possible to work from a single device (cumulative price for laptop (lenovo) + iPad + iPencil +else exceeds price of 1 working macbook) (still the most generous company which provides much more technical equipment options than any other company I know, for which I'm grateful)
balance between work and life
- Trying to implement WoW in practice. My personal feeling is that WoW are just a nice theme used by most managers but same persons are not fully support these by presenting various barriers and are far from actual and on the job implementation.
Continue CSER programs and a review on employee welfare e.g. access to vaccines and access to drugs after Organon spin off.
Continue with all small gestures to the employees. :) Keep having high expectations of employee performance but there is a need to ensure a more balanced level of requirements. Reduce the amounts of emails, look for a more healthy email culture.
The implementation of Activity Based Work (ABW) environment is difficult to accept/adapt by office-based employee like me. Every day, I will need to set aside 10-15 minutes setting/clearing up the desk before I can start/end my day. As we moved several sites/offices over these years, the ABW concept is getting worst.  I felt 'cold' and have no sense of belonging to the company. I miss the olden days of MSD whereby we had a happy work environment, with cheerful employees around the offices.
Keep on acting according to the statement from George W Merck: "We try newer to forget that medicine is for the people. It is not for the profits. The profits will follow, and if we remembered that, they newer failed to appear. The better we have remembered it, the larger they have been"  I´m afraid that some in our organisation will be/are somewhat blinded of the succes of Keytruda and doesnt remebmber that "One size" doesnt always fit all patients.
I believe that the workload is quite high for everyone: this does not always allow to work with lucidity.
ensure we maintain a strong pipeline and quality in clinical development
Keep and emphasize the flexibility and appreciation on both ways; MSD to employee and employee to MSD Keeping the high compliance standard to protect our good reputation Each and everybody shall be held fully accountable and behave and act as MSD would be our own company Leaders to stay approachable and open to new ideas
Give the employees the freedom to work from home permanently or announce a flex option as other corporations have been doing. Give us the freedom to choose how we work :)
Leaders to actually follow up on the actions concerning decreasing workload. Let's not commit to new projects when we know we are already working at full capacity. Better prioritization.
Align with climate crisis. And not only to operate carbon free when it comes to resources spending but I would like to see AH portfolio develop in a direction that is not supporting industry of meat consumption especially beef.
Clarity on workforce evolution and clear perspective on resource hires
Increase leadership and associate connect, invest more in people development, modernize HR policies at all locations,  empower people manager at all levels and train all people managers to drive culture change with same passion across organization
Show more transparency and equity within South Africa.
1) To develop and promote new innovative products 2) To provide emploees's developing and an oportunites of bilding a career 3) To create and support divercity and inclusion working environment
Long-term business strategies and quick reaction to changes.
Please think about your employees lives in this pandemic situation and dont force them to return to offices. This is a note to MSD India.
Not to have too many overlapping global projects at the same time. At the moment we have 1) Spin off of Organon and dual hatting 2) Streamline / new Ariba tool  for procurement processess and 3) RACI project where more categories are planned to be handled as end to end globally.  Maybe to have leaner organisation and not too many hieragic levels now some of the info is absorb on some levels and info does flow to all and you may hear something from your colleagues which should have come from your manager i.e. not  supporting the inclusion.
Transparency for business and corporate progress and key updates, encourage more diversify culture, remove silos and continue to promote new ways of working
allow us to work from the office
The focus on diversity and inclusion and the work flexibility will enable the company to be a great place to work.
Provide more clarity and help/push the media to provide a more clear explanation on how the pharmaceutical industry works. People do not understand and the media don't often provide a complete story or objective insights (for example, why were the covid vaccines developed this fast).When explained clearly to people, they often agree they can trust the safety/efficacy of the vaccines. But if they do not understand, they mistrust the product and the system, and fall into the "rabbit hole" of conspiracy theories. Once in, it is extremely difficult to get (them) out.
Breakdown some of the bureaucratic organizational structures. The high degree of formality of particular processes or operations more often than not leads to inflexible and rigid regulations, this in return leads to objectives being framed around the rules which at times are in stark contrast to the initial goals.  This priority misplaced dampens opportunity for further creativity or innovation as focus and resources are spent on the mechanical frame work of rules and regulations.
Merck & MSD need to invest in people, provide training and create a digital transformation culture. Merck continues to invest in new tools where people are still using manual spreadsheets because they don't trust the data and the data culture is lacking. We need to rely on third party organization for our enhancement and improvements and this slows down the process.  Also the career path is very unknown at Merck / MSD, it is not transparent what options are there, some roles are never posted and some individuals have fast track career path, seems very unequal.
Decision making lower in the organisation; less bureaucracy; provide opportunities for all people not just for the people who are considered talents / stars.
Employees in lower bands to feel that they have opportunities to develop themselves and progress with their career. More updates to be delivered by LT on good things to expect as at the moment the major thing discussed is fortify
The respect for diversity and personal needs is on-spot. Workload itself can be extreme, with deadlines continuing to become more aggressive.
Make sure that we don´t stop by TALKING and promoting issues like diversity and inclusion internally and externally - we need to LIVE and do it also. It is demotivating to read at Linkedin how good we are, when it doesn´t always fit reality. We have local examples on how it is not possible to work part time if you have a disease, because the system and calculation of headcounts doesn´t support that. When you have "lost" a dear colleague with a chronic disease not able to work full time, it is demotivating to read at Linkedin that you are also welcome if you are disabled. Of course everyone should be welcome also in reality. We need to walk the talk so to say ;-)
Strategical IT planning that does not cut INTERNAL costs every 3 months, it's not like employees working on projects will be fired to actually save any money, stop paper shifting budgets to pretend cost savings,, consequences of unstable IT projects may cause much bigger costs in clinical programs 5 years from now.
Prioritize long-term benefits over short-term concerns; be more proactive in addressing issues; implement organizational and procedural changes that facilitate collaboration.
Communication and decision should not only to be top down but also from bottom to up.
We come from different regions and work with people from different regions. Although we work together very well, sometimes the deep interactions cross region in cultural level are not enough. It will be great if Merck and MSD could pay more attention on this and enhance the cross regional interactions, especially during this period.
Accelerate the work to remove silo culture
Engagement of managers in actively supporting the growth of their employees, even if this means they leave the team or perhaps even company. I feel many managers are reluctant to provide the extra resources employees may need to grow outside of their current role, instead limiting them in their options.
Focus on relaxing room at the office where every can come and release stress on working time
US based Middle management should take into consideration better how things are done in for example Europe and empower teams remotely to execute their strategy.
Improve to Focus on customers
A lot, but I am not allowed to speak up due to fear of negative consequences or being fired.
foster our ways of working, promote work life balance importance by manager,
Be a little bit more dynamic. Be more competative on compensations. The salaries are way to low compared to competators. And not very flexible for big increases for those we want to keep.
Company should stop to make processes more complicated. It's harder to follow them and be sure that we're compliant if they are so numerous.
We have to be more agile to move with the markets around us.
cross-function department should think more about bussiness requirement and have a deep understanding about the bussiness. be open-minded and be aglie
care for the  people on the work floor and do not push them with so many unnecessary complicated programms (eg workday, aphas ) or take care that  they get PROPER instructions.
Remove business processes that only frustrates people and makes work difficult. Improve QMS, introduce useful digital solutions, not software that makes work harder. Introduce LEAN in MMD, at all levels there is a big lack of LEAN mindset.
Provide more opportunities for cross-functional and geographical mobility. Currently, most of the job postings on Workday, even for the high profile positions, state "no relocation / no visa support". This needs to be discussed case by case, probably exceptions can be made for successful candidates, however the approach when from the very beginning we say, that this is not possible, limits the opportunities to the country of current location. Would be great, if internal candidates were considered equally regardless of their current location / nationality / visa status.
Home office/ office work balance.
Unify, standardize, align. I understand that diversity and difference encourage improvement, but if you need access to 3 systems and each time you have to study complex guideline how to request it in a different way, it's really tiring.
Modernize and simplify business processes and quality/compliance systems. Focus on the important parts that really increase product quality and not on the no-value added tasks that are required by the systems.
Develop a culture of belonging, humblesness, togetherness and having fun towards common goals.  The human capital of the personell is one of the strongest assests in the company, so cherish it. Safeguard and invest in and acknowlege the competences and contributions of all employees, not only talents individual efforts.  Work a lot more with self ledership, since leadership is for everybody not only the leaders.  Strive for common goals and have more long term durable perspectives in front of MSD's eyes.
Rather than benchmarking benefits, to be a pioneer in offering creative solutions for our employees to stay healthy, enjoy a healthy work life balance and to perform
1- So many videoconferences in the last year, sometimes in hours that concilation is difficult (lunch time, late in the afternoon).  2- In my opinion, we have to avoid  many work/meetings that waste time and do not help to do our job better, and focuse more in our external customers and not in the internal customer. 3- Continue hearing what our customers demand and act. 2- We have to move faster. Approvals continue to go sometimes slow in a world that moves very fast
Allow more home-office as per personal needs and more career development. I feel stuck in the same position.
New product innovations,
Continue to think and reimagine the new Ways of Working post pandemic. Impact on team structure and culture.
Move more away from silos and increase communication and co-operation between the departments.
Listen to the employees when surveys are done. Not just have a survey to tick of a box. Appreciate the supporting functions as much as GHH. Respect the balance between work and private life.
Ensure personal and work life balance. Focus on employees professional development
Let the supprting teams support - currently no assistance is provided, plenty of frustrations  due to their lack of assistance our workloads increase along with stress and frustrations.
R&D management of MAH should reconsider the ban on structural working from home in future. That is an old-fashioned way of thinking.  Procurement processes are too bureaucratic and will hamper our business processes instead of Streamlin...ing (the irony...) it.
We need to simplify the processes with automation . Regular feedback mechanism with periodic Developmental plan discussion .
Keep focusing on their emloyes by bulding an iclusive working environment.
I doubt that MSD is a company that allows its people to develop. MSD's leadership should move from favoritism to meritocracy,  if they are interested in the company's working capital. Monthly 121 with the line managers that are used just for the discussion of the last year's leave balance and the timely spend of the current year's leave balance do not give the slightest feedback to the employees and are not leadership.
On a regular base review existing SOPs and procedures and adjust them where possible to remove barriers for processes
we should have very clear vision and strengthen innovaiton
Allow flexibility in working conditions; provide opportunities for personal and professional development
Take tangible steps to address the challenges that impede work-life balance - i.e. too much workload, too many priorities, too many last-minute requests, unclear processes (that waste time and therefore contribute to workload).
Besides encouraging and including every employee regardless of age, gender, race, faith etc, it is important to balance out-sourcing and use of consultants so that the company soul and capabilities do not become virtual or a belief in something not actually represented by MSD or Merck employees. Functionalities related to HR and Comp & Benefits is currently outsourced to an extend that to some becomes alienating versus the employer (MSD or Merck).
Increase human resources to reduce workload Reduce multitasking Enhance employees' over 45-65 yrs old, focus on their constant development, they have more to contribute to the organization
Be more structured, proactive, consistent and transparent about development and career progression pathways
more humanilty SOP
Help people to see/find their career path within the company and support their growth.
experienced leaders is recommended and that they are prepared for challenges in departments
Higher salary increment
Merck and MSD does a very good job and is very caring towards their employees. They responded well to the current situation and I feel home like I've never felt at my previous company.
Strong pipeline for new products
leaders to be role models and exhibit ways to link our work to the company mission
I think it already is a great place to work
I feel in my division, the culture hasn't yet managed to transform from the (academic) pecking order culture into a more growth mindset and appreciating particularly age diversity. I rarely see under 30's within my colleagues in MRL and I believe, from having previously managed people within the so-called Gen Z, that they can bring fresh insights and innovative ideas for ways of working, and most importantly, new sought-after skills. I understand the hiring practices and career ladder is often experience-driven but it is important to ensure the views from younger people are respected (without the view "we've tried that already 10 years ago").
Have experienced employees take decisions, not new high ranked employees.
Try to be more objective with situations happening in teams between teammates and their relationship, if it has influence on work and try to solve situation
Continue to build on the future and continue to take care of the employees as already done
The company is in organizational turmoil for a very long time and this adds to the turmoil of the external environment. Although MSD needs to adapt to change as well one should take into account the balance of external pressures with internal inconsistency. In addition COVID 19 has been adding to pressures to work morning to night on meetings, has increased the number of internal projects but also very few of internal projects help people manage external environment. Continuous pressures on human resources have strained many parts of the organization so this current workload, as aggravated by COVID cannot be maintained for a very long time without people burnt out
In my experience departments should communicate better with each other in such a way  that more creative ideas can be implemented. More communial, less individualistic!
Allow employees the option even after the pandemic to work mostly from home for those whose jobs do not require going to the office. The pandemic has shown it can be done. So many people have discovered that working from home has a lot of benefits (time saved on commuting, etc.) so an option to work from home permanently will be a relief to a lot of people who have been waiting for this announcement almost since the beginning of the pandemic.
Invest in the destruction of red tape, whenever and wherever possible. Because there is nothing more soul-crushing, mind-numbing or depressing than the slowing or stopping of improvements due to the bureaucracy in the massive monolith that is MSD.
Actually make sure that MSD values reach the employees. All managers should be educated to understand that employees can be different from them and that they should make an effort to bring out everyone's talents.
Further simplify process Strengthen the cross functional collaboration model (regulatory, medical, market access/policy and commercial) to support shift to specialty- oncology company
Healthy rotation of the staff (to avoid generation gap, long time employees vs. new employees), clear compensation system (grading, leveling and upgrading)
allow flexibility after the pandemic situation is over with regard to home office and office time.
Demonstrate transparency. Lead by example. Evaluate, communicate and showcase progress on adoption of Ways of Working. Ensure objectivity and transparency in performance evaluation process and objective setting.
Continue focusing on TAs of greatest unmet needs. We may need to optimize communication channels/training. That's overwhelming.
Simplify processes
make it easier to download tools and softwares from software center.
A lot of focus on the development plans etc is a great step in the right direction, but the company should also focus on creating the opportunities to execute on the plans and have a more integrated / transparent approach to managing talent.
Maintain working from home as main way or working with flexible office days to meet with team F2F
New vaccines in our portfolio
Re-arrange effective communication and improve cooperation with vendors - Fisher (US and Germany) and central labs (ICON, COVANCE, PPD). Pretty often we face lack of response and low quality of work from vendors, delays with kits delivery, lab testing, imaging review\queries and CS delivery. CTT\country operations face lots of issues and delays with mentioned vendors which is limiting study enrollment, puts under risk patients' treatment continuity, delays start-up timelines, especially in pediatric programs for antibiotics.
Increase flexibility and employee autonomy; simplify processes; integrate systems, applications, SharePoint.
1.MMD MIDRAND  Leadership should lead by example .....Walk the talk  2.MMD MIDRAND Leadership should listen to employees as they are always defensive hence sometimes speaking up becomes pointless. 3.MMD MIDRAND Leadership should Move from controlling to empowering 4.MMD MIDRAND Leadership should Empower employees and grow them. Currently in MMD there is no growth for employees only Leaders and SLT get promotions. No promotions for lower band employees, they are left in the same position for multiple years. There is no clear career maps for employees ,Leadership prefers to hire external candidates than promote individuals internally. Most employees have been on the same position for more than 3 years and no promotions are on the pipeline for them. 5.MMD MIDRAND Leadership should Refrain from showing favouritism among a group of employees. Its demotivating to know a Leader favours a certain individual.  Treat all employees equally. 6.Future for MSD has not been communicated we uncertain
Provide more support as supporting department such as security, HR, facility .etc
Although MSD is a global company it is sometime difficult to adapt the same ways of working to each country. In this regard, SLs sometimes think that other companies have more capacity to decide at a country level which is helpful for them. On the other hand, I really appreciate how the company is invested in the well being of the employees, the quick and transparent way in which information is provided and I also think that the scientific training is excellent.
Continue supporting people in managing the work&life balance in order to overcome the pandemic period as good as possible.
Collaboration between departments is improving and should further be encouraged.
Value internal candidates more in cross platform opportunities.
more from silo's to networking. i notice that there is less shared because of the corporate enviorment. so that people have better tools than others to have a edge to strengthen there personal carere. this has a effect that you have to re event the wheel every time.
Oh my god... Just ask yourself, what should we do for the employees a three quarter years ago. And start proactively executing it. React on all the data you already have, and finally GO BEYOND your shadow to try to: * provide superior support for people at home (so we have the equipment (that's sitting unused in our buildings), and feel that company cares) * do whatever you can do to allow people to meet again (get someone COMPETENT who can think outside the box of regulations... It's not only about security measures, but about that teams need to meet. Creative teams need to work together. Are you solving that? Is there a strategy or plan that is being executed already? If not, it's too late and the company will suffer by poor results of such teams due to remote work.)
New pipeline more new products
to manage the company more TOP-DOWN rather than BOTTOM-UP, to develop the general big targets and missions and goals into more concrete lower level steps, to employ professional managers and let them manage to enable experts to do their expert work. not to let experts to manage..... a good expert can be a very bad manager.
It seems sometimes hard to wallk the talk in real life: we do get encouraging -and well intended- messages from senior leadership to truly take good care of our physical and mental health, yet only to experience later that all business objectives (and beyond, given the Organon spin off support that is ongoing) even more than that) still need to be met. Taking a holiday feels like punishing yourself.  There is consensus, which is appreciated!- to focus on the absolute business priorities, but in reality all of the ongoing support still needs to be delivered.
During lockdown, receive more days off as we work more intensively at home and being all day behind a computer is extremely tiring on the long term.
The upper level of our management is too much involved with the the details at least in MMD Global Quality
Focus on employees, their safety and feeling they are a part of a big family. Their good mood and involvement are crucial for the company success.
The use of data to drive informed decision making. Flexibility in the working environment - balance of WFH and onsite.
Align local leadership teams and middle management to Global and top management priorities and mindset. Live our ethics and values from top to down, and from down to top, across the organization. Take the required time to onboard new people as well as those changing roles, responsibilities and teams. Improve at-distance management during this intensive teleworking period, by stimulating teams and cross-functional work; special care to be given to making sure no one is excluded from the company effort to combat the pandemic.
Continuous team work and introducing new products
Simplify some of the processes.  More collab between departments. Often groups don't know of each other’s work or achievements resulting in double work, parallel initiatives that ultimately lead nowhere because of lack of alignment .
Flexibility to be able to work from abroad given how the world of work is evolving with the Covid-19 pandemic.
be more ecological, e.g. change field personals fleet into a hybrid/electronic car fleet, reduce flights (the pandemic has taught us that it is possible)
Increase digitalization and ensure sufficient resources are available to deal with workload
Include and promote more religiously observant people. the teamleaders and managers in my workplace are very monochromatic and there is a general lack of religiously observant teamleaders and managers
Need to have a two way communication from field staff who really faces the challenges. A Proper Pipeline for better future strategies an unbiased fair talent development tool which should be completed by 3rd party
Improve flexibility of work arrangements, especially working from abroad for expats who want to see their families. Offer private insurance to expat employees in countries where English is not the official language (Czech Republic). Local health care is in local language and doctors speaking English are limited, usually heavily booked and they are not always the best specialists, but we are limited by language.
to be more inclusive and embrace diversity is not only the slogan but action. Hope the crtitical direction and big decision are not made by small group of people
Respond to feedback from employees
World is anxiously waiting for new products. Especially for COVID-19. Hope our company show the answers.
Ensure sufficient resources. We are getting very lean and it makes us both vulnerable and increases the level of stress due to unacceptable workload
MSD embraces change, however change at MSD usually takes a long time.
Ensure there is individual room for rewarding the extraordinary indepent of eg. scorecards. There could also be more alignment in the LT on use of INSPIRE. Make sure HR take action when people dare to speak up instead of giving them a sense of being annoying. E.g. I have continously witnessed a manager+HR protecting a bully (Thuy Brorson, DK RA)  just because they are afraid to take action. Several employees have raised concern about this person to HR+manager and they feel HR/manager has turned on them instead. The concern are on her performance and the way she treats her colleagues. We should make sure that you don't need to leave your position or MSD to get a raise just to be on par with your more inexperienced colleague who comes from an external company - of course new employees come with a lot of new insights but stability and loyalty are also very important for execution! Our affiliate's organization is very "flat" and it is hard to aspire for the next career step internallly.
Clarity on career development
- Continue R&D to create a future pipeline of products to stay sustainable as a business well into the future
Talent review, Good Feedback system, proper Job Training, possible development opportunities to right people
4 day week!!! we all are able to get things done especially with remote working. After pandemics, this could be a major benefit for IT positions and for our wellbeing.
More alignment between different departments to realise the same goals.
Support more days for 'home office' from abroad
We have had resource taken away in GCTO at a time when we need it most.
1) Make compliance processes more automated (e.g. approvals, feedbacks, privacy consent etc). 2) Improve non-working legal function. Legal has either lack of resources  (understaffed) or lack of priority on commercial projects 3) Start implementing faster automated marketing activities + have enough of funding for that
More MSD contracts for longtime temporary employees
The global set up with the dedicated Health and Wellbeing roles is a great investment but it would be great to see this replicated in other countries through dedicated headcount versus individuals being stretched to deliver alongside full time roles. This would enable us to be in line with our competitors.  It would be good for pay reviews to be regularly completed in the background - considering individual's experience, performance, length in role etc. It can be very demotivating to be in role for 3 years with great feedback and be quite far from the mid-point of the pay range.
Continue to focus on prioritization of activities that matter.  We continue to see additional tasks that are not priorities being pushed ahead of higher priority tasks.
Although difficult to accommodate everyone's needs, ensure that the workforce feel in their job and work environment what is being preached around mental safety. Further, take a limited number of activities and do them well to help deliver on our mission instead of many initiatives that ask for the same resources
Reduce and simplify priorities. Not everything can be a priority. The organization is out of control, too many priorities, initiatives, transformations. Reduce and simplify, focus on delivery of key priorities.   Little to no opportunities in EMEAC for my department. The direction appears to be headed in a more US-Centric direction, which is ridiculous as we are building a 'GLOBAL' organization and apparently value diversity in every respect.
Management should actively reach out to people for discussions and not just assume they are fine. The fact that someone is doing his / her job as well as they can doesn't mean that people should be taken for granted and that it's easy for them to do so. Positive encouragement is very important and I understand that we are all stressed now, but I have the feeling that in the current set up it's always giving more workload and no chance for personal development. Resource allocation should be also reviewed from time to time with changing workload. Decisions are still made in a very complicated way empowerment of employees could be also improved. As for question 5 my answer is what it it because I think some leaders do but others don't.
Merck/MSD is already a great place to work, company spin has created some challenges, we need to get back to stability and have clear global portfolio aligned within all areas of SCM, LOBs...
Better work/life balance, being flexible when it comes to parental leave, even if you are a male with kids. Experience is that mothers and fathers are being treated differently.
The new ways of working during this time of pandemic brought both opportunities and challenges. The flexibility to work from home amidst the safety threat of Covid-19 has been helpful, and while employees are highly motivated to deliver, it is important that work-life balance is still constantly achieved through the challenge of working across different time zones with global colleagues.
reduce the number of DVs by Veeva. Doctors don't like the presence of a third party all the time
To start with an Idea of Merck Pension Plan or Come-up with some scheme of retirement plan or support to staff after retirement.
More clarity on career progression and less hierarchical management style.
I really commend the efforts of the company to become more agile and change the ways that we are working, however I believe that there could be a whole much more room for people to make a difference and take a chance and feel a great sense of satisfaction with their jobs.
Instill a customer focus in the minds of all staff in the organisation. Those who are not customer facing have room for improvement.
withdraw the silos
more equality in payment
Update (increase) the salaries to be at the same range than other companies for the same position
Offer flexible work schedules that allow time to be off the phone while still answering emails, specially during periods where the workload can be excessive and holidays (Christmas, Easter, Summer), employ more people so we have a manageable workload, improve communication between us and our warehouses, allow workers to attend doctor's appointments without having to compensate for time they have taken to do so - it's a need, not a holiday.   It would be great if you acknowledged that the situation we have been in for a year has added more stress to your workers. Asking workers to take time off while unable to do anything outside the house barely helps. It sometimes feels that we have been doing nothing but work because leisure activities have been limited, so you could compensate for that in the future.
Implement long term WFH initiatives to cut down on commuting time and reduce stress (for me my home environment is less stressful than my work environment, especially considering the additional effort to get ready for and get to work). Consider having an office animal for stress relief and cuddles!
Put the right managers on the right job
Set priorities to remove stress as since working remotely, the work lead has largely increased. Dear to remove/delete projects which are nice to have but not needed to have.
Clearer business strategy and provide the resources to execute sais strategy.
Work with each other! Work with people! Don't hide behind words or procedures. Make it more efficient! We have one goal!
Try to be more flexible in work flow as some processes can slow down and discourage work tasks.
invest in people manager training, offer more resources and make mental health a priority number 1 especially in the context of cost savings and leaner organization
Better understanding the employess workload in this changing environment
The company needs to be more geographically diverse.  It is extremely US East coast centric
Expand the pipeline
support flexible work arrangements not only on paper
Review roles of directors and managers
I feel my role is very task orientated, and administrative heavy resulting in it being difficult to quantify what I actually 'do' every day.   Whilst there has been some considerations taking on board regarding working from home for the last year, I dont feel its went far enough. Flexibility is great but being able to avail of it when workload is high is a challenge.
Be more transparrent on the focus points. If you are in a francise that might, from a company perspective, is not that highly prioritized you can become insecure of your future.
Simplify processes, as they are becoming more and more complex and without knowing the reasons why. To work more for tthe "outside" (patients, payors, customers, scientific leaders) and much less to our internal activities and processes. To improve our freedom to express our different perspectives, To reduce the company risk aversion: without risk there is no true disruptinve innovation, and the company does not proviide the adequate environment to allow risks and to do things differently without making excessive efforts
provide sufficient human resource for any new projects or any new systems to administer and manage that gets introduced. provide TIME within working hours to conduct work related trainings and achieve relevant certifications to stay having latest professional knowledge needed to conduct my job the best way for MSD. we simply dont have any time other than constant fire fighting under constant stress and lack of time. MSD is a great company but it is not great at all to work under constant stress for years.
I have been employed by MSD for 5 months.  Many of us have started working at MSD during the pandemic, and even though my manager has done great job in ensuring I feel like I'm part of the team I work in, MSD as a company still feels somewhat distant. To achieve a higher level of engagement, I believe it is critical that MSD will support us in returning to more or less normal ways of working (incl f2f meetings, trainings, congressess...) as soon as possible.   Secondly, I think that MSD should adopt more modern ways of working in ensuring that we make the most of the digital tools in our everyday work (examples: expense reporting systems that use mobile apps; enabling use of electronic signatures also with external parties; making sure that customer facing teams are allowed to use the virtual platform that suits customer needs in a best possible way), and that the decisions in the company are made at the appropriate level (=minimize bureaucracy whenever possible).
Reduce unnecessary bureaucracy and stop planning aggressive timelines for project deliveries, beyond the team capacity.
Introducing new products
Continue to walk the talk when it comes to new ways of working.  Continue to allow flexibility for employees to manage their work demands in a way that suits them (flex work, wfh, coaching).  Keep the communication channels open, as well as mindset.
Simplify bureaucracy and internal processes. Reduce internal focus and increase external focus (patients, healthcare professionals, authorities, other strategic partners).
Simplify the processes that are actually too repetitive and redundant. Avoid Silos
New product launch in India
Promote F2F interactions, both in everyday work and spending leisure time together, especially after the isolation due to COVID.
motivate employees to share common goals - make sure everybody has a vision trying to achieve and everyone is aligned on what is important and is not afraid/blocked to achieve that.
Push harder in direction of breaking the silos and transparency around decision making
improve work process. review current P2P ,STS and legal process and evaluate if things could be done more efficiently
Empower Empower Empower - and I mean really empower and remove the unnecessary "approval needs"
As a Company we could make some processes smoother (i.e. the approval process; who needs to approve is often the question in multi-functional meetings?) and make decisions faster.
Constantly improve technology and eliminate inefficient legacy procedures to use available resources in most efficient way
maintain worklife balance even if working from home, there should be a respect to employees personal time after work.
To make sure that diversity & inclusion is a reality in all countries and departments.   Words and communications with regards to well-being are important, but consistent actions to these words are important as well.
Speak up New ways of working also in practice
1. People who get paid to make decisions should make them. 2. Training needs to be better. People are landed in jobs with no training and sometimes little support as everyone is so busy.
I feel very strongly about Sustainability so the challenge is to get get all department mangers to make Sustainability a priority and have the resources and funding available to implement the changes necessary to improve all aspects of Sustainability across the network. There are so many changes that can be easily implemented to improve the sustainability of MSD.
work on reducing the politics in business  and empower people to speak freely without fearing  impact .
I think department and personal accountability should be emphasized more and more visible. Frustration can arise from lack of, perceived lack of accountability and culpability.
Really evaluate some managers to suppress the culture of cronyism
Listen to frontline staff to understand their obstacles on daily operation. Set up platform to let frontline staff to understand and involve on some critical decisions.
Ukraine: a) regular assessment the trends of labor markets to keep MSD compensation package competitive. b) conduct office renovation during current lockdown to make the office "fully ready" for after Covid time. Region/Global: increase of MSD headcount vs FSP resources ratio.
I would like to be notified more upfront about changes. Like REDS taking over RCAM, that was a sudden surprise for me. However maybe I missed the email, since every day I receive around 200 emails.
Our leadership feels out of reach.   We only hear from them in various town halls delivering speeches yet when we reach out to them we get nothing back (e.g. MAHI LT).   A culture of 'don't email up' exists, i.e. beyond contacting your manager - we're not interested!   This needs to change and a two-way comms ought to be policy.   Also, core functions (finance, IT, marketing, HR etc.) need to realise they are there to help facilitate sales, not block them - too often their word is taken as gospel and a hard / fast policy is introduced that makes their work easier and sales harder; again, this approach needs to change.
Improve internal processes, they are very complicated and there is luck of accountability. Increase resources, we have very lean organization and some functions are overloaded with responsibilities (scope and geo coverage wise) and can not work effectively.
Our company apparently gives support and value to its people and we feel it very much especially during this pandemic period. We hope this value increasingly go on.
More awareness of time differences and public holidays outside of the US
Distribute leadership positions evenly across the regions. Strengthen the Hub Model, which has proven to be efficient.
diversify oncology portfolio
Use the current situation to move forward as an organisation - there's too much of the 90's attitude still around especially in the larger franchises
fair day of work naleven
- Harmonization of policies, procedures and standards between HH and GMSA (this will avoid duplicate work in markets) - increase human resources (especially in Compliance & Data Privacy)
Kindly lessen the field force also.
Job evaluation and bench marking similar post in-terms responsibility, segmentation, species, number of clients and hours required to successfully and efficiently  complete the objectives required by the Job/Company. Improve on diversity and inclusion by providing adequate support for countries outside South Africa in order to increase our business; this can be done developing country specific model and getting all the required resources to support the those business i.e. Marketing team, Technical support, Regulatory Team per business unit.
Listen to the sites (people on the workfloor) and avoid to much guidelines / regulations / projects / standards from global which are above local regulations.
for strategic decision from higher management we should more get on some interactions with the basis and check on ideas from our employees.
i think the company strategy is the correct one to ensure the future success of the company
Flexible work arrangements - Home Office for those who prefers this
- Minimize the time consuming processes which delays the Honorarium payoff.  In some of incidents it was approximate or more than 6 months. Which spoils MSD Image in our customers. - In the name of compliance there are so many restriction are put on the sales staff, due to which we feel unsecure and less confident to drive business growth.  - No Clarity on future product pipeline after LOE of patent products.
offer more flexible working arrangements, to be able to adapt it o personal life better. Work related - improve communication and standardization within divisions.
There is a lot of change happening at present. A lot of change is due to the Organon Spin off and as a result a lot of unforeseen consequences resulting in additional work load on top of already very busy schedules.  People are now living in the office so there needs to be a cut off time where they can step away from emails and calls.  Some ideas would be to have regular no call days across the company - allowing people to catch up on emails and actions. Also encouraging people to not have to attend calls unless necessary - the use of optional attendee by the meeting organizer should be encouraged. Limit the number of emails - It is a constant battle against the email count every day - people need to be educated and encouraged to use email as it is intended - not just as an outlet to show that you are working late or over the weekend.  Disable emails being sent or received out of office hours to allow people to truly switch off and not be expected to respond out of hours.
Be the most innovative and progressive. We are a company dedicated to health, so we should think more of a mental state of the employees (and not only), too. Giving more days off, or shorter work week could be a start. This pandemia showed us everything is possible - even work from home. There are competitors in pharma field who already started to provide their employees the benefit mentioned previously. Do not let the competitors to lure the talent from Merck and MSD.
Need to continue simplifying processes to enable reduction of workload and increase ability to adapt to new changes
Continuing in trend to paperless office, where possible.
Provide job  opportuniy and have  my manager  support. Havé frequent feedback tu imprime myself and not only once a time even if I request for feedback.
Change the current mindset to be more open and to more listen the field (Investigators, patients) Stop thinking that the Global knows everything... they sometimes are really far from the reality and do not consider that things could be differently
Treat all employees fairly and equally, especially when E&Y as the company appointed tax practitioners for international 1 way transfers perform a dismal job, with dire financial consequences for the employee.
Walk the talk of oneMSD. Now it still feels we 1000 companies in companies especially administration wise. This makes it more challenging.
flexibility, 50% working from the office, 50% working from home.
I feel big discrepancy between what is said and what is done - inclusion, diversity from one side, and rejection / fires on other side (because of older age, gender - women). This is not consistent.
Develop / accelerate pipeline. Strong focus on Policy & Market Access. Stregthen Oncology portfolio.
Ensure that high performers are rewarded for their hard work and commitment from a promotional perspective.
Contribute more to employee's well-being especially for WFH-related issues (e.g. financially, emotionally, etc.)
nothing
Release more Headcount positions. Contractors providing services for MSD, do not feel sense of belonging, so they don't contribute as much as they could as HCs..
Be more agile in approaching new IT ideas and changes.  Limiting user access and interaction as a way of promoting our values is never a good way to run ethics (yes, I'm hinting at GIFs removal from Teams and Yammer on account some GIFs being potentially offensive - only the usage itself can be offensive, educating users is better than restricting)
Calibrate levels across organizations (e.g. an AD or Dir in one org may have double the responsibility than same level in another org) and make sure promotions are progression are fair.
Flexibility and mindset adaptation to new reality and continues support for the innovation.
Less involvement in politics. More efforts to be sustainable in use of energy and environment
Hiring the right type of person is important so care is always needed here. Also delivering on NPI products that allow us to win and grow in markets to ensure success for the company. The right people combined with an innovative company always results in GPTW. Also post covid / living with covid its important to make social events happen
introduce flexible homeoffice days when the pandemic is reaching an end
Less control and more regional freedom to make decisions about systems and processes
Establish a more transparent and fair performance evaluation system (evaluation currently differs by team/manager). While we do have a 360-degree feedback session, I think a system to provide feedback on managers will also help.
As a company, value the diversity of the different businesses we have in the company and allow the different sections to reduce the  level of bureaucracy and deviate form the Merck standards where this is beneficial to the business.
support home office on a worthy level - equipment, ergonomic chairs, good monitors
Do not limit new position candidates to specific countries only (if the work does not specifically require that)
Since MSD is focusing a lot on diversity I think they in this also could focus on employees who have been with the company for many years and contributed a lot and still will contribute eventough they are not consideres as high potential, everyone counts.
Merck should be more clear on the path moving forward post Organon spin off
We need flexible systems, less administration and bolder top down decisions & investment, when making changes.
Keep focusing on development of Site culture. It is bearing dividends but needs funding secured and SLT sponsorship to build on great progress to date
- Regarding programs or platforms, to be piloted more worldwide in order to detect issues that people will come across when it is implemented so they can be solved easily. - Creating more development opportunities in the company for intern site staff, as some vacants can only be covered by external staff instead of giving the opportunity ( eg. assignment from CRA to CRM or CRA to CRM) to someone who is already inside the company. - For homebased workers, to provide extra fee for the light expenses, as people office based do not have these extras as are assumed by the company, people office based can eat in there with a small amount of money and people home based do not have any advantage. Internet for home based people can only be from one specific company and despite being homebased I pay for my internet  So it is a benefit that I do not have because I should change of company if I wanted to be reimbursed for that. with the bill should be enough. - The Salary should improve.
Having the resources we need (headcount) Being the first pharma company having alternatives to animal expermientation and cruelty
I am happy with the company overall culture and support during this pandemic situation. However in some areas I feel there can be some flexibilities when I compare to other companies 1. During this Pandemic we are working from home since a year or more. Other companies had provided some amount to purchase resources like table and cheer at home since those important for health and safety. 2. During this Covid situation, there can be some seek leaves support to an employee if he is covid positive. 3. There is no provision to claim the Mediclaim bills if we are taking home quarantine Covid treatment. Currently doctors are also suggesting to take home quarantine treatment because of safety purpose. But reimbursement is not available under the Mediclaim for home quarantine treatment. Other companies have such flexibilities. 4. If we requires 3 days leave but there is no provision to apply, we need to take compulsory 4 days PL even if we don't requires. I think there can be some flexibility.
1) Work on equal chances for people from different teams. Some teams are in a great position - their members get promoted on a regular basis. On the other hand, people in teams of more unfortunate position, who are working hard as well, are hitting the wall. This is regarding their promotions, pay rise, trainings, rotation,.. But also in case they need external sources and the team does not have budget for it.  2) People who are longer in Merck/MSD are forced to leave and rejoin the company to keep up their salary with the market. It is very frustrating to see people in the company for more than 5 years, doing an amazing job. But all they hear is that their manager cannot do anything more for them.
Repeated budget cuts over the past three years has eliminated all discretionary spending for my group, while regulatory and legal requirements have increased.  While everyone must share in budgetary re-allocations as decided by the Executive Committee, greater efficiencies can only be wrung out of the team for so long - especially while we remain subject to remote working.   My team is exhausted, and I fear any further cuts later this year, currently rumored, will result in both mandatory staff reduction (since no discretionary funding remains) as well as voluntary resignations of those that are not directly impacted by the staff reductions due to increased work load - further exacerbating the problem for those remaining.
MSD needs to take ethics complaints seriously and take swift action when investigating. There is a culture of fear and toxicity in the oncology TA with people afraid to speak up because they are fear retaliation or they see that speaking up makes no difference. It would be great to have the 'kind of culture where ideas are welcomed, where people feel supported and safe to challenge the status quo. We have great products and a great pipeline but can do more to invest in our single biggest resource, our people.
MSD should not overload some people with work and then want great and quick results everywhere. Work should be properly distributed among the teams. Everyone is working from home so our job is not a fun anymore. We don't have a chance to talk to other teams casually or to go for a lunch together and even when the company is trying to add some meetings to help with a work life balance it is not what many of us need. If you are constantly overloaded you don't go for a chill meeting because you know that that no one will work on the pending queries. And what happens when someone takes a vacation? All the work is on other team members that are already busy so they can only pick up some important tasks but in that case they can't work on their other queries and when you are back from vacation you are crushed by all the tasks that piled up. So the most important for me is that MSD's projects are thought through well and all the teams that are affected are informed and asked for a notes.
I hope that get promoted
Better work life balance, global comms RE rollouts to sites cascaded down could be better, proper VOC representation, a lot of projects ask for feedback from a select few SMEs which is not big picture
Simplify  processes by keeping in mind what the problem is we are trying to solve!
Empower employees to make decisions and give them the resources and tools to do so (i.e. training, sharing and not withholding information). Create an environment where people are free to speak up.
less global initiatives, too many global team work on different focus and impact site a lot.
give persons enough trust to do their job where and when that person fits best. not a 9 to 5 mentality. but based on results.
Provide more career opportunities for P3s. Challenge status quo and push hard on transformation and more modern ways of working.
Maintain the current supportive attitude in the current epidemic situation Protect job security Carry on supporting the local development processes and sharing the success stories with other countries Consultation with young external researchers to learn about the breaking development opportunities (conferences, workshops, tenders)
Most of top companies honed home-grown talents instead of passing on them by hiring from outside.  It shows that the only way to grow your career is to move to another company instead of building employees a future career within Merck & MSD.  Employees from the US moves to another position, better position frequently than Employees outside the US.  I hope to see a fair treatment to all employees and leadership should encourage employees to dream and aspire for higher roles within Merck and MSD.
Continue the great road we are going at MSD sweden with focus on diversity and inckusion in all the things we do.
More environmental initiatives, targets, goals and setting a gold standard for environmental awareness and tackling climate change
Continue focused in experimentation.
Implement start/stop/continue initiatives. Clear articulation of stop initiatives.
I feel like it would be good to give relocated employees the opportunity to get vaccinated so that the transfer won't be an issue. I think the option to have to stay healthy and being able to work would be of great value.
be more organised, less chaotic
Benefits should be updated keeping in mind the home office set-up most of us are forced to do. the Wellness benefits should include also home office and fitness equipment, not just spas and massages. Especially since home office might be used in the future.
Prioritize business oriented decisions that really provide the right approach to our customers and boost our sales; we must be more agile.
come together as one again with simple processes and procedures
Focus on making medicines, avoid politics
i hope permanent home office is adopted. more productive. no travel times.
Pay more attention to work-life balance, with focus on appropriate resourcing so people don't feel obliged to put in hours outside of normal working hours (days of 12h work are not uncommon).
More resources in Regulatory Affairs so that people have enough time to think upfront and use innovative strategy, that we cannot do when overloaded.
MERCK/MSD is already a great place to work, but the tools given to do his job is not up to society such as MERCK/MSD. We waste a lot of time with some applications, and in some cases we use systems that have not been used for years.  Plus, no system talks to each other, and we have different systems for everything.
I hope Permanent home office is adopted because I work better from home and I get more work done. I have all the equipment I need to perform all of my activities successfully.
Live the diversity and inclusion policy not just use it as a tick box exercise on recruitment to be seen on global metrics. Cut out ageism and favouritism at it's core.  Work as a 'TEAM' not in Silo's within sites and departments.   Plan appropriately in advance.  Prepare for possible mitigating circumstances to occur. Currently the culture from my experience is to panic react. No root cause analysis. Placing band aids on symptoms instead of evaluating and implementing the correct actions to deal with the root cause. Plan to fail, fail to plan!  Give adequate and timely training.  Value each employee.  Give the opportunity to do a days work with some time to think clearly. Not work at 120% capacity permanently.
To keep the working from home policy after the pandemic
Empower the frontline workers more. So much in this company is governed centrally which does not make us employees working in the markets feel empowered to make decisions and take initiatives on our own.
communicate with employees on a one to one basis to pinpoint their individual needs ...helping these would help the company be stronger as a whole
Continue to focus on Wellness at this difficult times. We have made significant investments in acquisitions recently that have and will have little return on investment. As a result we are being asked to give up budget and head count back fill. Employees are already stretched, so a clear message that Merck/MSD is dedicated to providing the resources they need to get the job done is important.
Prioritize objectives and focus on what is most important, resources are limited and stress is high,
Try to focus on people's development
Balance the support for above site initiatives ( f.i. QSIP topics) with well structured and pragmatic recourse availability
Continue to invest in R&D, develop medications in interest of the people around the globe; always try to build faith and confidence among the patients and other customers in order to reach out to us.
Merck and MSD should provide proper conditions/tools(SAP COMET, Share point, Shared drive..etc.) in order to do our best. And also evaluate our skills, experiences and performance in order to give us a chance equally.
Better coordinate global initiatives (marketing/communication/BUs/L&D) and be an example also at global level of silos breaking. Respect countries peculiarities when proposing global projects. Reduce Bureaucracy
Work towards more efficient way of working, optimizing processes to enable delivery to the business in time, ensure to prioritize appropriate priorities for the teams to work on in order to achieve the necessary goals
Create opportunities for short term projects & assignments that will enable people to grow and work at other sites.
From a great place to work, I like all the communication regarding news and the position of Merck/MSD against racism & the bad things.   My feeling is one of the key of sucess is working together and as a kind of big "family" To improve the desire to work for each others, what could be improved is to make more concrete the Safe By Choice concept (like Fuel it... )  at small Manufacturing sites level.    It would be good to share more some concrete example of what is done between the sites/ the ComOps/ the countries to give idea/ desire to implement more actions.   For example developping participation with MSD to running competitions.... Meeting between sites for workshops with nice moment organized..   Which for me would participate to increase the MSD belonging and the desire to work for each others.
Better IT support for more digitilised and optimised workflows to remove old style heavily admin intensive work processes.
Be leaders in the blended workplace innovation and use of digital to improve processes. Reduce complexity of above site (QSIP) processes by accepting a small level of risk.
To move from internal focus to external focus
Consider better work/life balance for example 4 day weeks, promote remote working etc.
In the context of the "way of working" initiative Merck considers it efficient and has chosen to reduce/eliminate the assistance for managers from what we would call "support" (for a reason) functions, and to drop this , to a large extent with individual managers (and employees) W/W.  Yes, all such support functions have prepared nice web-sites, protocols, summary reports, and other documents, instead, in "support" of that manager. In an ideal world where all managers are able and have the time to absorb such side-tracking responsibilities and tasks, this element of the new way of working may benefit all involved. But in the real world, even Merck managers, are only humans. Consequently, I question (rhetorically) whether dissuading managers from there main tasks and expertise and re-programming their activities, at the end of the day, is motivating the manager and helps the Company to achieve its intended result of the new-way-of -working initiative, for this aspect.
Simplify and reduce digital procedures focused on both internal and external customers needs
Hire more employees to reduce the work load!!!!!
Work towards diversity & inclusion but really to the root and not superficial actions. Help in making sure different countries across the globe get access to medications and vaccines (regardless if they are powerful countries or not)
Including MPS priorities in peoples personal development goals would help rapidly increase the MPS capabilities across the organization and would help improve MPS culture overall. This should lead to an increase in organizational improvements and efficiencies being realized.   I think it would be great from an inclusion perspective if we initiated a "have coffee with a colleague" mornings, whereby you would be matched with a colleague for a coffee. This can be done both in person and virtually. It helps people grow their networks and would help people feel more include in the Merck/MSD family network. A previous company I worked for had this and it worked really well. I increased my network significantly and was able to utilize these new connections to help me with some projects I was working on (people I met through the process also reached out to me for input on their projects). It also allows people to gain insight into areas of the business they may otherwise not have.
Global decisions and projects does not allow to have balance in work life and private.  Performance of decisions and projects are locally with limited resources.
Providing flexibility and ways to better balance work/familiy life (maintaining the option of teleworking)
Invest in key business opportunities and invest in people
Good company in global level and very inspiration of employee personal care individual and family. Then employee work freedom randomly in the market.
Provide more ways for shift workers to access catering facilities
Improve on the internal communication channels and practices. Unify the Merck and MSD brands and keep investing in promoting it.
Drive further innovation,  Ensure a real safe to speak up environment,  More Empowerment Simplification of processes
Improve management with respect to growing resources and supporting growth
Breakdown silo working
Performance assessments and merit rewards should be done objectively and should not be subject to distribution targets (bell-curves etc)
I would like to receive promised trainings this year as last year there were none.
I would say just carry on like this :)
Be aware of the dynamics tha happen in different site that are impacting employee negatively.Allow employee to speak up without intimidation for the future of Merck
Breaking silos, innovative thinking - stretched mindset projecting the future, and increased anchoring and alignment across departments for projects (go/no go) which are parts of new ways of working and a changing culture together with a heavy and complex compliance and procurement process is perceived as a barrier for innovation and diversed thinking.
Hiring new people and promoting right people
Ensure resources assigned to digitalistion ( Spotfire, etc )but also ensure that we recruit graduates that have skills in this space as part of our teams - these should be considered core skills for every team at MSD as technology is going no where and we need to be able to adapt quickly and automonously when we want a change made e.g to Tier process reporting. Secondly, we need to consider how we recruit for people managers- would love to see a Leadership program in i place  ( not unlike the LDP,) where we are hiring for first line management potential leaders and develop the leadership pipeline in this way to supplement our current process which is primarily development through the ranks of the organisation
Stay customer focused and flexible! Msd is a really good workplace, but can always be even better. So take care of the employees even more. I work in Animal Health, and sometimes it is more for Human health. F.ex free vaccinations against flu. Really good, but maybe Msd could have something for employee animals too? Like free vaccination and flea/tick protection. Maybe training in the worktime? At least now when we work from home.
believe that the company has an incredibly developed bureaucracy, it makes it difficult to work, I believe that in Russia it is necessary to hire employees to design events and hire an employee to respond to medical requests (in the oncology department)
Embed a culture of mentoring and dedicated time for career development at all level - grow talent internally Offer specific support to minority groups of employees heavily impacted by the pandemic, such as parents of young children.
Walk the talk, be honest,
Trully open to different prespectives and ideas foster colaboration and sense of belonging within and across teams Focus on costumer experience and satisfying clients real needs
Continue to be transparent and empower people to their jobs.
Remove all the red tape to make decisions easier.
there are so many great initiatives ongoing, but i have not had a chance to participate in any of them due to extreme workload. as an example the organon spin off-. when larger initiatives are initiated the company must allow additional resources to handle these. it has been extremely naive from the company that we should be able to manage this on top of an already stretched situation. personal development has also been put on hold for app 2 years now due to the workload. it is not a sustainable situation at all. the lack of assistant support is another issue that could easily solve some of the stress. So for me it is all about workload, and speed of change that is way too high for people to cope...
Develop further social activities to improve still further the relationship between employees, to create positive feelings, good atmosphere between colleagues. This will make/keep making the office (even from home) a place people will be happy to come to grow-up, learn, perform and make the company help patients.
Continue to take good care of the employees and the company during the pandemic. Listen to employees and act where possible. Communicate actions.
We need to bring in more admin support and junior support so that those of us with many years of experience and expertise can apply our knowledge, experience and skills in the areas where it matters most. We will be able to achieve so much more and deliver much greater impact if we were free'd up to be able to do our jobs.
Manage the work load better.
Keep doing the same , just in this moment feel for this new hub in Zurich more opportunities for child care as a new mom should be provided. the country is not friendly with working moms ( a lot of money needed to arrange child care)
Look into workload issues. Ongoing issue for 10 years now.
Allow people to work from anywhere. We have proved last year that we are doing a great job from home.
To be sure that each department and each role is meaningfully assigned and newcomers are well trained / educated on their job.
Have a plan for at least 3 years that we can count on.
1. Reinforce Legal ressources across EURAM to support Animal Health business 2. Ensure that procurement process and wow are stable and rebust (our customers are service providers as well) and actual process is quite heavy to manage in day to day
1.- past year has been dramatically challenging and while we have done a tremendous effort to keep family-personal-professional well, many of us are taking a very high level of stress and depression is something more and more often, and I am not clear how company can or is supporting employees.  2.- Facilitate  career development opportunities in a transparent  way. Example: Some Organon opportunities that were internally posted had already a person assigned to them.  Therefore people was discourage to apply, or learned the hard way during the process. 3.- For RemainCo (new MSD), be clear and transparent what the impact of losing so many colleagues to Organon will be in regards workload. No clear, how and who will managed such workload, as FTEs  will not be back-filled. Overall perception is that workload will increase significantly, so it will be challenging and potentially demotivated. If not managed, explained and planned properly, resources will be burned -out very quickly.
Make use of all brains available in the company. Don't try to solve/organize/prescribe things at a Global level which can better be done at a local level. There are high educated and knowledgeable people working on sites, make better use of them. Make sure Supporting functions deliver real support. Everyone should understand where the value is added, and make sure they support those area's. Today, there is too much overhead/global support compared to FTE's which add real value for the customer. Too many handovers, no clear responsibilities, and at the end the burden is at the shopfloor. These global functions all want information etc from the same small local team, capacity is not evenly spread in the company. Invest in local FTE's, this will make MSD more agile. Take decisions at the right level, higher management should not spend time on operational issues but should focus on strategy.
Extend working from abroad from 3 weeks to 5 weeks
Managers should consider regular 'skip-level' category meetings with their subordinates to hear other views also.
Further ensure that the possibility to work from home is eased, by financing proper work stations, including ergonomic desks and chair.
We are working together as if it was the 1980`s. We are using technology, but old technology supporting an old way of working. Having to be 100% remote one would hope we developed new-ways-of-working, but we didn't. Suddenly everyone was available all the time and so the meetings just exploded (you didn't have to be physically close anymore to participate). Instead of developing teams with shared consciousness , trust and communication we decide that everyone individually should take part in everything. The cost of this is significant.   The change is not the technology but how we organize, communicate and collaborate. Which is too slow, too hierarchical, not networked and it steals enormous amounts of efficiency and time away from our day. This usually comes at a cost to my personal life and family as deliverables and meetings with Merck is instant and often. My family always becomes the deadline I can push a bit further away .. maybe next week I can get some time with them.. but no.
Continued break down of silos - all major initiatives need to have clear business highly visible sponsorship and this needs to be communicated to all levels to avoid duplication of work More flexible work arrangements
More engagement between the sites and above site CoE to make positive and meaningful change. The sites do not seem to realize the supports available to them.
Permanent work from abroad or at least for much longer period than allowed
Reduce the amount of meetings or clearly indicate on invite, if a meeting is mandatory or if it will be recorded / both global and local meetings
Reduce complexity of the organization and transfer responsibility to lower levels to improve efficiency and handling speed.
Continue the way how it goes at this moment
improve working across divisions and functions by developing cross divisional and functional procedures and provide training as appropriate.
We should work to be less reliant on pembro in the future
To Maintain & increase the company values , To secure the Market needs from the company products every where & to innovate new products for the humanity specially on this period.
increase smartworking days to 3 even after the pandemic.
Take some steps to limit attrition and make sure people are rewarded for their achievements/performance. Limit the importance of visibility and subjective assessment of anyone's work. I don't feel comfortable knowing that my promotion depends on opinion of people across the globe rather than people I report to, and it infuriates me to see that directors and managers promote their personal favorites regardless of quality of their work. Also, focus on what we have to do - I support inclusion of people with different talents totally, but seeing less than average workers being praised for additional activities unrelated to our basic tasks makes me angry. In my opinion, involvement in global projects, like for D&I working group, should be reserved for those who fulfill basic goals of the organization.
Stop introducing new technologies without proper support and training.  Keep staff who work hard and contribute. Don't end their contracts and keep workers who've been here for 20 odd years who are unmotivated and are not an asset to the company.  Stop implementing systems e.g. QADC without properly assessing whether it will work.  If you're going to end someone's contract the person who makes that decision should be the one to have that conversation.
Local IT is sometimes a challenge in my job role.
A better high level understanding of the operating units and how they interact would help individual identification with the brand and overall ownership. I initially struggled to grasp the some of the different Lines of Business of operating units and crossover within some sites. I would like to see more high level description (with visual indication) as to how it all fits together. Especially GVO, GBSO, and GWES. I still struggle to know which sites fall under which Operating Unit. There doesn't appear to be an easy go to resource to help.  A high level MyLearning module would help.
I think MSD is one of the best companies on the market. Coronavirus crisis shows the best sides of the company. all employees have possibility to work from home and it was implemented immediately after government's  announcement regarding difficult world situation. have a possibility to create my own stile of work. I have goals and tasks + deadline. and I can organize my Working day as per my expectations and plans to make my life easy and complete all task on-time with a good quality.
Full digitization and more experimentation. We are to slow compared to other industries.
Focus more on Talent Development and make bold decision to transform our organization
Recognize that the majority of employees are operating above their capacity level on the expense of their work life balance and their health. The short notice personnel moves from MSD to Organon have created significant vacancies and knowledge gaps on MSD side that cannot be backfilled immediately making even harder a stable business continuity for MSD. In this already volatile environment, more projects are kicked off without full transparency to the organization causing job security concerns to the employees.
Be open to remote working; 2020 has proven that remote working is successful and people can still deliver great results
give the possibility to "talent "people to have a career plan
It sometimes feels like support departments only cause more work with all the different projects they're introducing (and expect us to carry out), instead of supporting us to do our daily work within the core business better and more efficient.
Be more inclusive, transparent in the decision process
Continue on this great path... I really love to work for MSD.
Have resources in place in advance to accommodate the significant changes that will result from strategic plans for MMD external manufacturing prior to implementation to enable existing resources focus on the now and have sufficient headspace to take on changes without being overloaded. This will reduce the amount of placeholder management of projects while resources are being sought.
Greater connection between leadership teams (at a country and dpt level) and the work force - too often big ideas are implemented quickly without detailed thought for the change management required at the 'doing' level. They are generally good ideas aligned wit the mission but not in line with the resources needed to implement - over time this will reduce confidence/alignment to the mission throughout the business
Working to help for people!
Provide more specialist resources to help automate tasks. Don't always expect employees to get trained up themselves to develop this. It's often much quicker to bring someone in and get things at least set up and then employees can take over any further development. Otherwise you are adding work to employees who could already be struggling with the tasks that need automating. I have seen this work efficiently in previous multi nationals I have worked for. Either that or IT resources should be more easily accessible to teams, which is certainly not obvious at the moment. Automating some tasks gives employees firstly a better work/life balance but also frees them up to start looking at where they can add better value to their business partners, which in turn should lead to better decision making.
Improve work-life balance
try being even more specific about the things like transformation, the reason why its happening and what the outcome should be is not very clear, asked couple of colleagues and their response is the same.
Our leaders at different level should be more visible
optimize work processes with 100% input from the users, not only global input
The company does already a lot in order to ensure a great work environment. The only suggestion I would make is to continue, as done so far, providing employees with the most updated, state-of-the art digital technology/equipment in order to keep up with the challenges of the digital transformation. Thank you.
I think we need to find a way to manage the amount of meetings we all have currently. Redefine what requires a meeting or what could be done via teams, designate one meeting free day a month
Eliminate confusion by having clear ways of doing things that everybody can understand. I feel we have a huge amount of references and practices, yet there is confusion as to what we should be really doing sometimes.
Actively engaging with employees on their individual needs and challenges, and finding solutions to prioritize, streamline and simplify work.  Our deliverables must be ambitious yet balanced and achievable.  Employees' wellbeing is key to our success. Actively looking for ways to build employees' skills and capabilities in the face of the unprecedented rate of change around us.  Please invest in employees.
Change our culture to be more agile, less encumbered by policies, procedures, templates, planning - more open to experimentation before getting to 100% confidence something will work. We are too old fashioned, conservative and risk averse.  Our fear of doing something wrong, or getting something wrong, is stopping us from moving forward.
to include time for family/childrens in the week for this difficult particular year 20 and 2021 : covid   adapting goals in the covid  context
less new initiatives; implement existing ones;
Make sure that supporting departments do indeed support us... and not the other way around. E.g. It sometime feels like I need to help the helpdesk... Some IT stuff gets better, but a lot of time I wonder what the *** are they doing now...  And brake down the barriers between MMD and R&D. It sometimes feels like we are separate companies, and helping them out with something doesn't mean they will help you when you need it... very disappointing.
Optimize internal procedures through better internal systems. Sometimes it is hard to find out where the problem is situated and who to contact to get the issue solved.
Adopt a new remote working model (fully remote yet fully available) that allows employees to fully work remotely (when possible) due to this is our new life now for 1-2+ years. Employees have proven their ability to collaborate and be productive remotely. Employees also then can travel as needed for workshops, meetings, etc. but this 'new normal' is really life now for many people and I think many enjoy this great flexibility.
More opportunities for promotion
Simplify governance and delayer the organisations.
HOMEOFFICE FROM ABORAD (at employees discretion). After last challenging years it has been visible that we are able to deliver a great result despite the place in which we are. I ascertained an improvement on job/life balance and achievement of positive results by delivering a better organization and quality of the work.
I suggest  - To share good experiences, best practices with the local/region community - Give more/ frequent positive feedback to  -To talk about the encouraging future of our company Thank you
I really appreciate the work at MSD, the possibility of personal development and I would not change anything
More focus on teamwork. Training on teamwork like: feedback, working together, communication, roll development etc.
Make change easier and take layers out of processes. Instill a sense of urgency to our activities
Continue to work towards the goals of inclusion and support for all, be the pinnacle of all companies that provides a feeling of family, support, trust, equality, freedom and expression. Support your people to be the best they can be which can only further strengthen the company and make the company values a way of life that is embraced by all.
stay open, looking for new opportunities in market, value people
Introducing flexible work schedule in post-Covid times Supporting new starters relocating from different countries more, not only financially Having such surveys more often Encouraging managers to speak to their teams about the difficulties that they may have As a part of the end of the year review, suggestions for the improvements in departments could be taken
Evaluate and rate the efficiency and effectiveness of all employees. not only sales/marketing MSD employees. Set priorities for all employees and track progress. Organization with 2-speed groups of employees. (different skills, accountability, engagement level)  This affect work/results, when  personel from the 2 different group levels come together.
have an open and transparent policy for communication of current state and new projects coming in
More support for staff required. Most staff in my site work way above their contracted hours which is completely unsustainable. This is clearly recognised as a problem as we've had lots of initiatives implemented such as reminding staff to take time out for lunch, but the root cause of the issue (too few staff, too much work) isn't being addressed.
- Top management listening to all parties involved when a complaint is received instead of jumping to conclusions without the necessary facts.  - Assisting with a faster system response time  from GSCM when launching a new product. Having to follow up every step of the way takes time away from other priorities.  - Better access to SAP for product managers to enable us to plan an communicate better around stock holding and management.  - Better communication on logistics - as we only hear of delays in product shipment after the stock should have arrived and start to investigate. Real time tracking would really be helpful.
Improve the hiring process and educate the contracted HR personnel on how to handle salary negotiations
A better Work/life balance
I feel with all the issues which are taking place globally, Management are busy trying to achieve their very aggressive targets, so do not have the time to focus on issues which could be affecting an individual within their team, whether it be workload, covid or racial issues which are all current at this time.
Have enough resources at places were the real work is being done, close to  manufacturing & packaging.
Sometimes I feel like "diversity of thought" that MSD talks about is more talk than action. Although I find myself in a majority in my market, I definitely think we could benefit from more minority voices.
Align the ways of working between sites -  invest in workforce- reward and incentivize especially in the hard time of lockdown and covid
We are sometime too conservative in our approach, especially when it comes to commenting on political innovations.  We need to be aware that in saying nothing we define a position and when we create a vacuum we run the risk of other stakeholders filling that vacuum and having a position imposed upon us rather than actively contributing to the shaping of the environment
In my opinion it already does a great job. However, I think that our company should pay more attention to the services provided by our contractors. I think penalties should be taken into consideration more, as well as SLAs, OLAs, response times. Also, the communication between stakeholders should suffer some improvement as a lot of time is lost trying to obtain information which in fact should be available via an Operational Manual for example. I personally understand that we work based on diversity and inclusion, but we still have to protect our work and make it more efficient.
Clear direction & roles
Speak up. Customer focus.
Address work-life balance issues that have been brought up before.
Continue what we have done so far, I like the sharing approach we have implemented, a like the focus on being the best innovative company
Be more accessible in terms of compliance , there is to much barriers  between what i want to do and the process makes it very hard, it is affecting the motivation of the person
I would really appreciate to work from any country (place)...
I don't feel that the amazing values and great views of Ken Frazier are driven down thru the company into middle management. There are more mercenaries than missionaries in those roles unfortunately.
Give a good support to home-work after Corona in terms of working facilities.
As a highly educated and skilled computer professional, it boggles my mind why I have the same limits on a PC as the secretary that has almost no computer skills at all. It takes weeks and weeks to solve small issues through the support that I am fully capable of solving myself. The strict Merck computer system has a high negative productivity impact on employees in positions similar to mine.
Enable flexible working for all employees, not just those with a progressive line manager. Stop presenteeism culture. Be clearer about the companies future. I'm worried about they direction and future stability of our business, especially when Ken goes
Global teams must listen to the need of the sites.
Better succession planning
Lot´s of rules, which makes working sometimes slow and frustrating. => Make procedures more smooth but still fullfill compliance, legal or other important rules like that.  Some systems (CRM) do not work smoothly but takes unnecessary our time to wait for it. => More flexible systems needed.
First "Listen & Learn" then "Walk the Talk" not the other way around
Being Fair to each employee and not just trying to constantly promote Males. Give everyone the opportunities.
Provide adequate resources to perform the job, ensure escalations are escalated and not just talk that they will be. Ensure managers support their team, engage with their team and are honest at all times.
MSD should continue to allow remote working after COVID19 as it allows a much better work/life balance as it eliminates unnecessary commuting. I have performed my role as well for the last year as I did prior to COVID-19 while working remotely. I feel if this is not allowed people will leave MSD and move to companies where it is an option.
Merck/MSD to provide financial advice to staff, as to the best options for shares/pensions etc.
Offer the flexibility to work from home part-time/full-time as a way of doing business, post COVID pandemic.
Better recognition of their dedicated employees, Improve D&I at senior leadership levels,  Reinforce and actively demonstrate the commitment to ensuring employees have an optimum work-life balance Greater openness to speaking the truth without ramifications
Ensure that all leaders, not just some, see people leadership as a fundamental of what they do and not just technical leadership. I think we need to do a resource review to ensure that we can manage the future workload or alternatively, prioritise where we are going to focus our resources.
Reassess the use of Electronic Systems at Brinny. The computers are old and slow. The equipment used on the floor is not maintained correctly. Merck needs to guarantee contracts, it is not seen as a long term place to work, it is not known for looking after it's employees.
To optimize processes, not to make them more complicated.
too much managers saying "do this, do that" without matching with each other and the people on the work floor
We need to simplify our systems and communicate better on prior to implementation.  Out systems/procedures are complex and we tend to over-complicate without fully understanding how they will be utilized on the shop floor. This could be enhanced by better communication or piloting on with end users.
Provide a clear picture and explanation of what the (future) plans for the setup of the workforce are and how they are linked to the company's mission.
Be more human and less dijital
Stay on the course which has been set
Ensure that departments have enough staff to carry out the required level of staffing to achieve the desired level of customer service.
I thinks that is important to have more flexibility for home office from abroad, also it necessary have more stability in procedures ( every three months something changes and it's difficult to rearrange every time) and more implementation about program that we used
Develop its people, promote from within, meaningful salary incements, job titles etc
Create more team incentives to enhance collaboration and reduce personal career profiling
- Become OneMSD, not a silos of divisions and "internal" vendors who put barriers between each other. - Less outsourcing and more long term internal resource and knowledge retention. - Vet your contractor services and enact policies to prevent abuse of contractors - unreasonable work time schedules (e.g. work from India on US time), hiring people "from street" without proper knowledge etc. - Less MS office document "paper" trail and more other qualified software/documents where documentation can be kept (e.g. git, confluence/wiki, JIRA ...)
Enable training, development and career progression (both vertical and lateral moves across the business)
respect employees theirs expertise and loyalty.
Try to simplify the internal processes - compliance, legal, medical approvals.  Also processes for IT assets creation and launch (website applications, mobile Apps). Simplify and shorten the long process related with entering and assessing a new vendor in systems in case of business/project need.
Continue the work on Work life balance for employees. Acknowledge that there is a great need for Administrative Services. They are crucial for achieving set business goals
Improve IT support & communication between departments.
Let us work from office again. Stop woke social experiments - non-US hubs/offices should not be a hostage of US cultural war.
In the spirit of inclusion, it would be great if company provides more headcount positions. This would allow movements of our contractors doing everyday job with MSD staff, yet feeling much excluded due to co-employment policies.
Focus more on the well being of employees - see people as individuals and not as bricks that needs to fit into a box. Good people will be scarce going forward and to keep the good ones, will be key
Everything is alright on a good way.
Continue with working from home 50% of the time minimum. I will find this very useful especially due to childcare
Employee Engagement; sincerely value employee's contribution specially at these difficult times.. Help employees to feel proud of what they do and connected to company
Lead the way for all blue chip companies based in Ireland (all pharma companies, facebook, google etc) and put in place paid parental leave and paternity leave policies that sets an example to show their commitment to the importance of home life for their workers to the rest of companies in Ireland.
hire enough staff appropriate for the workload being distributed
be a real customer centric company, no just on paper
Help manage WebEx load. Help control hours required to work in day. More to promote moving / healthy lifestyle vs sitting at desks and screens all day
When we are challenging a situation, it is sometimes interpreted as being a personal attack for some - as a result, people will just keep their comments for themselves and the status quo will be the rule. It would be much more beneficial to encourage everyone to share freely their perspective so everyone understands that constructive feedback is an opportunity to improve as a group, rather than considering it's a lack of respect to colleagues, or a passive-aggressive behavior.  Empowering regions is very important. As a US company, the headquarter strategy is sometimes disconnected from the reality outside of US.
Reorganize into business focus areas and operate in a One Merck manner, we're still too silo'd
Continue the work so far. Support volunteering even better.
Less conferences and meetings and more time to actually work and be productive
Sort Fortify/Direct issues - meant to improve relationships with customers, is actually causing a huge amount of annoyance and issues for our customers. Stock all fine, but payment/invoices huge issues - most departments very drained by the issues. Relationships breaking down and loss of products from our customers moving to competitors.
IT area should support people with IT knowledge not refer people to web pages with written instructions procurement should be doing there work - secure processes regarding our providers not just left people with one thousand links to find needed info themselves slow down with changing of processes and systems so quickly, I do  not think we do need urgently every new system/application over the world, use common sense more than follow blindly administrative process
We should continue to focus on and invest into R&D/pipeline and people development.
stay focused, do things steady and smooth as smooth is fast, be more mindful with people and resources
1) more opportunities to work at different locations across AH & HH. Even if just to hotdesk. 2) Equal respect and priority on all not just racial injustice but also religious injustice 3) Post pandemic - keep flexible working options available
Less overhead above the operations, but make them part of the operations to ensure that they drive the bottom line improvements we need
I think that the way the company has handled the situation of the last year has been admirable. To still keep people involved and production at the same rate is a great example of all employees pulling together for the goal of keeping our products supplied to the people that need them.
Be clearer on our vision and strategy - at a global level, local level and team level - ensure leaders and managers are truly focused on this and empower teams to be creative/innovative and try things.  We have come some way on this but we tend to put in place leaders who are great specialists rather than leaders...we need leaders who are able to engage our teams, know how to make the best out of teams and trust them to deliver on the direction and vision
Even more strive to become human centric in all we do.
Think about the work pressure, we keep getting fewer people in the department, the work load supporting a whole organization is huge. Please be advised that I have a wonderful job and manager but work load is getting bigger and bigger each day!
Good work life balance - understand why people are working too many hours (need to evaluate workload) and hours outside their normal working day. I understand that there is the need to be flexible in a Global company but people need to be able to switch off.
simplify structures so we can work faster and more efficient less leadership rotation so we don't start over again and again more diversity which means something else in US than in the rest of the world
Create a real culture of inclusion and safety to speak up. Transformation cannot be achieved with old thinking posing as embracing the new way of working.
Listen to the needs from sales to do the best job towards customers instead of office based people making decisions not knowing about customers needs For office based colleagues to strive to give our customers the best experience with our products and support
We should put more focus on the primary processes of MSD and centralize our resources around those processes. I see to much initiatives without taken the end-user/ customer in mind. Understand the needs of the end-user/ customer and go to the shopfloor is critical. I believe that we can improve this area. With this in mind and making sure we master our job and be more agile (faster decision making) we will become the most successfull company and place to work for.
Simplify the processes and procedures.  Stop making so many changes - yes changes are important, but it is constantly occurring on so many levels it is becoming impossible to keep up with.
Continue to pursue scientific advances, even where there is high risk or lack of return. In addition, we should continue to enhance our presence around the world, to be seen as a more global company (e.g. delegating more decision making from US to the regions).
Dive in deeper to ways of working, managers really listen employees suggestions to do right and meaningful tasks and remove tasks which are not that important in big picture. Developing strongly to digital reporting. Focus on Managers to motivate employees in positive, constructive way.
Encourage dedicated lunch hours and workday hours to prevent people from overworking when working from home. Discourage working long hours or on weekends.
Due to covid-19 we are working from home as far as our work tasks allow us. However, I do not feel MSD has been very active in wanting to make this challenging situation easier. We should have been offered desk/chair/screen/phone bill covered/broadband covered. These are simple actions the company could have taken to make this sudden new situation with forced home office easier on all employees. I am aware that this pandemic is a new and very challenging situation for all, but still feel that the support from MSD could have been better. We were offered to take our chair home or borrow one (which entailed having the possibility to transport back and forth is you have to go in to the office for a day - not a good solution. The same story with any other equipment.
Enrich portfolio and pipeline
The Company should take into consideration changing the succession plans at all levels and allow for people to change positions more easily. Today, with the linear structure, people are very often stuck at one position, without vision of the next step, making that we lose great colleagues as we speak.....
Really listen to the employees
Acquisitions - we need to bolster our pipeline for the future. Lot of concern that we won't have a broad enough portfolio to retain great people for the future.
Environmental sustainability. The amount of waste in Biopharma through single use plastics is getting increasingly harder to justify with climate change looming around the corner.
After the pandemic is over we should have processes and procedures in place to support our employees to continue to have the option of working remotely. This will enable a better work life balance and ensure flexibility where employees have an option to have flexible working
Share future plans with the team. Its an enabler for mental well-being.
enable working from anywhere around the world as a standard (especially since we work from home for over a year), change the strategy less often so that we can get familiar with it fully
Can it be communicated if we can work from home in the future or some kind of blended work like home based  for 3 days / office based for 2 days.
Continue to invest in the IT hubs, review the strength of each hub. leverage on the capabilities found within the hub
For me, it already is this kind of working place.
make procedures simple
More transparent communication on company wide goals/strategies
Practice what is preached - everything in the company is good in writing, but not in practice.  Checks and balances to prevent toxic leadership to develop should be put in place. Treat employees with empathy, respect and dignity they deserve. A great company with great potential if protected from few toxic ones.
Continue working on inclusion and inclusive leadership!
more agility / less conservative approaches for product development; smaller & streamlined teams; more empowerment & clearer responsibilities, less complex governance structures
Job rotation where necessary when employees no longer develop themselves; Make the business leading instead of departments who should be supportive but lead. More alignment (Maintenance Excellence versus MSDC versus MMD-IT).
We need to be comfortable visualizing our problems, and be comfortable leaning into discomfort, I've seen examples where leaders will take the easier option than stretch themselves, I feel we have a very risk adverse culture which demonstrates a fixed mindset, and to be No1 in Animal Health we need leaders with a can do attitude and a growth mindset
Please make any company changes or adaption in the light of our customer not only for streamlining our processes or getting more and more efficient.
MMD has high levels of oversight & escalation requirements. This drive decision making upwards. If we want true empowerment of people, releasing creativity, increasing accountability and driving decision making to the right level in the organization we need to change to decision making model and a change to the tier process.
Rotate more often Senior Leadership
I think shift workers need to be given sufficient holidays to align with other companies. Day staff and shift workers have the same holiday entitlements which is not right. It takes time and recuperation for the body to function well. i think you would see a much better mood and more productivity if shift workers feel they are getting what they are entitled to and enough rest time.
We need to make compliance easier to handle. We put layers upon layers of requirements and controls, however, we don't have proper and easy manageable IT systems in place to ensure decent workflows.  If we want to experiment and test, you need to put so many resources behind to cope with the many challenges that compliance workflows represent. And there is really no help. Working in a small and very lean subsidiary, many things are left to the business owner him or herself to deal with. This is a major distraction from the achieving the goals set out for each unit.
less work pressure
Ensure that any future changes in regards to large amounts of the work force working from home is balanced fairly for people whos job role does not enable working from home. Benefits of working from home can rightly improve certain peoples work/home balance vastly but its important not to forget the perks/advantages of working from home will not be available to everyone due to their job role.
Merck and MSD should look, check, test and measure if the company values like diversity, inclusion, none-discrimination are fully implemented during day to day work and if none-conscious bias could be eliminated to make the company great place to work and deliver on our mission.
Keep on motivating and supporting colleagues to make sure that the work life balance is perfect.  And make sure colleagues work on maintaining that balance.
There is an expectation to take on huge amounts of work without the resources or time being planned to allow effective completion of that work. People are constantly juggling and are generally stressed so that there is a lot of heroic effort that goes unseen. This needs to be recognized and addressed.
Include the people, lots of decisions made without employee input
simplify processes, listen & value employees and stop firing people every few months...
Please, start hiring / promoting people to "people management" role only in case, when these people really knows, what their team is doing and have some level of experiences in that specific field. My current people manager is awesome, experienced and knowledgable, but I see in other teams around, that there are promoted people, who have sometimes zero IT security or even extremely low overall IT knowledge and experiences. If that person is very bad SME or is not expert on that specific field, it will means, that this person will be also very bad people manager, because there is no chance for these people to get respect from the team or any chance for them to somehow mentor other people and also connect team together. This is probably the biggest pain point here in MSD, which I see: extremely poor skills (especially hard skills) of many people managers and team leads.
Introduce a 'respect people's time' policy. Too many meetings are called where it's not clear what the purpose is, why I was invited, my role etc. Meetings that could be accomplished by an email. Respect people's time: provide an agenda, make it clear what people's role in the meeting will be etc etc
Current FTEs don't cover business needs and work life balance thus more hiring more staff could increase efficiency and reduce burnout in existing employees. There are imbalance's in different TAs regarding job opportunities, income and resources although employees are equally dedicated and effective to the company culture, business needs and role. The company should treat equally all employees and find ways to keep them motivated, inspired not to seek job opportunities outside company.
Need to speed up digitalization. Our computerized systems are not fit for purpose, with effect of having an impact on productivity and getting tasks completed both efficiently and effectively. One example of many I could give to drive home the point. Trackwise QSAT. Every 6 months, when the daylight saving time kicks in in Europe, trackwise QSAT gives an error meaning that I have to enter my login ID and password THREE times, every single time I need to login. The fix put forward by IT works, but then prevents you from accessing MIDAS R&D on the same system! So you have to reverse the fix on trackwise so you can use MIDAS. Countless tickets raised, not resolved.
open communication, giving equal chances regardless of sex and age,informing about initiatives and  opening of new possibilities of development or assignments, not choosing only managers' favourites. Narrow thinking of managers who do not use diversity and inclusion criteria in their work.
i THINK THAT MERCK AND MSD  HAS ALRADY CREATE A GREAT PALCE O WORK AND DELIVER ON OUR MISSION
Simplify some of the processes
Improve our R&D efforts
Hire best managers for field or organize surveys with feedback of teams  increase wage
These surveys are great. However our feedback is limited to what questions are asked. I would love to see a section in this survey asking: What 3 questions should Merck ask in the next survey In this case, I would propose we ask... Does your immediate team have the people, systems and knowledge to complete the tasks required Do you think your manager's manager would be able to identify your primary concern If Merck were to prioritise 2 of the following projects, which would help you the most: 1. Resourcing study to ensure the staffing levels match the requirements 2. Investigate end-user experience from Centre's of Excellence (BSC as a support dept for example) 3.  4. etc
A flexible working model would allow colleagues to optimise their time, whilst some roles need to be site/office based - a lot do not.  I think this will assist with the hire and retention of staff.
Communication , evolving with local communities and being involved with local initiatives support local communities ie volunteering / Sponsorship / local school tours   tell our story
Keep focused on inclusion, especially for those working remotely.
continue to really challenge the status quo.... work at ways to remove internal barriers so that we can remain competitive
continue to give energy back in these challenging times
More opportunities to volunteer at a local level
I don't know
Some groups in MSD have the thinking that since they've worked "long enough" in MSD decisions should lie with them withou input from newer, more younger members of the team. This goes away from the principle of "Diversity and Inclusion". This has led to younger members leaving the organisation venturing to places where they feel they will be heard. Also some think seniority allows them to pass snide remarks at newer employees about their position and status. THIS NEEDS TO CHANGE
Outsource less tasks to third party providers
ensure support for compliance process and procedures throughout all levels of the company
more engage to the people who work inside, clear career path way to the employee especially for the promotion
I feel empowered but I see this being a major issue elsewhere in the company. Decision making is consensus based and people aren't making data-led decisions to move faster and focus in on the things that really count.
Expand the concept of diversity and inclusion to people that have different family sizes meaning that different support must be provided by the employee to its family comparing to other employees.
Overtimes must be discouraged and not encouraged. Work life balance needs to be treated as a real priority.
simplify! -> Focus on outcomes not process with closer XF WOW (including PDT for med affairs)
More resources since workload has increased since COVID.
provide sufficient staff to execute the tasks
MSD should trust and empower their employees to make decisions.  Too many decisions have to go up the management structure and back down
Aim to be a true global company across all functions - to deliver on our mission and make the company a better place to work. In my area there are limited opportunities to progress within country or region and global opportunities are only available to those located in the US. Talent should trump geography but the opposite appears to be the reality. At a time when our competitors are setting up regional hubs around the world focused on development of new products, MSD is falling behind. It is demotivating for people not to have clear career progression pathways and the US HQ-centric approach stifles real innovation across the wider organisation.
To have more trust and more free space in certain areas for strategic employers.
Personal development/self-improvement, which focuses on building up my own awareness, knowledge and skills, as well as an overall sense of identity
Less communication streams. Yammer, Teams, e-mail, Barnum, telephone, presentations, site communications. Crucial messages are getting lost as I am not sure where they will be published.
Re-Org to meet new business capacity needs for the future.
Take a serious look at resource model versus workload. Its way out of whack and having a significant impact of people well being and bringing certain retention risk our way in terms of talent loss I fear
As Merck and MSD  is  a Global company, its imp to behave as one team one culture one theme company setting Basic Ground rules but some times rules have to  made slight flexible according to the specifics needs of the country where  one operates Some flexibilty to the local leadership  team and what’s actual picture of the field should be considered, and implemented not compromising our Ethics integrity and Basic values
Try to get a more realistic view on human recources needed in order to be able to supply a (continuously growing) demand of our products.
Less bureaucracy. Dedicated personnel to perform the paperwork that I do only once or twice a year and takes too much time to find out how it should be done.  Structured exchange/availability of expertise and experience in order to avoid duplication, re-inventing the wheel.
Regarding barriers that slow down our work, we should focus more on what we are solving for and not just introduce more processes, restrictions and regulations. We are also moving in a direction away from working as one company with silos being enforced.  The speak up culture is being promoted but I have seen signs of it not working. I have experienced conflicts not being solved in Regulatory affairs DK. This seems to stem from managers not being able to execute on challenging conflicts, thus leaving the involved parties with status quo.  I would like to stay at MSD but the future does not look bright from a Hospital Care point of view. I miss information on the long term strategy (2-3 years) Also I have met quite some rejection in terms of internal mobility possibilities. This leaves me to search outside of MSD for future possibilities.
Should be more work-life balance.
Continue to work on simplification, standardization, challenging low value adding tasks, focus on value adding work, improving systems, optimizing processes, improve and shorten replacement and hiring process, enable gender equality in practice (not just in theory), reduce number of formal reviews, provide proper work from home equipment while covid lasts.
All MSD managers should set an example for inclusion, conciliation and treatment of people. Most importantly, that management be a reference for the company's excellent policies and still we have managers that doesn´t give the example that MSD needs
Main goal for animal health division should be animal health/welfare, not food industry.
Value other cultures in their own country. Do not always think 'the American' way.
Value the inputs of all employees and address the work life balance opportunities
Take care about experience people at the company and keep salaries as competitive on the market. Also work from home should be better supported, after year we finally got a possibility to select something what will help us to create home office, but it is not enough in my personal opinion.
More respect for the work-life balance Greater focus on the client Focus on the activities that create value
Global Merck/MSD is very much US-focussed, while also lots of employees are based outside of the US. There is not much consideration that cultures around the world are not the same as the culture in the US
Keep up the good work with trying to make MSD a place where you feel heard, included and where you can grow. Some things are always dependent on someone else like a manager and that can be difficult but that is also something you have to learn to deal with.
Be flexible in terms of KPIs especially during this time of pandemic, must consider that different territories have different characteristics, needs, etc. Cannot apply same parameters to different territories.
Recognise and Inspire Jobs well done to support to overall mission and global quality priorities Communication of key issues across our region so we are all on one page and understand fully
Try to move away from animal testing as much as possible - or share how we are trying to do that already, if we are.
Listen to people (and I mean the people who do the work,  not the management level).    Remove the sycophant managers.  Take issues seriously instead of just box ticking exercises.
Allow decisions to be made at a lower level. Focus more on the development of people, identify development opertunities for people and make them visable. Provide additional funding for people development, rotations etc.
Listen to the employee and customers to ensure that we can make MSD a great place to work in and a company that customers (HCPs) would love to collaborate with. We are too KPIs driven, listen to the market and be competitive..
more work needs to be done to support meaningful work life balance. Its not good enough to leave decisions like these, pertaining to individuals unique circumstances, to be left to managers discretion. The company needs to take a more standardised position around work/life balance, flexible working patterns, support for females in the working environment.
Continue to listen to concerns- especially of those feeling marginalised. Continue to be open and transpsarent with those who work for them
Continue to put patients first also by ensuring that new critical medicines stay affordable.
Verify our Mission is being implemented not just talked about.
Invest more resources in exploring and using new technologies
Making decisions at the right level, employees should feel more empowered. This is still such a consensus driven company where the risk always needs to be minimal in whatever we do.
Continue to invest on innovation and Human capital
Improve internal mobility exoerience, and how HR behave with people!
continue what it is doing
We can collaborate more across divisions and remove duplication
Encourage people to speak their mind & a culture of openness and transparency. Needs more resource as people are too stretched and working overtime.
Look sometimes a bit more at basic (ometimes even simple) principles to do the right things, e.g. solve problems thoroughly instead of just moving on. We do make steps but we are not there yet,
Ask employees what they would like to see at their site. Ways of working i.e WFH Vs On-site Vs. Hybrid. Compressed week Vs. Normal week etc. What do they need to improve the stress of their job through anonymous site specific questionaires
No specific input here
Create a space for creative thinking, and not only for marketing team, at the moment the creativity is 'eaten' by very complex processes, procedures. No idea if this is even possible, but this would make MSD even more great company to work for :)
I cannot think of something
Provide more resources for those who will be working from home a lot more due to the prolonged period with no travel
Strengthen the product Pipeline, Continue focus on ethics and integrity.
As someone relatively new to MSD I think it does a very good job of looking after it's employees and making it a great place to work, it's just a recent change to the business that has been rushed through without appropriate resources in place that is leading to issues - I hope this is only short/mid term! The only other gripe is that the business is very segmented, i know there is the push to break down silos but it is so fragmented that progress is very slow.
Free itself from global policies not fit, with no understanding of UK market. We ask values customers & suppliers to re-do the same compliance checks time and time agan as its "project specific" yet all the check are at that supplier company level - NOT the individual project. Total waste of MSD & customer time which adds zero value to anyone.
Take care of employees health in light of pandemic - support access to COVID vaccines for employees and families. Embrace new reality of working mostly from home for longer (forever?) Invest more in innovative solutions and technology
Consider remote working as a long term option for employees with childcare commitments or long commute time. Increase interaction between groups.
You are doing a great job. Keep the "CoE improvements mindset" to keep the success going.
Look into the endless meetings. This is a major contributor to most of us not having a work life balance.
Managers role is changing by the day as we have now passed the year with covid 19 and working from home life. Managers need to follow-up their employees in a way that matches the ways of working today.
Extremely Strongly need to improve Beijing Office work environment, facilities and meeting room booking system/rules, which hardly meet the employees need and match MSD compay position in the industry. The Beijing Office lack of management!! Rarely see such kind of of poor management in the industry.
Think about how to ensure good work/life balance for people working in all different timezones
Shift decision power to appropriate levels. Some agenda should shift down (e.g., conference abstracts or IT exceptions really do not have to be approved on the VP level) and some should shift up (e.g., each Director drives his/her own database solution; the company ends up with a plethora of them, none being really widely used, thus wasting a lot of resources on creating and maintaining multiple solutions that do similar things; this should be decided on maybe VP level - get one or two solutions that can be customized if needed, just like with COMET). Try to be different than other corporates. When a hot topic strikes (AI, ML, D&A, etc.), each corporate parrots the same. Not all hypes are useful. Also, customize the trainings. If US feels to have historical problems with racial injustice or women inclusion and educate the employees, focus on the US employees. A large portion, maybe most, employees of the company do not live in the US and these problems do not resonate with them.
we need to deliver on the change needed for the New MSD (i.e. MSD post Organon spin); we can't afford to drift, we have to evolve but evolve at revolution pace; for too long we have talked about different operating models ...... where are these?
foment and increase flexibility: homebased everyday if the employee need it, office based if it the need of the employee, be flexible for the time working (if someone has to stop to pick up her children and continue later, not have any problem), support conciliation. FLexibility and conciliation would make MSD a place where anyone wants to work and not leave.
Simplify align and prioritize the number of MSD initiatives outside of run the business
To invest more in current employee and help them develop and give more opportunities to progress
Employee empowerment, Ensure appreciation of good work, Encourage cooperation over competition
Improve the general approach to long term employees that would like to see new opportunities/career paths, to expand their knowledge and to progress. To be more supportive of employees that are not starting the positions on the Graduate/Leadership assignments but are very willing to support MSD and be part of the future company plan.
1. Support employees in working from home environment (monthly contribution to internet and other home supplies, one-off furniture/workstation renewal) 2. Allow employees to work from home permanently post COVID-19 times
Consider the changes that have occurred to work and personal life during the pandemic - assess the good adn bad aspects of this and incorporate this into working life at MSD
1. More clarity about company's future strategies and directions moving ahead. 2. Prioritization (too many major initiatives ongoing at the same time)
Make pay and benefits transparant Invest in IT infrastructure (better connectivity, faster computers, faster systems) Continue with work to remove complexity from internal processes (the purhcainsg process, capital investment process, hiring process,  Invest more in the next generation of leaders - promote people with potential faster - make development plans more central to career management
Keep being sensitive to her workers needs. To lead in innovation and customer centricity.
Ensure people are treated respectfully and equally and encourage and support eachother by working for the common good and shared success.
MSD has a very big internal focus, as opposed to have an external focus.  MSD is one of the most bureaucratic companies I have worked in, and it is extremely difficult to start a project, specially if it is something different.  There is no D&I problem in terms of race, sexual orientation or religion, but in some departments there is a D&I problem in terms of background training, specially for senior positions.
Enable increased virtual working cross countries, enabling access to roles where individuals are unable to relocate.
1. to strengthen management skill especially for the staff who stay in MSD for long term period 2. to align with global team to have more flexible working model
By creating a fairs day work for all personnel that ensures work life balance.
Support decision making and ownership on the workfloor
Better communication in terms of reorganizations and better support to people who try to find another position within the company, ie if his/her position was cut.
Rebalancing the number of changes that are being introduced at any single point in time.
Make sure to prevent mediocracy - make sure that strong performers are differentiated  but also the same for poor performers  -
It is not obvious how decisions are made at a local operational level on how projects or organisational changes are made and the impact these have on the available resources.  Therefore, to make Merck/MSD a great place to work and ultimately deliver our mission, greater emphasis is needed on how we will get things done not just on what we will do.  Greater emphasis needs to be place on key skills such as project management, too often treated as an assumed soft skill that anyone can put on their CV, but even more importantly is the framework and governance that must be in place to utilise Project Portfolio Management methodologies to ensure we identify and prioritise activities that best fit with our strategic goals and to use this thought process and behavioral approach throughout the enterprise.  We should be developing this key business fundamental in house and not relying on resorting to throwing money at the likes of Deloitte and Boston Consulting Group.
Taking into consideration everybody in the company and everybody's input.
allow working from home for the majority of the working week to remain in place even after the pandemic
Animal Health- identify and deal with resource pinch points Support employees through stressful Fortify project Be customer focussed Should be a culture of collaboration but conflict is encouraged All said- not done
Establish leadership expectations, provide leadership tools for project teams. PMs should not interpret their role as acting as "administrators", but should 1) be empowered to obtain project leadership and should 2) drive the projects, delegate tasks, INTEGRATE the feedback from the subteams. Simplify cumbersome governance structure to allow for faster project development. Implement tools for "agile leadership" to enhance flexibility and address project challenges in a proactive way. Speed up development processes - we often are being overtaken by competitors or run behind competition. Re-consider and improve the integration process for acquired companies.  Positive feedback the tonality in meetings is really good, managers at higher levels communicate in an appreciative tone. No finger-pointing. The stress level is really low, I do not feel the pressure of "responsibility&accountability" or pressing quick decisions, because the decisions are made by "the Team" in a very relaxed mode.
Fully remote work available.
Employ more people in Allflex CSD to give a better service to the customers be that trade pertners or direct customers. Realise that we are in a 24/7 business, especially Monitoring, and give the quality of service our customers want that match the quality of our products. Have a clear direction of the type of company we want to be and make sure that all departments understand this and that we are working as one team. MSD must realise that one size doesn't fit all and that in Allflex they have a company that MSD will have to change the way they work to get the best out of Allflex.
I believe that the company already does a lot in order to create the best environment and that our people should not complain due to minor issues, because the real world outside our company is sometimes a jungle with bad conditions, low salaries, no respect for workers and no consideration for talent progression and long standing careers. We live in a good, one of the best companies in the world. Having said this, there's always room for improvement and our leaders are meaningfully paying attention to this and acting accordingly, making our company greater and better for the future.
MSD can continue making sure right people are are in the right position in the company. People are receiving training and are given enough time to be comfortable in their job.
R&D does cost al lot of money and MMD is directly connected to profit. Focus and resources should be evenly spread to maintain process and to fortify our future. Now support and resources are mostly focused on MMD. If R&D is "left out" or "last in line" the pipeline is endangered. To break down the silos MMD should consider R&D as a partner as well.
Decreasing resources are not helping the work pressure/work-life-balance on individual staff. Many messages, videos, Yammer competitions etc. ,which are supposed to help the individual well-being, are actually very irritating to people, as not bringing concrete help, but taking up precious time
Get desired covid19 vaccination for employees and their families! Safety matters over profit!
Walk the talk.
Reduce unnecessary bureaucracy and try to liberate individuals to progress, rather than introducing more process to streamline costs
Decrease internal meetings and focus free up time to interact with Scientific leaders. More resources to medical oncology.
Provide more information about how the company is organized, what innovations we have, not only in the sector in which people work, but in general about the company as a whole. Information on how certain drugs are produced (it would be great to see how exactly).
More activities/virtual events that are not work related. Work has become very serious this past year because there are no natural breaks to chat with colleagues, all chats are meetings which are work focused, this can lead to people feeling very alone/isolated. 'Meeting-free Friday afternoon' was a great idea for Daffodil day - perhaps it should be every Friday - it would allow time for people to catch up/virtual coffee/walk etc.
Have a roadmap for future hybrid working (working from home and onsite/in office) to support post Covid-19 Pandemic and allow easier Living with the Virus in next few years.
simplify workflow
With the size of the company often trying to find the correct department or team to make progress is very difficult. This means making progress takes time and regularly much longer than needed.
1. Get ruthless with prioritisation of projects and initiatives.  2. Develop policies & procedures for remote working - reduce meeting madness/ back to back conference calls Monday to Friday leaves no time for actual work.  3. Have a weekly No-Meeting day, allow people to catch up and do actual work
We need to strive to make working from home  with flexible working hours more acceptable in the long term - ie  focus on work output rather than rigid hours  or having to be onsite everyday. This will definitely help alot of parents in particular to negotiate childcare, school pick-ups etc.
Make our sites more accessible to enable people who may have physical challenges work for us.  At the moment this would be impossible but I feel that it would of great value to be able to include everyone in the workforce.
Provide an agile framework facilitating internal process and focusing on external stakeholders
HR should be more supportive for workers especially for interns who are very often excluded from the possibilities that company usually offer for other employees such us training, medical health care and etc.
More opportunities to female colleagues and cross functional also,
Be really inclusive, move from a narrowed 9box grid and talent definition to a modern diverse agile organization
adjust the balance between deciding what to do and doing the work.  we often find ourselves spending more time deciding to do a job than completing the work actually takes.
I think that MSD is a great company and I am very satisfied with everything. I will just add the fact that they can implement some nursery or day'care for the women who are moms and have small kids.
Find a good balance between short and long term goals and have more focus on big issues like climate change, social injustice and the role of corporates in society with next to shareholder value more attention on our people
Clean up the dirty apples....
Provide more development opportunities across different job functions. Open rotation opportunities in HQ to allow knowledge exchange between countries, regions and HQ and build up closed connections in between. Set up clear & direct communication channel to timely listen to our investigators for their suggestions and needs and timely provide support/ resolutions from HQ
reduce levels of stress, promote standardisation
stop letting good people leave MSD/merck and support them more in their roles. Don't let the managers plan the projects then do nothing to support day to day people doing the actual work.
I work in MMD, so can only speak for this division. I feel that we have a serious issue of top down leadership, and in my experience where I see promotions, it seems to be weighted towards top-down 'doers' with specifically Red/Blue Disc profiles who work in silos and largely keep credit to themselves rather than people who have built coalitions and collaborated to achieve outcomes. This is very much counter to our stated values, and does not achieve the best results either - the employee moves on, other colleagues are left dealing with the processes they implemented in a silo.  We are a superb company, and we can be even better if we tackle this. I would propose that we a) do a survey of our overall DISC profile to highlight where we have gaps in Yellow/Green (particularly in our mid-management layer) so they can be made aware to avoid affinity bias and b) for new hires, do a disc analysis BEFORE hiring in order to ensure that this is also a factor during the hiring process.
Locally: In ADC at MSD Ballydine start by bringing in diversity in the management structure and eliminate same sex group think processes. Develop learning skills of the new lab analysts. They currently focus on tasks just to get the job done.
Continued focus on culture and how we work as opposed to what we deliver
Work on development paths for people so we know better our common mission and personal priorities
bring in more resources to balance the workload
Be aware of the pressure that is put in our daily work and be open to listen to what the workers feel and act accordingly. Profit should came before people in any circumstances!
Flatten hierarchy. Simplify decision making process. Reduce, simplify and harmonize GMP procedures. I understand that requirements of health authorities are increasing, but it is ineffective to conquer this by just introducing new procedures. Improve IT structure (network capacity, software, hardware) to facility new digital ways of working. Consider that increased compliance burdens require more headcount on shop floor level. Inequality of MMD and MRL in terms of salary as well as travel and training budget.
improve the employee life style
Ensure there is enough people for projects. When resource is limited, priorities should be clearly set.
Ensure that leadership actually understands the goals and challenges of their projects as well as the means to achieve them. In many cases the leadership simply hinders the while project and serves merely as a (terribly slow and inefficient) messenger between users/customers and developers/people actually working on the project.
- Promote people - ensure employees understand and believe the corporate mission and strategy - live the corporate values in their daily role
Find new ways to increase accountability.
Maybe try and look at where things can be streamlined, things take a bit to get done1
I do believe that the company is travelling in the right direction by adopting an agile mindset, digital transformation, diversifying the business in MSD AH such as MAHi, VAKI, etc. So I do believe the future is bright and as the company continue to evolve and rise to challenges within the social-economic and health environment. I am also hoping that there will be more opportunities and training for across (AH and HH) for career progression within MSD, although there are certain program in workday, but regular job fair will be welcome.
As mentioned patient is near to expire. New product launching or new division launching will help to secure the future of employee and also secure the base of turnover.
- be less political and more pragmatic - track results of the programs we implement asking stakeholder if they see the value of what implemented - overcame barriers and silos. sometime every division take care only of hits divisional goals (example procurement decide to move the current building location to save money renting a building in a less expensive area, the change affects cash compensation because we must recognize to all employees an allowance to cover the cost employees will afford to move to the new location, and the cost related to canteen that doesn't exist in the new location )
avoid conflicting messages from management. Today we must be compliant, tomorrow we can bend the procedures because business must go on.
less training to stop interrupting our day to day work
Implementing change at Brinny is met with obstacles at all levels of the organization which can be frustrating.  Flexibility regarding on site / WFH after Covid Restrictions are reduced will reduce peoples family/child care concerns. The fact that this is addressed on the Hoshin Goals is a great first step.   I really like working for MSD.
Increase the number of employees for several functions that we have backups and we share the workload
Continue innovating medicines for our patients and proving manufacturing plants new products for development.
Make systems simpler and less complicated, stream line activities, better use technology to do this eg barcode readers could be used for so much eg logging/receiving samples, recording data, printing labels
better enable/encourage in line progression rathern than post jumping for promotion
Not enough emphasis put on deliverables and having tangible goals outlined by your direct managers.  Not enough emphasis put on internal skills upgrade to ensure efficiencies.  Managers are too open to discuss personal opinions on individual team members to other team members who are on the same level creating an environment that encourages negativity between individuals rather than managing disputes amongst the team members by staying impartial and acting as a mediator as necessary.  Currently there is a tit for tat, gossip, and paranoia culture that has crept into the 'Team'. It has become a very uncomfortable place to work as this culture is now embedded into the team from the management down. Due to the lack of true management over the last few years, people are feeling insecure and being reactive to an ever increasing toxic situation thus creating cultures that would not be the norm.  There is a speak up culture being communicated, but when you speak up, it is not always heard.
ensure there are sufficient staff to do the work to high quality.  Align human health and MRL/GCTO - there is poor communication between these two groups at the moment.
- promote cross functional Teams, cross pollination - Simplified / automated processes, to be more proactive. - Investment in new tools - communication with customers, digital solutions - Investment for emerging markets in terms of financial investment & people.
Provide frequent forums / touchpoints to allow colleagues to provide feedback on their thoughts and opinions on how the company is operating.
Allow sufficient budget for resourcing and also need to change ethos from top down regarding the use of the word urgent - it is important that staff can switch off out of hours.
Bring back local IT, HR, talent requisition and purchasing into local defined roles. Outsourcing these areas has proven very inefficient.
Increase the well beeing at the workplace and maintain the work flexibility to accomodate the challenges we are facing with COVID 19 situation.  The company is already doing far better than a lot of other companies I know or have worked for previously, so I deeply believe we are on a good track already.
Simplify processes and the way we work
To provide more opportunities to internal employees to develop themselves within the company
MSD should work deeply on employees development carriers as well as give them more visibility specially during this spin off period . as i already highlighted . MSD is exigent in term of employees output by achieving target but not aligned with the market ( competitors) in term of salary, advantages ..... and fully absent in employees studies support to develop them
Provide opportunities to grow to senior level even if you are not located in the US. At this moment it looks like that above director level the majority of people are located in the US. Diversity and inclusion is the 2021 topic but a good cultural balance (people from different countries across the globe)  within senior leadership will help to act the talk.
MSD should do something concerning the conditions in which people are working from home. While working from home we stay very much more time sit in from of the PC, because the workload is the same or event bigger and the issues take more time to get solved. Working more hours in poor ergonomic conditions, for more then 1 year will also have consequences in the health of the employees.
Look at resources and make the backfill process faster than it currently is
MSD is already an amazing place to work, there is not much to improve except for minor things not worth to mention. I honestly appreciate the outstanding support we all receive from MSD during these pandemic times.
Provide the info about the plans of when getting back to our offices and the strategy behind this.
Invest on new technology or on lean for the site and then you can get the payback very soon for that.
Include in life & work balance the possibility that employees on site can have more days to work from home, after the pandemic. WFH has shown that it is possible to make it happen even when we are not on site.
There are barely measures (that work) to keep employees together and connected (at least in my organization). There is a big feeling of individualism in the culture of this company (as if we were all just  consultants). Feeling part of a bigger goal and purpose is one of my priorities at work. This is why I am leaving MSD. I have felt this even when quitting: I wanted to know whether I could take holidays before leaving and if it was a manager's decision or there was any legal requirement etc. I asked local HR for advice/support. Their answer (I am copy/pasting)was: "You are right, it is a matter of talking to your manager about it. You are entitled to your days, but if that creates a problem for her, she can deny your request. Google also offers support on this, there is a lot of info to be found on this subject" I was shocked that HR was requesting me to search in Google to look up information instead of supporting me. Worst thing is, I was not even surprised by this answer at first.
To have leadership that do expert work, not only giving orders and hiding behind the ordinarily employees’s work.
Work/ Life balance must we a priority for employees. Focus on retaining and hiring the best people. We need to be confident of our future pipeline and have a strong pipeline, either by internal science or by acquisition, whichever is required to stay at the fore and deliver on our mission.
more empowerment, less micromanaging
Continue working as is
See above.  Listen to the employees. Most decitions are taken by the leadership team and it doesn't matter what we say for the decitions are taken. Too many employees work too much because there are lack of resources. A lot of tasks falls between two chairs.
I think we should focus on our mission : save lifes. I think we should stop politics. I think we should stop react to some social events even if they are very sad (racism against asian community, Capitol events for instance) because we don't understand why you do not react to other sad events (poverty, access to drinking water, access to education...). Every choice is politics. Merck is not a political organisation.
Need to simplify how things are done. Merck has a tendency to overcomplicate the simple resulting in people having to work harder to get the simple things done.
Divisions do not work together, they continue to work in silos.  What is the clear strategy and path forward to deliver the new Ways of Working?  Have no idea what the goal is, by when and what is the expectation from leaders - it is very loose, with no clear sponsorship spine or role models of the behaviours at senior levels (examples of what they have done, people can see the clear actions they took and the impact it has had).  The focus on taking out cost is going to negatively impact any digital technologies being deployed.  If we deploy digital technologies and then immediately remove headcount, we will lose the hearts and minds of our people and they will not want to engage with digital ways of working.  We need to re-introduce MPS to remove waste/non value added work first, then digitise it.  If we digitise bad processes, it will cost more, take longer to implement and the benefits will be less.  There is still no focus/investment in MPS.
Should continue to be a research based company where every individual feels that they contribute to achieving the mission of bringing life saving medicines to the world.
Subsidised share ownership as part of the Employee Share Ownership Programme.
Be genuine and sincere. Stop making statements to sound good, but not taking actions that bear out the statements, as this erodes employee trust and the company's credibility.
provide more opportunities through workshops etc to help employees evaluate their career progression and identify their development needs. This will help to empower employees to take ownership of their future and encourage them to apply for other roles within the organisation
Ensure proper resourcing for future major projects to prevent employees from being overloaded with work and exposed to unhealthy levels of stress. I see that the double hatting concept that was a basis for the NewCo project has been adversely impacting the health of people in the company as it significantly disrupted the work/life balance. It is irresponsible to put people under that kind of stress during such a long period of time, and to not properly compensate people for all the additional work.
Maintain the focus on people
MSD is a great place to work. There is supportive culture and management are understanding and flexible.  One thing I notice now being on a project team and compounded by Covid - ensure projects are properly resourced and not done on a shoestring, so that there is a crush coming towards the end of the project, or that when people leave or move role that they are replaced rather than sharing their workload between remaining employees.  In the remote working and Global world, back to back meetings early am to late pm where one has to excuse themselves to grab their (desk) lunch or take bio breaks are becoming the norm... there is little time for solitary work to be productive or to exercise during the day, which is unhealthy for mind and body.   Collaboration and development opportunities between divisions is something I feel strongly about -  shared vision and aligned goals...while allowing employees to develop into roles within the company, rather than focusing on within the division.
MSD always took the necessary steps to make the our company a great place and create a great culture   If I have to mention a step needs to be taken it will be amending the annual salary of the employees who are paid under the annual salary bracket of their titles
As people in ExM are scattering all over the world, team members have little chances to have face-to-face interaction, and it's hard to create a sense of belonging. Management may think about to improve it after the pandemic
Be more flexible in SOPs and actions regarding the virtual environment.  Reduce bureaucracy in processes when it is possible.
One of the most difficult aspects of work is that everyone seems hugely stretched with little "wiggle room".  Time is the most valuable commodity. An important consequence of this is that it is very difficult to find time to talk to colleagues with many knock on consequences, e.g., problems become crisis-management because they may have been missed or not addressed at an earlier timepoint.  Allowing people to have a little spare capacity should not be viewed as a bad thing and people should be working wisely and productively, not just being busy.
Add resources, have a more performant infrastructure (network, systems, operating systems, ...) Avoid adding non-essential work like trainings, administrative tasks, ..
I think the the way Company is driven, its a way high, it should maintain the same tempo
remove barriers of bureaucracy and administrations. be more flexible and agile and put the patients first
Focus more on getting ALL employees feel appreciated and important, to allow for engagement, creativity and innovation.
we lack resources to balance our personal and professional life.
Focus on reducing the amount of information shared through different channels every day - the employees are overloaded with the amount of news, updates and new information and it is practically impossible to keep track of everything that is going on.
I think the company is focused on some profiles of employees and they forget about other roles having employees from class A and other employees considered as class B. The class B don’t have any opportunity to develop their skills and grow in this company. These kind of employees just receive orders and can’t express their opinions or views to make this company richer and variate.
Keep up the important D&I work
The company should have done something different for year-end; for receiving outperformed rating, it was totally lost with the scorecard. I know this was Covid impacted but the company should have done better or different as this was not a normal year in any sense. The efforts put in during 2020 and the impact of such upheaval with covid, working from home, stress, etc. and for the company it was business as normal approach for year-end.  This has been totally demotivating.
Better look at the needs of all isers when implementinmg a new IT system.
To make sure there are right people at right place (especially at mid management level). Also try to eliminate fights between MMD sites and global decision as then we (employees) end up in the middle and it is not nice place to be in.
Ensure that if there are some major benefits, then they are accessible to all employees globally
Make a good balance between working home and in the office in upcoming months.  Cover employee's cost while staying on forced home office. Open flexible positions - part times.
We still need to simplify internal processes which hinder the speed and agility of our ability to work. Internal processes take more time than external and are not clear. Each department should have an admin support for the team to do the paperwork so that we can concentrate on the job in hand rather than having to do lengthy and onerous internal systems that aren't intuitive.
Real work-life balance that is taking into account the expected results vs resources available
Continue to get involve with current crisis and continue to support employee to have a well-balance life
Implement sustainable environmental policies in all areas of work to ensure we deliver upon our mission but without impact on the environment
Reduce meetings, allow people time to do their work inside the working day. Respect peoples vacation time. People feel under pressure to log on early am, evenings and weekends to manage their workloads.
Actually realize the growth mindset in the people we employ up and down the organization. Talk less about Agile and actually be more agile. We are consultant led rather than led by our own culture and mindset.
Increase of admin support
- Improve the leadership narrative for people whose jobs are committed to areas that are not oncology and not vaccines;  improve the resources for these areas. - Actively embrace perspectives from outside the company and welcome 'experienced hires' for the different approaches they can bring - balance the "MSD/Merck way' with a sense of ongoing change and a willingness to listen. - Balance up the ways that we show appreciation for our people - not just tactical delivery and relentless project workflow, but also strategic contributions, clever ideas, good leadership, vision, teamwork, etc. - Truly reward leaders for developing their people - for regular advancement of skills, experience AND roles - there is too much importance placed on "who you know, not what you know" with leaders reluctant to make themselves vulnerable to change or to the advancement of others.
MSD are an amzazing company to work for, the companies culture and dedication to innovation to medicine is commendable.  The company has won many award for Best Employer over the years, rightly deserved.   A couple of points MSD can take into consideration..  Sometimes I feel MSD dont always value longstanding members of the organisation that have developed skills and moved across different BU.   I also dont belive that MSD have a great insight to salaries that competitor companies pay for simular jobs in MSD.
Continue to look for more opportunities to generate communities at work, both formal and informal eg COPs that allow people to share knowledge, experiences, best practices and ways of working. This is even more critical with the likely increase in remote working post Covid.
Diversity includes age.  Kindness as a currency.  Less pressure during pandemic.
Senior manager to sponsor and support changes in digitalization, removing barriers on the way.
I think that everyone has shown diversity in the working form home structure and i think that we should be allowed an option to continue to work from home permanently, especially those with children that we are still trying to integrate into a "normal" society. Personally my home and work life balance would improve dramatically if i was allowed to work from home permanently
More focus on reward, recognition, pay and conditions including improved pension provision and share ownership incentives. Especially for employees in the lower and medium pay brackets - a leveling up from top to bottom making Merck a fairer place to work. Sustained focus to ensure equality of payment from a gender perspective. Opportunities for all and promotion on merit and ability, with a focus on dismissing previous relationships and associations when recruiting for internal positions - making Merck a fairer place to work.  Equal treatment for all rather than highlighting and picking out distinct groups - potentially highlighting differences and creating divisions.
Clearer Roles and Responsibilities
Support the employees and their families during this stressful time, also medically (vaccines, treatment). Encourage innovation in small teams, introduction of new technologies.
As getting vaccinated against COVID-19 is being an issue in several countries, it would be great if MSD could arrange vaccination for their employees.
provide support for language courses for employees who are not living in their homecountry. Promote F2F interactions (post COVID crysis) for global organizations
The place I work I feel policies can be modified to be more flexible especially when we are facing this Pandemic situation. I personally feel following policies are not that much flexible.  1. Leave Policy:  - There should be flexibility/no capping on number of days applying leave and no of times. - Sick leaves can be more than 8 considering this pandemic or any other serious illnesses.  2. Insurance Policy:  - Home isolation treatments expenses are not covered by our policy.  - Insurance partner team is not much supportive as we are receiving responses very late.  3. Health and employee safety policy: - As we are working from home since last 1 year, there is no support from organization on employee health and safety to maintain ergonomics (Table, Chair, Extended screen), however we see many organization are providing this support upfront.    All this issues are already raised by people to local support teams, however no satisfactory responses/actions are received.
The company should take special attention to the business and technical knowledge linked to few people or contractors, in this period of transformation were more are moving to newly created Organon or departing from Merck for more interesting positions in other companies.
keep up the good work, communicate any changes timely
increase transparency; ensure adequate resourcing; break silos;
Inputs from medical colleagues in CFTs have been always among the most critical ones for successful outcomes. Decreasing number of medical staff is with a question mark on the strategy
I think staff development needs some focus.  Although there is a lot of talking around this in many instances I don't see that backed up by actions.
Continue to develop and support staff so that they can continue to perform over time
make agile working possible by stopping needless processes
Continue advocating inclusion and diveristy in all departments and functions, to ensure people have a voice and sense of belonging.  Provide sturctured coaching & development frameworks for those who are actively seeking improvement, growth and willingness to take on addtional responsibilities.
continue the way you do and select strong leaders who naturally share MSD/Merck's values, who are inspiring and that everyone respect.
I think we have alot of hoops to jump through and processes that take a long time, which in some cases is justified (especially for Shop floor/GMP systems) but I feel like we need to be more agile to enable us to test proof of concepts and then scale if successful.
Build stronger teams that actually support each other and collaborate. Ensure that all members of leadership teams are great people managers that understand the value of diverse teams that compliment each other. Great people managers are always better leaders than managers that are purely specialists.
Develop and publish a company work from home policy post Covid-19. Properly resource areas that are under resourced. Ensure global teams are aligned with site teams when they interact or perform activities with sites. Ensure site prioritizes the workload and has a plan in place to deliver that work load over the course of the year
Better IT equipment and resolve IT issues more quickly . Adapt more quickly to Digital world
Further - genuine emphasis on better prioritisation. Learning and empowering to say 'no' more as a MSD culture to give more time for the really strategic projects that really, positively impact patients.
Seek planned  long term incremental improvement , and not chase "disruptor" big ban innovations which have not been thought through
Suggesting more trainings in order to improve people (language trainings which will help the communication with clients and Local markets; courses related to job transfers (for example from finance to IT)).
stop treating people who work from home as non contributors
braking down the  silo's further and really work and think end to end
use digital technologies in an appropriate manner. not to hinder. also on the note about being used to make better quality decisions this is not the case as when there is better technology that could be used it comes as a road block to use it.
Raise its profile amongst the public; here in the UK barely anyone knows of MSD, despite its size and market positioning. Whereas most people would recognise AstraZeneca, Pfizer, GSK.
Support balance work-life
Be more flexible to managing resources
Make it easier to change from our current department to another one in case employee is interested and is able to perform a good job and from a different perspective.  Disolving hierarchies Boost all employees to be flexible to WOw and to really integrate them in every task/contact every day.
Focus more on employee mental wellbeing and work life balance More refined paperwork especially regarding events and meetings.
Continue the good work
We have too many workarounds for systems. Many of these workarounds require actions outside of the systems, even though they can easily be performed inside of them (e.g. procedure for SOPs in Qualitydocs that requires offline review, while Qualitydocs is designed for that). By doing everything in the system we can often safe 1-2 weeks of time and it simplifies things.
1. Be at the forefront of covid research and delivery globally;  2. Continue to raise awareness socially and politicaly of diseases, treatments and prevention;  3. Be honest and transparent in all that we do - I am proud to work at MSD and in pharma but am often met with sceptical comments about pharma and our goals. We need more PR about what and importnatly how we do things.
Thoroughly assessing what processes the company needs to have to meet its obligations, and removing all the ones that unnecessarily go beyond those requirements. Also to focus on delivering training in multi model formats to cater for different ways of learning for different people, to empower them to take more ownership of their own understanding and behaviour.
Involve more people when elaborating SOPs for example (especially the ones that have to apply it every day)
Reduce the push on D&I, I feel this is being pushed into my face and turns me off D&I. Obvioulsy D&I is a big issue in the US but in Ireland we don't have race riots and don't have this large elephant in the room political/social injustice issue.
More needs to be done by IT to simplify and automate manual / complex business processes - Tracking / Approval / Communicate - Vacations / Home Office - IT Variance Process - very manual / significant number of reviewers.   Work should be done to simplify this process, and remove the root cause for needing in first place.  - Budgeting / Capital Requests - not transparent on status / still paper based
Walk the talk on putting people first. People want to grow and see that they have a career path. When there are great candidates internally, it is demotivating to see that the position is opened also for external people. When you have performance, but growing opportunities are not created within the team, it's again demotivating. Yes, there are many opportunities in Merck. But when people want to specialise in a specific domain, there are not so many options.
Invest in employees we have now, so they can meet new requirements and give back to the company.  Diversity on age and personality
I think that MSD is already doing a fantastic job. I think it is important to keep focus on a safe, but fast, re-opening of office facilities as people are struggling working from home to the extend they are currently doing. I highly welcome creative thinking around a more flexible workplace, that will allow our teams to adapt their working schedule and where they physically work from, to fit their need and private life.
actively letting people look beyond their own department. Go see,- cross learnings
Continue to work on getting successful products to our pipeline; communicate in an open way; continue to promete speak-up culture; implement with success a continuous learning programme to all employees; support employees with measures that help us to better manage work life balance.
I think as a global company we start to feel the impact of very heavy procedures in all company levels that are sometimes an obstacle to fast response to Market challenges. I think we need to work on flexibility and fast responsiveness.
It's hard to have work life balance. There are many exciting new projects and improvements happening but it's a challenge to find the time to fully support/implement the products within the working day.
I feel MSD is not as famous as other Pharma companies like Pfizer, J&J and Novartîs. I feel we can do a bit more to make our brand more popular within general patients so when they can in turn promote our brand value to their network. We are a great company and it’s a best place to work but I feel not everyone (not even in Pharma community) is aware of it.
More emphasis on continuity of relationships with (key) customers
Continue with the same level of communication during the pandemic period. It is a time of uncertainty. I believe we currently have the right or a very good level, this mustn't be allowed to reduce or diminish so uncertainty sets in particularly when we are talking about and making plans for a RTW. The RTW we have (post pandemic) maybe very different from how we worked pre Covid.  Many people have settled into a new routine very different from 2019 and before, people that once commuted long distances may not be overly keen to a return to doing that. RTW may be challenging and problematic. In the last 18 months (2 years?) peoples lives will have changed, access to child minders, need for child minders, not wanting 2 hours on the road commuting, parents minding children.   RTW will be a challenge and we need to bear that in mind and manage it properly. There will also be no one size fits all.
People related issues are the ones I am really concerned about. are we enough?   and even if we approve more people...FTC instead of FTE for long periods is not a good retention and personal development strategy.
Simplify !!!!
I would make it mandatory for all managers to review working hours of their reportees. Anyone working more than 45hrs a week, either has too much to do, isn't trained properly, not supported or is struggling. No one should be ALLOWED work more than that. Its not enough to say you "shouldn't". We talk the talk at MSD but we still have to walk the walk, this is especially true of the liveit principles. We see the cards and communications everyday, all ignored as we bypass their teachings to get the job done.
Improve procedures.
Focus on the great discoveries that MSD has made that improve people's lives all over the world, such as making HPV vaccination available to so many people around the world which will protect them from developing HPV related cancers. This is phenomenally valuable work as cancer destroys lives and families.
Strive for excellence without forgetting that people need time to adapt to change and that failures also offer opportunities (room for innovative ideas without fear of failure)
MSD is an international company. MSD has offices everywhere. MSD should strive to adapt to the specific culture and mentality of each country.
Agree at the top on priorities (thats done) and make sure that this is translated consistenly thru all mgmt layers what it means for people doing the work. Currently this is not done and it means there is mis-alignment
improve balance between expectations and resources  available , more focus on external world than on internal systems like : implementation of systems that are not time consuming and compatible with the others , not multiplying the same documentary requirements in different systems
Place static bikes behind desks for physical well-being Improve/replace AFAS, so holidays can be bought and sold throughout the year Start thinking and communicating on how people can work from home more after Corona Reduce/bundle company information communication Make moving up (or in some cases down) to the right job grade easier and a lot quicker. For example if a person has worked in the grade above for over a year and will stay doing so in the foreseeable future, move them up without letting them jump through more than one or two hoops. Show transparant overview of male vs female salaries
(1) Make resources available in good time to employees, especially new hires ( It discouraged me have to join the company and none of my resource were ready, I have had to use my own car until it had a break down, Despite the disturbance of Covid 19, A teams training should have been arranged in good time.  (2) The company needs to pay its service providers in good time, before its its credit life is bad named. this will results in service providers not trusting our company and therefore affect how the pursue us, The worst is thatthey will not prioritize us or even cancel contracts with us.  (3) Processes needs to be reviewed at least every year
Considering the current situation, the company's support for employees vaccination is important.
Focus on simplification of processes and challenge the status quo.
Enhance diversity and inclusion at regional leadership levels
We can work to improve our position on the global "access to medicine index". Currently, we're positioned as number 15 out of 20 major biopharmaceutical companies. We can do more to ensure access to our innovative treatments in countries where resources are relatively lower.
I think we need to have new opportunities (new processes)  to enable new possibilities and to stay an important contributor in the Merck/MSD network.
1. Streamline processes and consider whether the most appropriate people are doing administrative or process tasks - is it efficient for those people to be doing lengthy admin processes or not. Could these be done elsewhere to enable faster completion of processes and drive results? 2. Need to recognise where bottlenecks are occurring in the company and resource them effectively. i.e. if every output has to go through medical and legal sign off, these teams need to be of a suitable size to manage the work coming their way. 3. Need to consider how to allow talent to move around different parts of the business - a national or regional GMAPP equivalent would be great
We do so much, so well, we are going through a very busy period - which is evidence of our shared success. I think we could help people switch off more and make time for themselves. However as we progress through the pandemic we will return people to the office space - that will naturally create that delineation between home and work again which will benefit a large cohort.   We can continue to upskill people in both our culture and MPS to continue to make our workplaces great places to be; yet efficient and even more productive focusing on the right work at the right time
Established a clear strategy and business model for NA cluster ensuring sustainability ,focus on key TA's to drive the cluster to next level
Sometimes it's my managers manager that is the problem. Clear lines of ownership would be good, issues are managed at the coal face by folk like me and these are not fully understood by our (managers) manager
Continue to leverage digital tools to enhance your decision making processes and to enable/free-up capacity. Additionally we should prioritize better and say no/not-now to new initiatives to pick up speed in execution of activities/projects/work
Hire more staff. Reduce pressure on staff to meet unreasonable timelines. Distribute work fairly. Replace staff lost due to high turnover quicker. Provide more support to specialists double/triple/quadruple jobbing. Provide buffers between higher level Managerial staff in QC and Analysts. Acknowledge that culture in QC has caused mental health issues for staff and address this responsibly.
Streamline bureaucracy and documentation requirements Share and promote advanced technical solutions or tools that are already in place at MSD (and share the use case) but people often don't know about them (PowerAutomate, PowerApps, Confluence, to name a few but there's certainly many more)
Avoid using the large number of general consultants from the generic 4 big consultancy firms. Real subject matter experts that are contracted are a big help and we can learn from them, e.g. specilaist with specific SAP knowledge we are lacking.
Try to connect more the theory with reality.  Example: some webex/meeting pushing for the work balance and then in next moment receives some extra tasks/requests with short deadlines
Invest in people. Allow reasonable time and resources to complete activities
More transparent compliance and simple procedures as well as true personal empowerment.
Empower people from every level of the organization and to allow more experimentation bottom-up and not top-down.
allow getting ergonomic chairs from the office for work from home
When planning projects/ activities/ deliverables, start with a task breakdown to ensure sufficient personnel are available
General wellbeing: currently, since we started working from home, employees social benefits have been reduced. Working from home, time for personal life has been impacted, we are expected to be available for longer hours, we have lost 'the lunch' benefit we had in the office (this implies we need to invest more money and time of our leisure time in being fed), also bills have increased with no compensation.  Analytics roles: analytics roles need to be considered as important as business units in terms of career opportunities and training. There is no visibility of this roles across the company and colleague from the business units see as a service not as part of the team.
-Continous internal trainings on communication and skills -Ensure the resources and tools of work
Merck principals, like Diversity and Inclusion, should apply to all departments in the business. Inclusion seems to be used to support management ideas but certain groups seem to be actively excluded
We need to overcome our burdens of being a large pharmaceutical company so that we can anticipate on market dynamics. Points of consideration: IT infrastructure, bureaucracy
after the spin off procedures we need to know how the company will build the nearest future specially in low to middle income countries
instead of introducing new systems like Ways of working and other programs, first fully implement the system on all levels.
I feel there is not enough collective agreement on priorities and how these priorities will be measured. There is a continous avalanche of things to do whether its dealing with a franchise challenge, managing teams & admin, delivering a country priority, delivering a global priority, or finding time for personal learning & development.
1. Clear and effective directives from the top management.  2. Clear career pathway to employees in every level.  3. Management should do something to help employees better manage the workload during and post spin-off.
I feel like empowernement for countries and individuals to pursue innovative solutions is lacking. There is alot of focus on cost cutting. This includes job losses which increases stress for Teams and myself. These cost cutting measures adds pressure and no work life balance. I feel like we need to pivot dramatically to adress the needs of the future, to remain relavant and to adress the needs of the communities we live in. The lack of agile tinking and support means we ideate, do alot of bussiness cases but never action or support trasnformative ideas.
The pandemic has changed the human life-style and employees have been working from home for more than a year. However, there is no change on employee benefit plan to cover the new needs. Office parking and gym memberships are sample of entitlements that least to be utilized nowadays. Perhaps our company can reevaluate our needs and react to the changes caused by pandemic.
Social contribution and promotion of matching with drug discovery research
Think ecologic for thé cars
Get rid of the global micro management and try to process everything, it feels headquarters worries only about compliance, compliance, if the company should really life the "new ways of working" concept, we would need to have more room for self-responsibility and trust.
Better and timely communication from the manager (in general and from the studies) and the various roles for an improved work flow. Respect for everyone's work, for all roles
Value and reward the team members' hard work and outputs rather than their corporate visibility
A lean company is fine, but it should not be so lean that people are burned out. This is espescially the case in some LS species.
Within certain countries if feasible increase vacation days.
Continue working like till now with focus on developing new medicines and making them available across the globe as well as on internal processes improvements associated with implementation of state of the art tools /programs in support of daily business activities, getting out of the silo style thinking, and efficiency improvements, incl. implementing electronic signature and appropriate tools to allow paperless working and storage & availability of docs electronically.
Invest in the future, invest in employees instead of burning them from both ends. Assign sufficient resources to tasks or projects. You get what you pay for, so MSDs "no raise unless promotion" policy results in people leaving and later re-joining MSD, while they could have stayed with a salary thats reflective of their work. Have someone take care of the GMP systems and fix the quality manual.
Merck should try to leverage all sites to form the best teams at all sites - ie move techs from Worthington to Elkhorn and Desoto and all around
Risk base monitoring
Very happy with the actions taken by MSD to make it a great place to work, and I believe the company is continuously working to improve and develop as an exiting company to be part of.
Invest more in the people, align workload and available resources.
- Be more visible to the public, build a strong brand to enhance the careers of talents - Allow flexibility to work from home (or anywhere) also post-Covid
Empowering people to talk and hearing for new ideas and accept different approaches and mindset
A culture of being able to speak freely when you have a different opinion, especially an opinion that is different from the management, and the management is able to hear it without bias.
- Reduce the amount of compliance issues (eg creating a new supplier/vendor takes months!) - Reward and acknowledge work that maybe at first  glance is not part of the primary process however is needed and increases over time however for which no extra time/fte is provided (quality and SHE systems, managerial tasks (BBT, WOW, D&I etc). - Be more at the front site of supportive innovations: electronical signatures, ELN, one system for multiple tasks etc.
Improve IT - so much time is wasted through updates and software being broken. Working from home means connection to resources is harder and IT issues are harder to resolve
Post pandemic, encourage international travel again and making real connections between our different regions. Whilst virtual works, real interaction is better. Work from home strategies should be encouraged post pandemic to allow flexibility.
Focus on Diversity and Inclusion, help managers understand what it all means. Hold managers accountable to be role models of our company values and ways of working.
Considering more the details of activities, the required timings and headcounts I honestly think we should be more people in the team.
Great success.
more effort on digitization
Reduce the number of turnovers, from contractors.
Less bureaucracy, this would really improve the speed of our work (especially cross-teams).
It is GREAT to give people opportunities. However not all are the same and not all want to move to new job positions or assignments. But may just want to grow and be very GOOD at their current workload. We need those who move to new areas - but we also need the engines who are secure and stable ressources, who know their work area very well. This kind of effort is hardly ever INSPIRED (in INSPIRE) if ever. But assignements and participating in 1 time exercises are often inspired. While the "engines" do their work in the background and we really need them there!
I need more resources to find the appropriate work/life balance in the current pandemic situation. The words that fits the most my current state of mind are: "I am not sure if I am working from home, or if I am living at work." It is a joke, but I am sure most of my colleagues feel the same.
Dedicate more resource in some of the areas; stop/limit  Corp projects which creates a lot of work at the local market
Be open minded, good for its personal and keep a positive spirrit in these pandemic times
Kepp focusing on their employees and developing those that are here. They already do a great job so it would be good to see it continue.
be more focused on changes occurring in the world, new needs of people to allow best possible work-life balance
Ease up a little bit with the strait bureaucracy
Holding back global organizations (Quality, Procurement, IT, Human Resources, etc.) in more-and-more implementing self-service and automated information sharing tools, and instead have operations and procedural/system changes sufficiently serviced and supported towards local site acting persons.
Remain being open, flexible and take care of well being of people.
The work load is too heavy and getting heavier. With each comment about work-life balance and encouragement to take a break is another comment about reducing budget and adding more work. Very demotivating.
Really create a fair for all environment where all different opinions are respected, encouraged and people are not labeled and put into boxes and where management is not promoting only certain people based on a restricted set of "requirements" but builds and promotes all kind of strengths, characters and harness that value that all those people can bring to the organization. This is the real and true diversity and inclusion, not a fake impression that all can express but only some to be recognised and promoted. This is the old ways, if Merck and MSD really wants to influence and shape the future it needs to promote visionary people that think especially differently and reward that. To find a way how to build also products/services for healthy people not only for the sick; this can be a way of investing in the future with a wider range of products and reaching out to much more people.
All things are good in terms of culture except for career opportunities which is very rare
Bringing the divisions together. needs to be enhanced As an HR employee, working for all divisions, I see too many times projects or communications specifically designed and targeted at a specific division, while they would be very interestig for other divisions. I strongly beleive there should be more communications targeted at the entire company with information on each division, rather than division specific communications. Also, all employees should go through an onboarding process that informs them more of the othre divisions: our headoffice employees in HH have no clue about manufacturing or animal, and vice versa. I think it's important to understand and enhance the sense of purpose and belonging
Support vaccination so we can get back to face to face environment.  Encourage initiatives and managers to question and find/reward process improvements across all divisions.
Look past COVID with a view to making remote working an option for people that can do it and have been doing it successfully.
Give Protection to msd employees from COVID-19 and help to employee for this pandemic
The company is vocalizing the need of the importance of a strong positive culture and work environment, yet don't seem to take Office of Ethics reports or other initiatives  seriously, or they go ignored. The culture the I work in instills fear and toxicity on a daily basis, like an underlining current of electricity. I am managed by fear and feel that I can't look at other opportunities or speak up without the fear of retaliation. I really feel we have some great potential and unfortunately lost many team members because of this toxic culture. Hoping for a better, more effective change.
- Spend more time asking customers if they want the digital journey we are on. - Empower self-organising teams to choose their own methodology.  Getting the right balance of SCRUM vs LEAN is essential.  There is no single 'right way' to be 'agile'.
Provide the right resources in the right places to accomplish what is needed.  It's not possible to continue to work at a pace where we are trying to do too much with too little.
Continue to do as is. It is a very inclusive company. I really value the updates and the personal reach out of management. My only comments relate to 1) giving countries more flexibility in piloting and using digital tools which have already been developed and are available online finding a third way of vendor assessment. As this really is now a very heavy lift for smaller countries. 2) ensure employees get budget to set-up a professional home office to facilitate proper working conditions
Better schooling policy and better insurance policy (dental insurance, ophthalmology insurance and 90% consultation fees without limit).
Keep working towards smart and decisive decision-making and portfolio prioritisation based on data
Consider more flexible HO policy
Start caring about people.
Shift workers should be able to take all bank holidays as holidays. As it stands bank holidays either fall when we are in work or on our rest days so we get no benefit from them. We should be able to take the bank holidays as time in leau. We also work statutory overtime that we should accrue holiday time on. The vast majority of other large companies allow shift workers to benifit from bank holidays. This would help with work life balance for shift workers who have to work nights and weekends. Even though we are paid a shift premium we should be able to benefit from bank holidays like every other worker.
Enforce Meeting Free Feedback Friday thoughout Nordic/Baltic, which allow concentrated time to 1 - Reflect and think strategy in quite suroundings, complete work, reflect and give feedback, reflect and plan for next week & allow better work/life balance if this allow sence of control before weekend.   Enforce 3 min quite note-taking in workshops  - - to allow writing down your own thoughts before the meeting organizer say too much   Enforce meeting invites should NOT start at x.45.   We initiated 45 min meetings to allow a smsll reflection brake before the next meeting.  COnsequence now is that people log shorter meeting,non stop - and you squeeze 3-4 meetings into 2 hours.   Transition cost between issues is high and people is worn out
Dont forget that Merck and MSD is a global company operating in various regions and countries. Communications are very often US focused. Covid related benefits were introduced only in the US, and European countries often do not have sufficient P&L funding to secure these extra benefits - e.g. employees are not able to buy ergonomic chairs etc. Admit that the workload for many departments has been incredibly high due to Covid and Organon spin-off and do something real about it. Dont only tell the people to take good care of themselves if on the other hand they need to work 10 hours a day to deliver what is expected of them.
work life balance
If the company says that they value Work & Life balance then, should also demonstrate
Improve for efficiency.
Continue in the spirits of Ken Frazer and keep doing the good work
Business support. Get champions on different procesees such as contracts, sponsorships and other administrative tasks that takes too long to do due to the fact that the process is always new to the one that does it.
Be more flexible, less bureaucratic, more open to the customers' needs
Again, make processes simpler, have a more holistic approach towards guidelines, rules and restrictions. Paperwork, forms and signatures delay progress and decision.
MSD should continue to develop their staff, it's a place i want to continue working at because there is opportunity to grow and i feel my management care about my personal development. It would be helpful for day to day work, if the systems were a little faster, however, i know this is an issue not unique to MSD.
Ensure all management are sufficiently trained in people management and are sympathetic towards peoples needs.
the only thing I could recommend that is to create user friendly databases to eliminate waste of time for finding out the information and organizational charts for each employee with job roles so it would be easier to find out the correct contact.
Beeing able to act more quickly in the market, not so compliance heavy. Respect not booking meetings after 16.00
Continue to lead from the top by example. (Excellent leadership) We are all the team even the manager who has to be prepare to roll up sleeves during pressurised times to meet deadlines. Never let the team or teammate fail. Communication is vital
Simplify internal processes. Increase all managers focus on employees personal developments. Although the responsibility is on the individual employee to focus on their own personal developments, the individual employee will not achieve this if their manager does not prioritize, support and have knowledge on how to develop their employees.
Adopt a flexible Remote working model.   - It has been clearly proved during the pandemic that most of the employees are more productive and efficient while working from home, without the need to spend hours on commuting daily.   - Employees should be trusted more and they should be given more flexibility in terms of remote working, once we return in the office. So far there are no updates on this, while most of the biggest companies in the world already have a new policy in place for this.
Try and reduce the amount of online training courses, some weeks they seem never ending! Try and reduce paperwork whereever possible, smarter working with prepopulated apps possibly?
focus more on clear promotional tracks of employees, add development aspects (active training) for establishing internal knowledge and not hire too much external consultants (or for support and development reasons).
Without traveling and office hours, people are loaded with more and more work. It's hard to enjoy this kind of life.  High workload adds stress to all levels. Less personal contact makes it hard to keep a good relationship with your manager and co-workers.  Where did the idea of personal development go? It's been years that someone was actually interested in supporting people to learn something that is not necessarily 100% related to the operational business. What kind of career can one expect at Merck. Is "performance" and "experience" still a factor for getting a promotion?  I feel that the gap between what's said in townhalls vs what's done in reality is growing. I am losing trust that managers actually mean what they say.
Lot of talking about us being able to raise or voices but when you do it´s not ok.  MSD is said to be a flat organisation but still the hierarchy is very present and shown in everything we do. "Sharing is caring", well not from the top down...
Merck and MSD can drive further on business development opportunities and manage growth in future years.
its already good place to work
I think that one thing is how company locally acts today and the other is believe in bright future. Regarding future i am not sure that we have great pipeline, regarding acting locally - being agile is our priority, but instead of agility our agile brings new restrictions and complications. Medical is transforming and taking us the only source of information which is very humble as it is. Sometimes I feel the decisions of reorganizing are not thought threw and that brings kaos.
Resources and workload are not evenly balanced due to high turn over of staff, need to improve retaining staff especially staff who have been with the company between 2-10 years.   Resource planning is not clear to staff outside of managerial roles and sometimes depending on the department the resource planning may be under estimated when compared against the level of work, instead of trying to squeeze 110% out of people we should be identify the number of people it takes to do the tasks.   In the manufacturing area engineers get caught to support outside of core hours for administrative work i.e. past 6pm printing batchsheets due to administrator staff having completed their work hours, instead should review a day and evening shift pattern for administrators staff which would give more time back to the engineering role.
Continue to be innovative and caring
Decrease procedures and bureaucracy to ensure a better customer experience and ensure important projects can be implemented. Critically evaluate when initiatives are delivering a best customer experience or if they are only done to be promoted inside our organization. Step up the level of expertise of distinct roles: benchmark with the market the job descriptions to increase our competitiveness (eg. Ensure medical advisor roles are performed by specialty physicians in the disease area, are commercial team able to effectively handle objections and be scientifically respected by phsycians?)
Ensure there is adequate linkage between strategic projects. Recognise and reward colleagues who deliver their core work - every day heros.
Working together and proper decision making
Go Digital in as many aspects of the business that we can - so much is manual effort
Progression in our department is key to keeping people, but new employees are onboarded at AD level and the current team are not aware of thepositions and the roles are not advertised.
Keep investing in Oncology, keep educating MDs  from key markets regarding data and analitycs, oncology and other core capabilities. needed for our present qnd future.
take care of bottom-up process
Increase diversity of products and to find new business opportunities
Less meetings, faster strategic decisions, right first time decisions to save on time, capital and being first in the market.
Show clear career path and bright future
continue to drive inefficiencies out of the business Ensure everyone is working on mission vital projects
Be more effective by leaning processes
We are very ambitious and innovative and that's great ! But in many fields we don't have the ressources (mainly human ressources but not only) to be on line with our objectives. This is our burning issue !
This is a great place to work!!
Training the management team as a firm/reliable manager (a person of principle). A person who doesn't have determination nor foresight is inappropriate as a manager, who should be regularly identified by company.
focus again on Lean and efficient processes that really add value instead of giving free reign to groups like QSIP that just change and over engineer proven processes for the sake of changing them. assign people that have actual proven know how and experience instead of bringing in highly paid consultants who know nothing and just cost time
Merck should evaluate the high volume of work left over employees who continue working when they continue to eliminate positions by restructuring or spin off. Because the work must continue to be done and it falls on the few employees that remain. More work, fewer people.
Train leaders. Accept differences among people. Let people come to work as the persons they are. Analyzes of what could improve employees workday. There may be small improvements that could mean a lot.
Workload for balance work and life.
Be more aggressive on the pipeline development.
Please look out for those people who are far away from home right now.  For those on assignment around the globe and on visas we face more restrictions than ever before and have been away from friends and family for a long time. When was the last time that you asked them if they were ok?
Empower employees to act, value appropriately the level of know-how of the employees, support the employees during the pandemic state, better assist employees that need access to healthcare
Ensure workload is accompanied with resources whenever possible. Prioritization has to be supported from the management level when the workload exceeds capacity - and also clearly communicated to the management counterparts. Taking the time to address concerns, admitting potential caveats, treating employees with respect and being open, honest and transparent ensures much higher motivation, collaboration and support in any change than is in front of us.
Be more mindful and conscious of the workload given to employees...it's not sustainable from the employee's end; may just result to frequent turnovers..
We need clearer focus, post Organon spin. Are we just Oncology & Vaccines & anti-infectives ? Cough doesn't seem to fit in. We have exited metabolic disease so why NASH ? The interface between social business integration and the business is muddled. I think we need to choose 2-3 things to do....and do them VERY well.
We need more brands to introduce in today’s market.
I think that the company is doing great at making this place a great place to work, at least compared to my former job, it's an overnight change. It supports their employees, giving them confidence to innovate, providing benefits (tangible and intangible), supporting diversity etc. Maybe some of the tools I'm working on are a bit "old" for such a big company but I'm seeing efforts to change that as well.
Actually respect global and regional diversity, rather than continue to lip speak that this is part of the company's agenda. Recognize individual talent and contribution, despite it coming from people who are NOT White, American ales, located in the USA.
Continues communication of all important decisions and actions from HQ and regional LT
MSD should work on hiring team players rather than smart and experienced individuals that have trouble to work in teams.
Respect all employees and ensure the employees are remunerated and rewarded fairly.
As per previous : Breaking Silos by cooperating instead of internal competion.
Let people try new things and ways of working even for the cost of failure
To take care of all divisions and the same way--supporting functions are bellow business at the moment
Flexibility - allowing people freedom to work how they'd like to. e.g. office/home. Also, ensuring MSD keeps up with other pharma companies in terms of benefits & ways of working.
Stop thinking is silos but have metrics that reward functions/leaders by optimising the holistic company not just their personal or function goals.
Actually actively reduce workload, not just promise and say it's important but actually do it. Management keeps stating that our wellbeing is important and that they see we are overworked but nothing is actually done about it except pile on more work.
to be able to handle the situation where you ask employees to be innovative and challenge the way things are done and then you stop most their initiatives with long and tedious processes and approvals
Develop a long term vision with respect to MSD AH role in bio industry, which I believe is a non sustainable industry
I sometimes get the feeling that leaders feel the need to protect their positions rather than work together harmoniously and allow others to shine without feeling threatened. I would like to see items being presented that are not already fully polished. We should spend time discussing how new projects & initiatives fit into our aligned goals, and be more open to new ideas rather than spending time polishing presentations for each other locally and the fear of having ideas shot down if not presented the right way or positioned politically within the organization. We can redirect this effort into adding value to our customers.
Continue promoting a diversity and collaborative culture, teamwork and cross-functional vision Focus resources on the priority areas of the company  Use data&analytics to drive our business Strengthen market access&policy capabilities
Coaching of new employees in Career pathways in the company.
It would be great on some of the larger projects if a more holistic view of the company was taken into account prior to going forward on a project.  It takes a lot more effort to try to make-shift items than it does to spend more time blueprinting to head in a more accurate direction.  Sometimes blinders/templates cause listening filters and items to be overlooked.
Flexibility is the key - also in the post-covid world
I am in a new area where it is very professional and I am very happy. This is unlike the previous area I worked which was linked to API/OSD manufacturing. Managers in the previous ADC work were seriously lacking professionalism and the skills of good management such as authenticity, emotional intelligence and gratitude.
Continue to respect the most valuable asset the company has - our staff! Continue to build a culture where it is safe to speak up and where no is not seen as a negative word, but rather a productive word.  There is much going on in the world and it is important that the business understands this and considers the priority of global roll outs.
- resourced properly (not keep the department under-resourced for months hoping it will be fine) - listen to feedback after introducing new change even when it's challenging (if not working should be changed/ adjusted or back to previous state rather than leaving people to live with it) - admitting that there is issues and not just ignoring the feedback - people's development (blocking people to go to different department / higher position by their managers; hiring people externally with irrelevant experience to do the job rather than promoting right people who are already doing the job; leaving people to do the same type of work for months because they need extra training to do something different)
Increasingly in recent years MSD's approcah seems to be more quantity based as opposed to quality based. This in turn leads to a very stressful environment in trying to test and subsequently release batches at the last minute. The addition of new processes such as GLIMS, LabX, etc have also (for now at least) slowed processes as analysts have to become familiar with such systems that are more compliant, but slower to perform. This does not seem to have been accounted for in trying to maintain current testing levels. As such a large amount of work is still required to perform which can only be completed on time if completed whilst at home or staying late. MSD need to understand that despite the Covid epidemic, people still have personal lives outside of work.
Simplify lengthy processes - like the forecasting periods
Instead of talking about the changes actually make them happen. We have nice strategies but the execution of them is lacking expertise within the company. The way how people are being hired and how the talent is retained within the company are the area where we are lacking behind the competitors on the market (based on Prague experience). People are leaving because they are being told in MSD that the promotions or salary increase to match the market offers is not possible. At the same time we see how hiring of new people (getting new headcount) is close to impossible and therefore we are forced to hire external resources if we want to deliver. These additional costs are somehow in contradiction with no possibilities of salary increase and very hard process behind hiring new people. To end on the positive side - I think the management in Prague is great and they are trying to the best for their employees and care a lot about them.
Adopt a "leaner" structure and ways of working
Ensure that the message that is passed in terms of People coming first then align with the actions the company takes/ Be as transparent as possible on the reasons decisions are made and share as much rational as it can be shared/ Focus in what is critical and do not prioritize nice to have/ ensure the key stakeholder are consulted before key process/ systems are implemented and/or changed
Roles in all sites should have the same responsibilities and be in the same salary band. There are some roles/positions that perform similar activities but are not classified in the same salary band, depending on site location. It is not fair that people performing similar jobs are in different salary bands.
Would be good to hear the plan going forward for blended working ie some time working on site and some time working from home. I am eager going forward to keep some time working from home during the working week.
Receive current and accurate updates on how our business is doing from our leadership, not just during QTR calls with our CEO
Continue to focus on our people, and as we need to find expense efficiency to meet our long term financial goals, ensure that we are not asking too much from employees in their roles and we are realistic about workloads.
The workload at the site is not manageable by our current staff. Staff are put under huge pressure to deliver to unrealistic timelines. This has led to multiple people going on stress leave, leaving the company to be unemployed or going back to their previous job. This in turn makes it worse for those who are still at the company. There is a negative culture here and I find it difficult to not let work stress affect my personal life.
Show strong leadership in truly inclusive and ethical behavior, truly listen/hear what is on people's mind and be honest about what is going to be done or cannot be done, start defining clear responsibilities and hold accountable and last but not least stop the US centric behavior that excludes other regions from decision making, perceived as second class employees
I feel the company has been fully supportive to employees even in the current global pandemic. I feel very lucky to work for such a great company. The leadership has been outstanding throughout the past year.
Accelerate a smooth adoption of agile mindsets for employees at different levels and provide stretch assignments to grassroots amplification not only senior managers.
We need to feel sure that its safe to speak up .. its always taken as negative attitude so we prefer to keep silent and just say great job 👏🏻
Remove more silo's, at senior levels particularly, leader casts a large shadow.  Improve partnerships between groups, getting the right people at the start can eliminate a lot of issue at later stages.
Greater supports for families e.g. parental leave similar to other MNCs.  Become a leader in adapting to the new working environment brought about by COVID. Ensure working remotely is not viewed negatively by management and also provide innovative ideas for employees to succeed whether working remotely, on site or both.
We need to actually, proactively, concretely implement the things we say we do. There is a lot being spoken about work-life balance, taking time off to take care of ourselves etc., but the demand is constantly high and we are not really coping with it. I am working at a level of stress that is beyond concerning, and yet nothing is actually done despite all the positive speech. We need to do as we say, and not just say it so that it sounds good. We need concrete actions to handle the stress levels of our employees. I cannot remember when was the last time that I managed to work just my regular hours, without extra hours being added. I do an average of 42 extra hours per month, which are obviously not compensated but most importantly, never recovered. WE NEED TO SLOW DOWN for the sake of a better quality of life.
Give an opportunity those forgien indian talants even had an qualification and experience especially in API-IPT 50 Tuas west drive singapore site. no opportunity was given for there career development.
Based on country local policy need change accordingly. Launch the new products to the market for strengthen the business portfolio. Provide proper trainings to Manager and avoid politics to get promote to next level. Please increase the transparent and ethical culture.
Continue and following up on the changes and opportunities the ways of working present. Enabling the talents of our teams and team members and building and relying on their knowledge and experience provides a great opportunity to organically grow the business and to improve our processes and the company. My personal vision is a company where leadership can focus and spend their time on growing the business and not on fixing issues, since our workforce and processes are designed and built to deliver highest quality and everyone knows how to fix a broken process through standard work.
1) Improve the talent management in terms if assignment/ global and regional exposure specifically  to the low volume countries and compensations.
I do like that MSD support strongly D&I. At the same time I think we can go even better to the high level of it - please refer to other company in Prague / Czech - i.e IBM or Vodafone
Continue the science based research into remedies
Having Global Support Functions truly supportive to Operations
Continue and maybe expand employees opportunities to cross train across sites in order to break down current barriers that exist.
Start to think and ACT about personal capacities
Following through on the New Way of Working model
The layoffs of support staff (Communications, Operations, Promotions) without a plan for where that work goes, has caused churn and dissatisfaction. There needs to be a clear plan and operational considerations before these roles are cut.
Compensate and reward employees fairly for work well done.
Becomes much more agile, flexible. Today I find MSD like a huge shift that need a lot of time to change direction. Also there are so many procedures that sometimes people forget about the common sense. People should be helped to think more out of the box and take also actions which are impacting company profit, even if it is slightly outside their responsability.
Find a solution for the huge salaries issue that we have for MSD experienced employees who originally were fresh graduates when the joined MSD as they almost get paid now the same as fresh graduates. Every yearly salary increase only gets us to the minimum salary that we should be paid within our job level salary bracket.  Exceptional salary adjustment should be made for those experienced ones in order not to get paid the same as fresh graduates new hires !
Recruit more people to reduce the workload
Integrate new technology into ALL areas of work that will remove redundancy and non-value added activities.  Streamline processes using common sense while not creating a compliance nightmare.
Fill vacancies much much quicker
- Remove all current restrictions, at most to make them optional - Bring normal life back to company, to our offices, that we can work together more effectively on a personal level, not just virtual. The current virtual efficiency of the home office is less than 60%, not to mention the negative impact on the psyche. - Show other companies and be a great example of how it works without restrictions and live normally, without spreading fear - We are adults, responsible for ourselves and our health, highly intelligent people, so leave the decision to us, do not command, do not prohibit us, we are not children or self-righteous. If you follow these few points, you can trust that our company will soon be at the forefront of the world's companies that move the world, respect human rights, with responsibility for the future, for our children, families, friends, for the economy.. ..the way is more important than the goal..
Focus on develop innovative medicines as top priority. Balance the profit of using digital technologies with the cost of sustainment of that digital technology (assuming quick turn around in system updates)
To define local processes and to build a stronger team cooperation
Please take some training and counseling for Managers how to make colleagues feel free to work life balance
I feel like at the beginning of the pandemic, managers/leaders understood the strain the pandemic and lack of in-person schooling was taking on working mothers. This consideration has since left and I am feeling a great burden trying to balance an inordinate amount of work while the kids are doing only half days in school. I feel I am burning out and incredibly insecure about whether people understand why.
We've all been stuck at home, without travel, for over a year. Using our private resources for work. Not once has the company provided any financial compensation for this. Even just some flowers, or a book voucher, or a bottle of wine - this would be most appreciated. Many other companies have done this. MSD, while financially very successful, not. Just disappointing.
Simplify! Processes are extremely complex. Besides executing their compartementalized tasks, people need to keep an eye on the big picture - why am I doing this? what is the purpose and the final outcome to be achieved? Digital technologies can bring improvement but can also lead to exactly opposite result - adding up complexity, increased workload and slow-downs.
I feel proud when I got opportunity to work in MSD/Merck but i feel somewhat demoralized when i found that most of the people hired from a particular company, given most priority than other people for LT roles and which is not the Merck ethics and secondly most of the people hired in Sr Scientist roles in same grade so it would be a challenge to provide growth for everyone, now they are introducing Scientist/Sr Scientist 1 &2 specific to the team here which would again hinder the path of many.  I feel that there should be one policy in one region.
When brining concerns to management, I don't feel heard. I wish managers would take my concerns into consideration.
Should reduce the bureaucracy in the working processes
Continued focus on diversity and inclusion with tangible resources/ projects in each department to show this happening.   Challenging the status quo as often as necessary and encouraging this across the organisation.
I think Merck does an excellent job at keeping pace with an ever challenging environment and should keep the appropriate people in the know and on task.
Consider more flexible work options - such as 4 day work week or "Summer Friday" year round which really gives the employee a few hours at the end of the week to run errands, catch up on things, etc.  Also consider allowing employees to work remote 100%.
Continuously make the Ways of Working pilar through the company. It is a strong concept that we must have in our mind support by the company principles.
offer safety enviroment and can speak up.
Inspire and recognize employee's accomplishments more
stop making so many changes so often. Some of the processes/people working them do not have the freedom (?) to work outside the box, the process is more important than the options.
As we pivot to return to work on sites in many countries for all categories of employees later this year we need to keep the great ways of working we developed during forced work from home  and allow flexibility for people to work from home part of week but also be facilitated to work from site.  The options should not just be work from home or work on site, a blended option may be best approach and could be very productive.  Excluding people from sites and making personnel who work from home invisible in the organization could be a step backwards.  In interests of breaking down barriers perhaps everyone should get a desk and offices are not for one occupant but instead become collaboration spaces.
Keep D&I plan; Clear objectives of digital transformation with investments in the people; work balance.
Balance workload with people resources.
Merck should invest in training or hiring good managers and take care of work-life balance of employees. Not every department at Merck/MSD has this balance.
Stay out of politics
give clear visibility on North Africa Cluster future and strategic vision
Focus in Union employees to have them with the same level of engagement than salaried employees.
Keep making great medicines.
Focus on retention of the employees. Focus on manager development and retention.
continue what they are doing and work on the areas that  have issues.  Merck has come a long way from what it used to be, but it still needs to continue growing.
I've worked for a very large Pharma company in the area and by far Merck has a way better culture then my former company.  I was employed at my former company for more than 13 years and I've seen the decline of culture and the morale was awful.   But I am a team player and stuck it out until I was laid off.      Now I'm at Merck and I feel like I've wasted years at the wrong company.  Glad to be a part of Merck team..
Continue to promote flexible working and encouraging diversity and inclusion
Please listen and be mindful to the sales force when information from the field is shared.
Keep the employees informed of what's going on the workplace Individual & Teams recognition Assessment of wage scales to keep us competitive on the markets
Increase speed and reduce complexity.
Company's pledge to hire black scientists alienates other under-represented minorities in science. It also gives the impression of reinforcing the stereotype of AAPI community as token minorities where they are taken for granted and their struggles are dismissed, even though AAPI has a large presence in the Merck/MSD community. The company's specific pledge has the danger of turning Merck's D&I initiative into a black and white issue. I highly support the initiative, however, there needs to be equally public, and strong support from the company for other minority groups.
Ensure mechanisms for work prioritization that focuses on critical activities and deprioritize activities with lesser value.
To ensure there are enough working resources to perform day-to-day activities
We need to continue the path that we are on. I am happy with where I work and the people that I work with.
1] Focus on people development (not just for the usual few, but at all levels); 2] Continue to work on breaking down the silos (still a long way to go
be more public about our efforts in the fight against COVID: we don't have vaccine candidates, but we are partnering with the companies that to to ensure the vaccine gets out to the world
Consider letting people work remotely and have more flexible schedules moving forward. My life has GREATLY improved being able to be home during this time - work/life/balance is so much better. I would consider looking for another job which is full time remote if we are asked to go back into the office full time once the pandemic is over.
It is already a great place to work.  Specifically, the admins are exceptional and team oriented.
More meritocracy More serenity More listening Less stress
I've been seeing a lot of new digital platforms and apps come into the group but I think there's a need to re-evaluate the value being added by asking for duplicate updates across multiple different platforms. It seems that new applications, like meetings, are often being added without taking anything away to free capacity to focus on the new.
SIMPLIFY processes - we are slowed down in many projects because of heavy compliance processes - understand the need, but sometimes it's counterproductive and demotivating
Life/work balance. We are provided with material (for example UR OK?, Live it), but in practice we are still expected to complete everything on time.
OPen mindeness to different ways of thinking; freedom to take risks without consequences; lose the egos and sense of entitlement that many upper level managers in this company have -they are right and everyone else is wrong; huge issue at Merck
Develop new drugs. Ditch failing projects early. Review incentives for middle management, if their career success is chained to failing projects randomly assigned, Zombie projects will not die but will suck up resources better invested in 'new shots on goal'.
i have to say Merck is among the most inclusive companies i have worked at.  Patients in developing world have limited access to cutting edge treatments and i do not see anything that i have come across or that i am aware of -- in terms of Merck valuing lives of poor people who cannot afford latest medicines living in low income countries -- it would be good to see some of that change. i saw my aunt pass away from cancer and it just changed my view on "world's no. 1 oncology drug" and that patients half the world either didn't have access to the drug or could not afford it and it hit home a reality that i cannot shake off.  Thank you for the opportunity for providing this feedback.
Encourage people to have or be a mentor early in their career.
More easily enable digital experiments to rapidly test hypothesis.  Make data more readily available.
If Merck truly values diversity then allowing employees to work from home, without relocating to the most expensive areas of the U.S., would promote inclusion of a more diverse work force.
Better alignment of leadership priorities to individual contributor activities. There is a large amount of wasted resources due to misaligned objectives and continued silos across teams. Additionally more guidance / insight into the future work environment.  There still isn't a clear vision for what an idealized post pandemic Merck workplace looks like and how it is constructed to support the varying needs of its employees.
The company needs to continue to find ways to streamline the work we do and the processes to do them. There is still way to much process and red tape. We get in our own way!
how to solve for current burn out / over working of employees? granted some of this is due to Organon spin, but we're losing headcount and may continue to lose headcount with additional Fortify projects and the work is not or is not proportionally reducing. we say we're concerned, but not a lot is being done.
The majority of people I work with are in meetings from 7am till after 5pm, then working after that to catch up on emails and assignments.  We are not resourced properly for the amount of work we are expecting of employees and we don't prioritize very effectively.
investment in more sustainable products for the planet. Avoid using environmentally toxic APIs such as fipronil
Stay focused on our mission.
The site I work at is a legacy S-P site with many old buildings and new temporary accommodation.  The air quality can be poor in many areas. I feel that despite People being our most important asset, it is not eveident when it comes to spending money on new facilities.  the focus appears to be on creating space for  people, but not quality space.
Increase Salary.
Focus on inventing novel products that eliminate the burden of disease and work to get them to the people.  I'm not sure of the value of contributing/commenting on broad political issues.
Trust ,believe and support to the ground level employees.
Provide more opportunities for career advancement at the mid-management levels.  In Finance, it takes many years of experience at one level before being considered for a promotion.
Merck is an awesome place to work but during these most difficult and challenging times when colleagues are working to meet all their priorities, managing their children being home-schooled and taking care of elderly parents, I believe Management should differentiate between the "must" have deliverables and "nice" to have deliverables.
Hire more talents to divide and conquer tasks so employees can keep better work-life balance.
With COVID people are looking for virtual meetings and this is resulting in no breaks during the day between meetings as all meetings are virtual. Knock on impact is break during the day or time to complete standard working resulting in longer hours late nights and sometimes this impacts on work life balance, free time from work, lunch breaks or time to de-stress and exercise. This is also increasing stress level. Lots of focus on looking for saving and no communication on impact of jobs and job security.
Expansion and investing
stop paying our great employees at the 50 percentile to the comps.  If  we are valued we should be compensated accordingly.
I think we are doing a great job on working actively to deliver on our mission. We have a great are of improvement on work-life balance of our collaborators. There is still some disrespect on deadlines imposed and workload that has a huge impact on our quality of life and that of those that live with us.
Better communication between Merck and MSD, specifically systems that both use (Atlas, Ariba, etc).
Roles still feel very siloed. At my current level I feel that I am not exposed to workflows, information, and expectations for the next level, so how am I to prepare for and strive to work at that next level?
I understand the goals and priorities within IT, but I feel that due to the many intricate dependencies, timelines are very aggressive and require 'cyber-response' levels of effort, at the expense of work/life balance. Seems that because we were able to band together for that common cause, that level of commitment is expected for every transformative initiative since.
Employees should all be treated equal and with respect.  No matter whether they are union or non-union.  At times, I feel isolated due to my work status as a union employee.  I'm not given the respect and consideration like non- union employees.
There should be better coordination for high impact changes (such as new systems/overhaul of business processes) so that individuals are not overwhelmed with trying to learn multiple new items at the same time while still trying to progress the business.
Minimizing system processes for more efficient working/workflows
Higher flexibility and adaptability in our internal processes. We need more individual accountability and empowerment at the middle management levels. Also, bigger external and customer focus, we're too internally driven
Our department continues to get leaner with difficulty getting approval to replace individuals that retire or transfer departments. We used to be able to proactively hire for attrition which allowed us to transfer knowledge and provide thorough training. The workload continues to increase and when you are trying to hire and train when you are already taxed, errors and deviations can increase. Also, the end-of-year rating system needs to be re-evaluated. A lot of effort is put in by management to only have very limited ability to actually differentiate based on performance. The majority of individuals get lumped together as "successful".
Review and remove the barriers in our SOP's that prevent us from innovation, whilst we have to be compliant, we are restricting and continue to have a "no" because our interpretation is constraining. Other companies create opportunities whilst remaining within code.
De-politicize leadership and focus on the business
Reorganize discovery chemistry. Bring in management with a track record that care and have confidence that they can get the job done.
Set clear guidelines across company on working hours. Avoid 630am meetings, evening meetings, and lunchtime 12-1 meetings.
I think having a hybrid work situation would really well received.  Having option to WFH and office every week going forward after the Pandemic subsides.
There is no point in adding comments as nothing changes.
Continuing to invest in basic R&D, both internally and externally.  Diversify our portfolio to meet the challenges of Keytruda patent expiration.
More focus on the selection of middle managers and fight against nepotism. More emphasis on leadership behaviors and having the right values.
Needs to motivate people, specially the ones that has many years in the company. Not only focus on new talents, also focus on the people that has trust in the company for many years.
Need to be more decisive and make decisions at the right level quicker.
Continue to assess the challenges presented by the pandemic such as the restrictions the RAT places on representatives and the impact on our ability to meet our sales objectives based on these restrictions.
Hire more African Americans as coaches in the NASU Lab.  Hire more period.  And when they are hired don't dump all of the responsibilities on them.
continuous  support to the employees specially during such circumstances to keep them safe, support innovation new ways for customer engagement
Make concrete plans around work life balance not leaving it up to the discretion of managers, there needs to be tangible direction. There needs to be substantive changes that works towards an equitable workplace- not more D&I trainings but actual tangible efforts towards equity.
Focus on our core mission and not distract employees from our core purpose of saving and improving lives through our therapeutics and vaccines.
treat employees fairly:  - reward fairly, based on performance - promote fairly, based on performance not nepotism and connections
Regain its identity and have a clear vision that it is not driven by personal aspirations. Have a clear and transparent development path/program for all employees.
Get MRL people back on site after covid, management included
I believe Merck does a great job on making this a great place to work.  I’ve been at Merck for almost 22 years, and I can honestly say that I love working here.
Keep up the good work with the communications of various activities and goings on across the company Worldwide!
I feel like Merck needs to look at remote work as a norm once we are through the COVID-19 pandemic. Work Life balance is much better being at home and not driving 1+ hours each way to work each day. In addition, many companies are now offering 100% remote work. Those types of company positions are very attractive to some including myself.
Transparency, Listen to opinions  of all, Treat everyone equally, Don't promote personal gains in scheduling,
Its a perfect Place to work in   May be. To take into  consideration the financial situation of the countries to support the employees financially through salary increase
More clarity in process documents and job aids
1-Job security  2-Work resources  3-employees  Development,Motivations
Putting customers first. Flexible working- ie 3/4 day weeks
We need more flexibility in our schedules and work time.  "Summer hours" should take place all year.  Meeting hours should be limited (i.e. 10am-3pm) and actually respected (because no one is following the "meeting-free Friday afternoons").  Obviously some flexibility has to be allowed to accommodate time zones, but that should be the exception and the example should be set by Sr Leadership.
Promote the most qualified instead of the most connected
The lack of opportunity for career advancement has sent droves of highly talented workers to competing companies.  This troubling trend should be a cause for conern.
Long term incentives (stock incentive programs) do not exist for people who are below a certain band.  The stock incentive program historically had been more widely distributed but now seems to be for people in the upper most bands.  Why are we not incentivizing a larger number of staff?
Merck should continue to offer flexible work arrangements once the pandemic is over. Work/Life balance is so important for people to bring their healthy selves to work and be able to perform their job effectively.
Continue to lead the world in the development of vaccines and medicines for the world.
Appropriately determine required staffing in view of upcoming big projects (like Phoenix). Think that many colleagues have been too stretched for a long period.
Currently, is a great place to work!
Keep the mission visible and highlight observable actions in alignment with our mission. Hold employees accountable for deliverables through implementation including those in above-site/corporate roles.
Put the resources in to make systems (particularly change control) easier to execute.  There is a lot of waste in this space since there isn't clear guidance and grey areas are defaulted to conservative.  Merck should create tracks of training for existing employees that lead to higher or different positions based on interest or ability/skill.
For the past couple of years there were a lot of changes impacting the company org chart at all levels. These frequent changes are adding stress and distracting employees from delivering on their objectives. I believe more stability in the org chart will allow people to better focus on delivering the company mission.
Stay apolitical except where pharma industry is impacted.  You risk alienating half of your workforce if you don't.  Focus on medicines to help save people's lives.
Remove barrier to innovative thinking with top down socialization and buy in vs convincing bottom up
MSD offers great opportunities of workshops, training, etc. However, working in finance there is usually no time to follow these because of too many conflicting meetings and the amount of workload.
From my perspective Merck needs to drastically rethink how it communicates and values its employees. I have seen a number of people leave the group over the last year. This is damaging to morale, it is indicative of an underlying issue, and does not make this a "stable" place to work. Management has a brazen approach of everyone is expendable and their is little to no loyalty and investment in people. However, the expectation of commitment and going above and beyond is expected of each employee.
People in my area were overloaded even before Organon spin off and now it is much worse and there is no light at the end of the tunnel which will solve that problem.
Stay out of politics and focus on our mission.  Our mission to develop medicines.  Diversity includes all walks not only certain ones.
improves skills and background knowledge to all team members in order to let everyone grow indiscriminately
Demand that management support a psychologically safe workplace and prohibit the promotion/advancement of those that do not engender and support a psychologically safe workplace. Intellect alone is worth very little without communication and collaboration.
Continue to employ a flexible working environment.  I know the company announced a new work from anywhere policy but there is a tremendous amount of stress I feel with the thought of having to go back into an office.    I think the company could employ some best practices for working (knowing a mix of remote/in office will be here by year's end) such as No meeting Fridays, asking employees to focus in on core working hours for meetings (between 9-4, etc), thinking through the purpose of meetings to ensure a purpose and outcome with next steps.  The company should continue to Inspire employees and encourage that behavior.  The company should continue it's D&I initiatives
Add more resources for support staff for technical areas.
Need to continue to focus on inclusive behaviors and creating an environment where it is safe to speak up.  Listen and not ignore or dismiss employees concerns when raised at meetings.
To allow employees to continue to work remotely on a part time basis (if currently doing so) after everyone returns to work in person
Merck has been incredibly supportive throughout the pandemic for parents and all employees. I feel supported by my manager to have work-life balance and take the time I need for physical AND mental health. I am also extremely encouraged not only by our leadership speaking out against current issues like racial inequality and social injustice, but also the different forums GCTO is also creating to encourage these conversations to occur. A huge benefit of the year end shut down is that since everyone is off there is not the normal pile of email one would normally encounter from a vacation. That being said, I think a benefit that other companies offer that Merck could consider would be adding in the option for a sabbatical after so many years of service.
Our VP makes Merck a great place to work and deliver our mission !
Really enforce Diversity, Inclusion and Equality at work and be accountable with prejudices against employees due to gender, race, rank etc.
Continue the excellent benefits which allow flexibility and support during this challenging time (ex. childcare, healthcare, etc)
If working from home longer afford me a way to purchase a chair which is needed for my scoliosis, health.  I have purchased everything on my own. My team is able to purchase everything they need. Me being an admin cannot even buy a chair. Or if anything all  the excess chairs at the office could be utilized.
we are talkng about inclusion but at the end decisions are made not being included. Not enough listening to people who are experienced within the company. i feel many times we are  reinventing the wheel again. Creating events to discuss deja vu items target 2015 - expedition 2025 - .......
I think our company needs to stay out of politics and taking sides in political matters.  We are not a political company and what people do and who/what they support in their personal lives is their business alone.  By taking positions at the highest levels, our company risks alienating large swaths of its workforce and of the patients it serves.
Make sure the company has the best tools and best people. Promote best qualified, not just to fill a quota.
Keep providing opportunities for people to connect and learn from each other.  Help employees understand he impact they make to the organization.
I worry about retaliation for speaking up about inequities that have happened to me at Merck.  I still feel middle managers hire “like”  people.  I hope we can truly embrace diversity and inclusion at Merck at all levels.
Important to look at more opportunities to in-license products that would align with our portfolio for the mid and long term.
continue to listen and adapt
Introduce and encourage flexible (in-person and remote) working arrangement
Need to promote a better understanding of the overall business, and what is the future.  There is a perception that Merck is behind other companies on agility and technology.
We need to make it easier to get things done.  Still functions work in their own vacuum, not always willing to share, not always tied in to the big picture.  We must challenge the status quo.
Stay focused on the mission of bringing novel medications to patients with unmet medical needs, and resist the temptation to be culturally popular by using our clout for political expediency
Invest more in IT to become a best in class company to deal with big data and simplify analysis to be done more easily. That's on a global level. On a local level, I would appreciate initiatives to bring people with various backgrounds closer together, which I understand is hard during this pandemic situation.
Focus on making quality and innovative drugs and staying out of politics
Stop trying to push the politics of the day down on us everyday. It has created a divisive and scary work environment
Keep current databases. There are so many new databases or updates of databases that it´s very stressful to adapt (e.g. REDS : effective 12 April 2021 and RED ERs finalized 12 April 2021) in combination with MAH transfer to Organon and COVID pandemic situation.
The goals for our leadership becomes their targets, not team targets. Maybe is time to come back to the team members, this long social distancing didn't helped us much
Need to get more resources for the shop floor to complete the task.  currently it was short of men and all are over stressed by covid situation.
A better alignment between the different business units. One soultion in a particular unit can be great however can have a very inefficient and ineffective results at another unit (thinking in silo's) That could be improved
Even when managers are open to discussions there's a culture on hired people not to speak up. There's a gap in there. Mostly that may be caused by the homogeneity on hired people. Most employees were educated from childhood to move things in the background instead of open manage issues.
Streamline and simplify processes.
The changes in the project I support shift gears 4-5 times within the last several months due to the unprecedented global crisis. Merck is resilient and quickly adapts to the new circumstances and able to realign human and technical resources in a lightning speed. Kudos to the leaderships! Reassurances from site and divisional levels to retain resources are needed to reduce work force anxiety over potential job loss and financial hardship would be greatly appreciated.
Allow full time remote work for those who can. this will have both an impact on the environment and, for some, their well being both mental and physical.
Embrace hybrid workforce. Some aspects of our jobs are fully able to be done remotely, some need to be in person to foster creativity/collaboration/efficiency. Give the workforce more of an opportunity to own their time.
Continue to build a new culture around new Ways of Working.  There is still a lack of experimentation and usually challenges to current way of doing things are met with requests for some much analysis that one regrets challenging it in the first place.  It becomes easier to live with the status quo. It still feels like everyone "owns" everything and before changes can be made the change management required to avoid "surprises" is exhausting.
Continue moving forward with research and development to maintain top of the industry pipeline.
Develop the pipeline has enough candidates to insure success.
Strengthen information technology capabilities
Improve carreer path
Purposeful skip level meetings for both leadership and employees to gain greater insights. P5 and M3 split into 2 levels similar to R track (e.g. Director/Senior Director). Promotions are huge motivating factors and additional levels give a sense of an expanded career path.
Stop hiring based on back room "chosen" candidates.  Value all employees work history, experience and diversity.  New to company does not equal innovation.
We need to take what we have learned about new ways of working and imply them to our "new normal" situation. It is clear that people can work from home. The notion that nobody in operations works from home has been challenged. I think we need to moving forward allow people a work from home day or two work from home days and be flexible. Additionally we need to challenge our requirements. The M1 job for example has unreasonable requirements for people to have before applying. It is not an attractive job and we limit ourselves greatly but now allowing more flexibility for requirements. We need to truly look at what is need to have and nice to have when posting new jobs. Additionally we need to inclusive. I think it is time to bring back the 10 inclusive behavior training for people. We have gotten more competitive with our Potential leave, however we still have a long way to go if we want to compete with other pharmaceutical companies.
Focus on enabling physical and mental well-being of employees.
Provide incentives for teams, not individuals. Start embedding change, less pilots and more risk taking so we can be on par with our competitors
Adapt the world of digitalization according to the country's market
Closer observation of Managers who manage people is necessary to make sure that the people managers are practicing leadership that enhances and is aligned with MK philosophy; sometime the people managers are concerned with their own objectives and can diverge from best leadership practices.
More mentoring to bring talented African Americans, Hispanic Americans and Indigenous Americans into Merck in the future from Colleges internships programs .
Focus on diversity and inclusion
It is sometimes quite stressful to work at Merck, we are asked to do so much and it it difficult to have a good work life balance at times.  When you add the stress of isolation, things often seem unbearable.  In my department, we have kept up or picked up the pace of work over the last year, have been asked to do more with less resources, and it is quite challenging.
Continue supporting different ways of working and having  Town Halls every two months to keep employees up to date.
Other companies in the industry are will to embrace new technologies (ZOOM). Merck sits in the background and waits while others led. Merck is no longer a leader, this is unfortunate for what was once a great company. Once KEYTRUDA goes...this company's future is at risk, sadly.
As the work environment continues to change, I would like to see the company embrace the culture change necessary to fully support new ways of working - e.g. US remote work to ensure that this does not have negative impact on career advancement.
The company messages related to work life balance, self-care, etc. coming from the top tiers are quite clear.   This is certainly not the case with direct line management.  There is no empathic listening at this level.
really become a more innovative company. we are still too risk averse and perhaps we missed the 8 ball with the Covid Vaccines ?  Merck should have been a frontrunner in Covid vaccine development from the start- a big miss for us.
I already think Merck is a great place to work ....I don't think further steps are needed.  As long as people feel valued, included and supported, and that their work matters and is recognized, we will make it through this and deliver on our mission
Appreciation for the workers who are going in every day and who have for the last year. The message I am receiving is how the company sympathizes with the difficult time people are having working from home while I, a manufacturing worker, have come in every single day during the global pandemic to make the drugs that support all of these other positions. Then, the company bonus is only 80%? I don't think an increase in pay is going to make me feel more appreciated, but a specific pay cut makes me feel like the company is trying to pinch pennies when they should be trying to show that employees matter.
Although I have a terrific manager, I do not feel that upper management has enough of a pulse on what the lower levels are experiencing. I also cannot believe that all of the systems changes and the Organon spin off were not delayed due to Covid. I feel those who do get more and those who don't get less.    Too many of us are over worked and others don't bother to let management know that they are under utilized.  They simply do not care.
Merck should continue to foster transparency and the ethical way it operates. I also think the ability of hybrid working -in the field and at home should remain.
Use more common sense instead of "in" movements in the world :-)
Work actively to return to as much of the standard as possible.  While working remotely and addition of technology was a necessary interim step, I believe passionately that travel, face to face interactions are paramount for quality of work.
prioritization.  There are so many projects that are being worked on that's not linked to each other in the spirit of agile.  Agile means you start with a strong strategy and roadmap.  Then identify any gaps from what we have and need.  Taking a small piece of that as a MVP but still linked to the overarching strategy.  Right now, we focus on quantity rather than quality.  There should be balance.   In addition there is a disparity in salary and title between Global and US.  as well as in newly hired verses existing talents.
Speed up decision making across non-agile functions Have the right infrastructure in place (and access to the right tooling) to really enhance data-decision making
A vaccinated workforce would be fantastic.  I think if people know when they would get their vaccines it would help in all aspects of their life not just their worklife
Do not ignore employees feedback and act in time. + Do not put unqualified/rude/ people in people management roles.
Hi ,Thanks to my manager  I am currently working in a very safe and motivating environment  . despite the workload  I have all the support and the guidance needed to help me to be efficient and successful  . However this nice environment is sometime becoming toxic and challenging when we interact with the operations lead and one of her team member.
Consistency in the workforce by limiting layoffs.
Enable and support mobile working across different countries
Advancement of UEG employees careers must receive continued focus and acceleration through all levels of Merck
Improve compensation; look forward to innovative ways to keep young talent (4 day work-week, WFH, increased vacation days); find advancement pathways for early talent in MMD
Get people to totally disconnect from work while on PTO.  People feel that they have to check email while they are on PTO.  Even with coverage something always comes up at the last minute and you need to handle it while you are on PTO because no one would ever cover for you again if you left the last minute issue in their lap
No comment at this time.
Walk the Talk and be genuine rather than check the box.
Prioritize work more effectively (focus on the things that matter).  Reduce over-engineered and over complicated processes.
Continue to make great efforts to show that taking care of employees and patients is the most important goal.
Take notice of company performance before, during and after this period of remote working because of the pandemic. I am hopeful that Merck/MSD does not revert to "old-school" thinking of having people visible in seats as the route to a successful workplace. I believe I am more productive, better work-life balance, and engaged in my career with increased remote working.
Demonstrate they care about employees with some type of 1-time COVID bonus to recognize the sacrifices employees made to help patients and deliver results despite enormous external challenges, including personal strains created by COVID.
Improve the work/life balance which has seemingly deteriorated for most since we have been working from home due to COVID.  Commuting time is now being spent working, and despite devoting this additional 8 hours per week to my job, I still regularly find myself in front of my work computer on evenings and weekends.  Work meetings are now regularly scheduled during lunch time and also in the early mornings, and sometime evenings. I think the company has to better recognize that we still have our everyday lives to tend to, including taking care of children and elderly parents, and the pandemic has made our personal lives more challenging.
Continue to offer flexible workplace, i.e. allow us to continue working remotely and that not limit your career progression
Hire/promote people who really care about patients/business need rather than blindly follow directions.
Great organization and there are a number of resources available to help and grow employee talent.
treatment, development and resources vary based on immediate manager, Overall development opportunities are still focused by leadership on a select few and result in non inclusive leadership. Although leadership has started saying they are available for differing voices, years of negative impact on people who spoke out require a more strategic display of this desire through less senior leadership if it is to believed by independent contributors.
Continue to modernize by updating all our different systems and tools so that they are all in the same place or we update to one or two systems for everything instead of using 5 different systems all for different functions. continue to promote flexibility and work-life balance by reducing workload and allowing flexibility in working hours and working remotely, and increase compensation to be competitive with industry standards
Please continue to consider that for many parents, the WFH setting offers flexibility with childcare options and helps ease parenting/work stress.
more inspiring senior leaders be bold, take more risks, challenge procedures
Continue to stay Research focus and willing to take risk for unmet medical need and not affected by future financial projection.
allow for better resources for working from home
More structured approach to employee development. ADP & GMAP are great for a few, similarly structures development opportunities would be appreciated by the many.
CONTINUE to offer the flexibility they have over the course of this pandemic. Our ways of working have changed drastically and I think expectations should also (stay) adjusted as people transition 'out' of quarantine and restricted living. The benefits offered are tremendously great and appreciated. I also hope as the company pivots to save money, we remember that headcount reduction, especially in these times, is a scary thought.
Reward exceptional work with merit raises, long term company ownership stakes, extra bonus opportunities.
I'm an older employee and I strongly feel the value of older employees is not recognized. far too much emphasis on Engineering degrees at the expense of other degree fields and experience. I think Engineering degrees requirements are often used as a way of excluding older people. When an Engineering degree is required for a job that does not involve actual engineering skills, you have to wonder why.
Stay neutral on politics; leaders of the company shouldn't take one side over another.
Look at a person and their skills rather than their degree for advancement.  Too MD centric.
I think companies on the whole have become too political, politics should stay out of the workplace.  It creates an uncomfortable atmosphere.
embrace change as an opportunity for growth
Animal Health used to embrace the individual employee, recognizing that everyone brings something of value.  It has lost that attribute.  Now, there is only the rankings considered, not anything else.  Many times there are circumstances that put someone in the top as well as the bottom.
Let's take a look at how the company is structured.   Perhaps have an outside company come and do an audit.  Decisions should not be made about individual career growth, more about what is best for the company.   And there needs to be comfort in challenging decisions at all levels - not just top down.
HR should work on HR priorities : Motivation, Development plan for collaborators, equity, avoid discriminations …..
While I have limited interactions with MRL leaders, I have not seen any dynamic innovative leadership to drive the R&D programs into the next generation of science. It my be my inability to see deeply into the discovery side of MRL, but I see the COVID 19 vaccine programs as an example of how Merck got in the game late and with no actual energy to do something to make a difference., In the 2020 GMA summit, the VP of Clinical Development stated at that time that he didn't see COV2 as a target Merck needed to attack and he would let other companies do this "philanthropic" effort to address the pandemic and I believe this attitude led to the failures we have experienced. This to me is the real issue with Merck being able to deliver on what we say is the mission. If we can't address a global pandemic, then why be in this business at all?
I am a white male employee and hear so much about the challenges other groups are facing but, feel marginalized.  I feel that if I speak up about it, I will be perceived as being insensitive to others, racist, etc.  So, we talk about being safe to speak up, inclusive of all, etc.  But, we're not including me.  So, I think we've overswung on these areas.  It should be about work performance more than demographics.
Continue to provide opportunities for professional development, not just for new to role employee but also existing colleagues.
More and more is being asked of global marketing and the support teams that enable their work, yet the resource budgets and head count remain the same.  There is desire for new thinking and skill sets, but the work and support required to enable success of new person or skills is often not in place.
Keep engaging people (worker) to motivate and give appropriate path for their carrier goal to achieve based on developmental plan to move up ladder to keep doing more and learn new things.
Even though, we have a multitude of job opportunities available due to the Co In Co split.  Merck and MSD needs to have established knowledge transfers which can facilitate bringing new employees up to speed in a more efficient manner.
Flexibility between working from home & working in the office in instances where a role can be performed remotely
Allow the "younger" up-and-coming workers to take on bigger more visible projects  Do away with individuals on "preferred" lists for certain workers Provide better career pathing guidance
Address healthcare disparities and health equity by taking innovative actions (e.g, partnerships with external organizations that can affect change, collaborations with health systems, novel capabilities for Merck's account executives, etc.) that would demonstrate Merck truly wants to be THE leading company.  There's too much commentary without action.  If Merck doesn't act quickly, we will lose the opportunity which is sadly becoming what always happens.
stop thinking divisions all the time. this is getting so annoying on the ground and creates so many problems. i have the feeling the silos are even starting to  grow lately
Stop buying into "point of view" based decisions from upper management and take a bottom up approach. Stop with the programs and acronyms and make Merck feel more like a family again. We have become a heartless, data driven business without the understanding that data does not tell the whole story and data can be manipulated to tell the story chosen by the provider.
Focus on new products and not Politics.
Merck's on a good path. Just continue doing what we are and put emphasis on research to enrich our pipeline.
Diversification of pipeline so that we are not solely relying on Keytruda. Be quicker to act on novel therapies (eg. we were slow to act for COVID vaccines especially since we are seen as a major/key player in the vaccine space). We are still too risk adverse as a company
match salaries to other pharma companies
Find ways to improve the 'work culture' for those working remotely, such as creating more virtual engagements outside of scheduled meetings
Fair compensation based on market, recognition and promotion within current group/role rather than losing the individual to other groups to obtain the promotion/advancement
Continue to enforce the use of standards across Merck analyses and reporting deliverables.  This will save time from the start of documenting analysis plans through authoring of CSRs and other submission documents.  In addition, agency reviewers will see the same format to our submissions and become accustomed to that - resulting in fewer agency questions.    Plus everyone knows the standards and can be so much more efficient and have quality outputs!
Inclusion and cross-functional collaboration
Comprehensive, cohesive training - I will always suggest that a training session of "Putting it all together" type of training should be offered to new employees and maybe a yearly refresher for all employees.  There are SO many SOPs and systems it is hard to figure out how to put everything together and ensure you have a correct understanding of the process.  I would love to have had a training a few weeks into my time where I came in for a week or two and walked through my job role beginning to end to see how/when SOPs and systems came into play.  There is a pervasive mindset of team members feeling the need to cover/protect themselves from being wrong and future consequences.  This inhibits people from speaking up and providing ideas, suggestions, opinions on how we can accomplish a task.  I know Merck is trying to create an environment where people feel free to share ideas and take risks but the reality is that it isn't happening.
Currently the D&I initiative is focusing on Blacks and Browns.  To be a totally diverse company Merck should focus on EVERYONE and not a specific racial group!!  Opportunities should be EQUAL for ALL employees.
For all departments, provide resources (including manpower) to improve and streamline processes/information. Too much time is spent clarifying processes and trying to find information.
While Brinny have done a really great job of maximising the opportunities to build inclusion and positivity during the pandemic we appear to have been hampered by All Ireland company decision making which has us behind with our peer pharmaceutical companies.  1. The  4 weeks additional vacation carryover given when we were unable to travel beyond 5k for the majority of the carryover window was disappointing and something people spoke about, a little more flexibility there would have gone a long way to building good will. 2. A number of companies have utilised items like one off "wellbeing Allowances" and pandemic leave days (akin to company bank holidays) to recognise the efforts of their workforce and the amount of extra work people have put in over and beyond in difficult circumstances. 3. The decision to reign in the Inspire award levels is prudent from a business perspective it is coming at a really difficult time after a difficult year with a lot of uncertainty for the site.
Be "inclusive" of all... not just politically expedient groups of current media attention.  The current political commentary by the CEO alienates many employees... resulting in fear to speak up about beliefs or any discussion of differing opinions.  This is not just a feature of Merck, but it is definitely a suppression of voices and tends to contribute to concerns about how well the company supports its employees regardless of ethnicity or beliefs.  The CEO should be a Chief Cheerleader for the company's products and employees, not a cultural voice.  Customers are commenting on this behavior in a negative manner.
Promote inclusion, health, and culture at smaller sites.
Break down some of the firewalls between functional groups within Merck and recognize the talents and abilities of people outside ones functional area.
Re-evaluate the company's priorities
Continue to support employees like you have been doing, especially working mothers (or any employees with children).
Continue to hire and promote managers who value work-life balance.
Further invest in emerging markets to ensure poorer markets and patients get access to our medicines and for this shape the manufacturing strategy to further leverage partnerships and localization to make our products available.
Constant restructuring ,frequent changes in  focus and priorities of the organization leading to  insecurity in job  .It is very difficult to focus on the job at hand when there is no job security.MSD should focus on its strength of “evidence based selling “and “long term relationship based selling “rather than experimenting too much with cheaper manpower,in the process loosing precious human resource and the trust and loyalty painstakingly developed over years.I strongly feel that for a company like MSD ,it is better to build multi skilled ,loyal ,confident,  reassured sales force  who could be deployed in any  situation and division than to have a threatened set of servile people.
Provide opportunities to develop and motivate employees , many of those activities where removed due to budget constrains
It seems that the lay press/business press for Merck lately has been only about research programs that have been terminated--makes it seem that we don't have much in the pipeline. Can we do a better job at promoting our successes?
Consider adjusting the WFH policy to allow flexibility for FT WFH. We've been successfully working from home for the past year+ and I would appreciate the additional flexibility to WFH as much as I need to and come into the office only on an occasional, as needed basis.
Focus on the things that we all have in common and our mission to save and improve lives.  Senior leaders should avoid taking political positions that risk alienating stakeholders who don't share their personal views or political preferences.  Identity politics should not be used as a mechanism to move from equality for all people to equity demands to  enforce a resulting outcome based upon identity with benefits or punishments based upon membership in one category or another.
I think we have went away from face to face interactions due to the pandemic and need to look to have support areas on campus more to drive results. Thing may be delay because resources are not available at all time.
Sr managers should recognize the crucial value of Oncology Global market Access as this function is instrumental in all other Pharma Co in Oncology business!
Continue to provide a work life balance having the flexibility of working from home. I have found this to be tremendously successful as I am able to balance home life and work life more effectively and efficiently. I would like to see Merck continue to implement this in the future even when we do return to normal. It would be nice if the employees had a choice.
Clearer roles & responsibilities including deliverables; and not accepting that everybody works on what-ever they think is best at that moment - and as a result all working on different solutions for the same problem
- Radically think the talent management (how do  we get our people resource to really flourish, including introducing and measuring, how we hire based on potential) - Radically rethink the way we structure leadership exchanges, e.g. business reviews (build in the concept of active listening, challenging the status quo, experimenting, taking risks and learning being better than telling only the good news) - Invest more in ensuring the right leadership capabilities of our people managers / squad leads - Simplify the organization structure (in global scale) and ensure that all the markets feel they are some way valuable to the whole MSD - Bring smaller and bigger markets closer together to learn and gain from another (resources vs. ability act agile etc.) - Involve the future leaders earlier on in decision making and future planning
It is hard for me to find ways of improving the experience of working at MSD. The only thing I can think of is sometimes the Continuous Improvement policy results in a constant state of uncertainty with numerous new systems being deployed every two months. This impacts the state of well beign of the staff, who constantly feel they don't know how to solve routine tasks in the everchanging systems.
Give reps access to go and work where appropriate per manager discussion.  We need in person dinner programs back asap.  We need resources to help promote our products in a timely manner.  Last but not least, we need to understand how and why the percent of pay increased with Lenvima during the pandemic.  Lenvima is a detail sensitive product with limited places to use.  We need to be in front of our customers to ensure patients are started and maintain therapy.  Not sure why we were bumped to 50% comp on Lenvima and the goals are absolutely not attainable in my opinion.
One of the aspects of Merck culture that i have previously valued is that generally disagreements are worked out at the working team level and are aligned prior to each subsequent round of review with increasingly more senior leaders. However, i've recently come across one where the working team had a bit of a different view than the primary group of decision makers. In each subsequent round of reviews, more and more senior leaders are pushing a decision in the opposite direction (and further in that direction) than each previous round of review. This has meant the working team is creating slides to support this view when it is NOT their view. But there is a significant power imbalance and a lot of lack of feeling like any interjection can be made. This situation has definitely lowered my scores this year.  I love Merck, i love my managers, but senior leaders don't always accept feedback and don't often look for where there is disagreement, they want it all aligned before they see it.
Ensure that corporate initiatives (Workplace flex arrangements, Diversity & Inclusion, retaliation, etc.) are being followed at the Director level and below in GWES West Point
engage with the operators that make the process work
-Embrace technology.  -Remover barriers/roadblocks of segregated groups. We are one organization.
Compensation is not equitable to other Big Pharma companies!!  Merck employees ARE GROSSLY underpaid!   Losing too many colleagues to other companies paying much more.  Flexibility and working remotely is no longer a factor.
Merck and MSD should be more outspoken in favor of democracy and voting rights.  Here in the US our democracy is at risk, and the company needs to join with other companies in opposing politicians who are seeking to limit voting rights. Merck and MSD also need to continue to work with governments around the world to improve access to medicines and health care.  Merck and MSD should also be wary of using tax avoidance strategies - there are increasing demands for transparency in tax avoidance by corporations.
Modernize IT and ensure staff is well trained on how to use new tools to ensure we can work faster.
Senior management should refrain from voicing their personal political views.  Some of the town halls feel like a political endorsement.  I don't feel that is the proper place nor audience to express those opinions.
Stay out of politics. It is very disconcerting that Merck is leaning so far left, that those with traditional values feel disassociated. Merck is a great company but I feel ostracized at a corporate level. No one should be discriminated against, and diversity of thought is at least as important than demographic diversity.
Improve focus on realization after implementation of changes with resources staying in place through pre-agreed to period.  Ensure digital tools for tracking are part of any metrics. Focus more on means to make activities RFT than error reduction (think capital avoidance versus capital spend for correction) Understand if people are involved that errors will occur. I've seen company build and chase three products in a year and change course, all for naught. Those decisions certainly have greater impact to the company than a worker making single mistake or missing a step.  I find it unlikely that those that made those product/project "errors" are viewed the same as a worker mistake.  Eliminate use of MMD Pol 15 for a mistake that is clearly non malicious as a guide as its basis is already skewed to purposeful violation.  Learning should be the focus not punishment for "accountabilities' sake.
Managers should make more of an effort to think long-term for their subordinates' careers, even if that means looking at opportunities in other departments.
As resources are pulled to support J&J COVID vaccine effort, we need to ensure the areas that resources are pulled from have opportunity to back fill those resources easily.    Help remove licensing obstacles that prevent efficiency and cost reduction process improvements.
Seriously evaluate retaining current employees. Our department has seen a huge climb in attrition. The job market in biologics is extremely competitive and we are not paying enough to keep people. I've been here 32 years and, if I wasn't about 5 years from retirement, I'd be looking elsewhere as I can garner up to ~50% salary increase from what I am currently making here. I understand compensation is not just salary which is why I personally have stayed here so long. However when the salaries elsewhere are SO much higher, that argument of compensation being more than just salary becomes less meaningful.
I do not think we have done a good job moving from Silo's to networks.  This must be a top priority of WOW and might require structural changes in company.
I really think that there needs to be a way for manager to recalibrate employee compensation on a more regular basis. I along with other long-term employees have for years lamented the fact that it is far more advantageous to leave Merck and then return to negotiate a better compensation package than to remain with Merck. It is not a secret to any long-term employee that this is the best way to improve base salaries and almost all of the former employees that I know left because while they were looking for different opportunities, one of the top drivers was that they would see a substantial increase in pay. In fact, I am planning, after being with Merck for over 15 years, to leave within the next 3 years because my cost of living in NJ (near headquarters) is increasing far faster than my compensation. I love working for Merck. I feel my manager cares about my well-being and career. I sometimes think that Merck can be a little behind in launching new and popular employee benefits/ways of working that I see at
Since we've been working from home for more than a year now, I'm hoping that the company will continue to have an open mind when it comes to remote working.  I am hoping that this will come into play when those whose commute will double when we move to Rahway, will be allowed to work from home most of the work week.  Thanks for asking!
Continue to focus on those employees who have been here for an extended period of time to support their career development and opportunities. Not just for those recently hired
I feel that we are in a transition stage. We have new leadership and the discontinuation of some studies has generated some concerns/questions about our stability.  More communication from leadership would be helpful.  We must stop putting band-aids on systems/system issues-SIP.  This is a complete barrier to our ability to work and our sites willingness to partner with us.  In addition, our IT department could use some improving - the multiple communications it takes to resolve any issue is just getting absurd.  While this is a super small thing, the removal of GIFs was shocking - I feel there could have been an update to the settings to strict. We are living at work and have been for well over a year.   The "no Friday afternoon meetings" initiative has been refreshing.  I would love to see this promoted to continue.  I'm hoping that Summer Hours are also coming back this year.  We never walk away - not a lot of actual vacations are happening due to the pandemic.
No comments. I am so happy to be part of MSD, I am really proud on the company!
keep flexibility in working even when sites reopen and even for people managers
Patient centered science based approach combined with collective timely divisional work with fast and apt decisions leads to success. Now data with standards will put us at apex all the time.
Begin thinking about the world 10+ years from now and beyond the historical framework of a big pharma company. Start working towards that future.  Be bold.  Lead in the industry into the future. Create a safe space for the best ideas to bubble forth and rally around them.
1.)Support Coaches when they ask for information or items (I'm getting ignored frequently). 2.) Have ONE repository for documentation at Wilson. Right now, I have 4 places where docs are stored and struggle to find what I need. SFRS is not user-friendly. 3.) Encourage team-building events, especially when exhibiting a high degree of flexibility right now.
Continue to incorporate diversity and inclusion in all that we do here at Merck. Maintain transparency.
assess workload by countries (Animal Health) remove IT bottlenecks make sure to involve employees from different regions (not only most developed) and departments when implementing new systems and processess (eg. Wordpress VIP was supposed to be a game changer, but it lack so many very basic funtionalities, it is almost impossible to work with it efficiently; so someone assessed probably only the IT side of the transfer)
Continue to empower decision making at the right level. Improve diversity representation (especially for our customer facing organizations) across all levels. Merck should consider offering Sabbatical to encourage employees to learn new things, decompress, prioritize family over work for some time.
offer more stock options to a wider pool of employees
Consolidate strategies and metrics to validate the real implementation and adoptions of WoW
We need to continue fostering an environment of continuous improvement; study the examples of other companies (not only pharma or bio); we still need to improve our processes to be compliant but more efficient, reduce bureocracy; focusing on what needs to be done and the how.  And still we also need to improve in prioritizing; setting priorities at the beginning of the year is great but in reality we continue to add tasks throughout the year:  we are a business and we need to be able to cope with this everchanging environment but we need to be very effective reevaluating all priorities when new projects are added; what can be done to achieve the deliverables, do we need to de-prioritize a project, etc......
Remain competitive and inclusive. Keep investing in R&D and focus on unmet medical needs
Take work pressure serious and take steps to reduce it.
Communicate plans and progress more openly with employees (e.g. it seems like we get most of the information about the company from the news, rather than internally).
I do not feel safe speaking out in my department.  It is a strictly do what you're told, how you're told environment
Continue to break down silos- particularly with the enterprise organizations like the Privacy Office, Procurement, etc.
establish ways to set itself apart from companies in the same industry to enable a higher level of hiring external candidates in areas with strong job markets / competition
Make employees feel more valued.  Go a little above and beyond to make us feel more appreciated.
Improve communications.  Over the last few years the level of communications has really declined.
You are doing a great job!
i feel like there needs to be more levels of promotion. We are missing the steps between senior spec and AD. Also what are the requirements for the next level.
Set career progression, especially for women.  Remove politics around hiring (make it fair).
Standards at every level. The don't seem to exist in many cases. In some cases, they only exist in employees heads, and not documented
Merck should have continued development of 7110.  Early results indicate this is a life saving medicine, and Merck's decision to pull research is 100% hypocritical to the tag lines used by medical leadership. Resuming development  would contribute to "Deliver on our mission". Merck medical leadership's focus on metrics (# of meetings, # of MIRs used, # of times FM is late to sync the ipad, GTT) is contributing to FM employee dissatisfaction. Merck's clinical trial planning and outcomes have been designed to put Merck's products at a market disadvantage instead of equal footing (e.g., No follow on study to VICTORIA, Vertis CV).  Merck can't keep relying on retrospective analyses of trial outcomes to sell drugs.  Please consider pricing V114 at a LOWER price to PCV 13/20.  If Merck entered the PCV market to share in the success of PCV 13, then price V114  to take the market, not make providers choose between Merck and Pfizer's PCVs. Thank you for the opportunity to comment.
In an effort to attract and maintain great talent in the U.S. market,  Merck should take a better approach to benchmarking their compensation and job banding/title of commercial roles to our specific competitive markets/competition.   Many roles on the commercial side are viewed as having been down titled as compared to similar scoped and responsibilities of roles at other companies.  The promise of longevity and stability is not longer enough in the current job market to attract and maintain talent.
Take steps to ensure environment-friendly measures are in place.
End the culture of fear that exists at Merck. Re-evaluate people’s scope of responsibility. Provide additional resources where needed. Right now, as a Merck employee, the only thing that I feel that matters is the P&L and no one cares about the people
Be sure you ensuring an equitable workplace for all employees, including those with disabilities (visible and not visible).  Merck would benefit from key talent programs focused on accelerating development of talented Latino/a employees (as other populations with underrepresentation at the leadership level have started to benefit from in recent years)
If the reins are loosened even a smidge, we can be even more successful in delivering our mission. Legal interpretation at Merck is constrained compared to other Pharma companies that have gone through CIAs.
Restore RSU awards.  These types of long term incentives are motivating and encourage people to rise to excellence.  Continue to LEAD as it relates to product development.  Resolve reoccurring IT issues/processes.
Stick to our business and separate from the politics
Diversity across roles.
Align $ and actions. Actions should have an ROI if outside of the areas of safety, health/people, environmental and compliance.
It would be nice if the global organization would take a position on working remotely.  The US organization has taken the position that employees can work remotely if they choose that is the right decision for them. It would help if the global organization would let employees know if they will be required to return to the office or if they can choose to remain remote.
Continue to lead in the D and I space-I'm proud to work at a company that prioritizes this while also having such a great mission.
Balancing risk is important but there are plenty of areas within Merck where taking a risk and having it fail is OK.  This will enable the staff to trust their management and continue to generate novel ideas and solutions to improve their day-to-day operations
Transparency about returning to the office.  It's still not clear what that looks like and the expectations for being on site.  Also, what metrics will be using to make that return to work decision.
More focus to built multi culture company with strong bondage for one another
More visibility into the transition in key leadership positions in the company and how Merck plans to shape its future to remain a leader in global health and scientific innovation would be helpful as someone new to the company.
to be more flexible on working places and more update on company transaction
Needs better organization and avoid having upper management make decisions if they're unfamiliar with it.
Make sure the middle level leadership reflects the vision of the CEO.  It is not always filtering down.
Choose leaders who partner with their teams and have managers who have the ability to do their jobs.
Recognition for employees not just for special projects but for managing and successfully executing/completing day to day work tasks and priorities (works as a motivating factor).
Fully utilize the ways of working principle of planning to experimenting whether it is in regards to MPS, Digital, Agile, Diversity and Inclusion, etc. Spend less time trying to make something perfect but start and improve as time goes on.
I work from home full time... and anticipate working from home forever. How about Merck offering a yearly stipend or something similar to get a desk chair or other home office necessities. How about Merck join up with Planet Fitness to offer free gym memberships. Other companies already do this.  Pay your employees a competitive wage. Merck significantly lags behind other large and mid pharma. We lose people because of it.  My manager only cares for herself. I have not received one Inspire award from her...ever. Plenty from colleagues outside my organization. I guess she doesn't value my work.
Modernize and optimize systems and procedures, create growth opportunities
Stay connected with the employees and customers
Continue to listen to employee concerns and institute actionable change.
Rather than promoting subject matter experts into people-management positions, have individuals who are good at coaching people-leader positions. If that is not always possible, have a strong coach / mentor for those in people-manager positions in that role. People leave managers, not companies. The greatest players doesn't always make the greatest coach. The best coaches bring out the best in others.
My advice is to ensure that people have enough time to focus on project related work and to work on their own development.
I believe the cultural shift we had in last couple of years, or may be more, doesn’t help the organization. At one point, it seems like Merck is family and people really cared about each other. Now, it seems too superficial, people do care about each other well being but somehow it is related to work.
Adapt to teh cosmic shift in how and where people work going forward.
Root out ineffective managers at the Director and Associate Director level - ensure that they are not only trained and coached appropriately, but that there is regular anonymous 360 feedback on their performance, and that feedback is used. Abusive and narcissistic department leads and heads need to go - it is impacting all levels, and creates compliance risks when employees fear bringing up problems and issues, or when those escalations are routinely ignored, and the individuals that raise issues suffer damage to their career and are passed over for advancement.
flexible work arrangements, especially when people begin coming back to work
We have begun to make our company a global work from anywhere company.  But this is not applicable to all in HH, only some.  If we want to see changes in our culture, this is a perfect way to make this happen.  Allow us to continue this work from home shift permanent.  It has made the bond between teams stronger, as we are not worrying about logistics for meetings, or for ourselves.  I am greatly appreciative of the opportunity to stay home and continue to work during this pandemic and as a result I find myself working harder and longer than before.  I still need to deal with making sure I have a work life balance that benefits both myself and Merck.
Do not partake and/or feed into the lies of communism/socialism for our country.
Field to HQ transition "guide"
Merck should continue to advocate and promote racial justice and representation both within Merck and society.  Merck is a large corporation and has the power, platform and access to drive change if we have the will.    An area of racial justice which Merck could promote that aligns closely with Merck's mission of providing products that improve and save lives would be racial justice for access to medical treatment and services.
Keep doing what you're doing!!
I feel like you can only say how you feel about something if it is in line with the popular opinion if not you need to be quiet and get in line.
Appropriately staff and resource projects and functions to ensure high quality work and work-life balance is maintained.  The hours many need to put in are not sustainable.
Continue to foster a safe work environment and look for ways to minimize the constant change especially in the CSSM department. There is a lot of time spent on new trainings and it is often difficult to get work accomplished.
I feel overall this is the best place that I work and plan to retire at Merck.  My main concern is as it pertains to Merck's constant stance on political aspects which are isolating employees at Merck that do not have those same beliefs.  These are very one sided and tend to lead right from the media.  Whether right or wrong you may be isolating some employees and making it uncomfortable for them in the workplace.  I personally feel isolated by these political stances and do not feel that I can bring these concerns to light as I may be looked at poorly.
As vaccines are being rolled out and as there are signs of returning to 'normalcy' in the near future, I think transparency around what in office presence requirements will look like would be helpful to allow for planning. What options will we be given, if any at all? I think there is growing anxiety around not knowing anything so even little nuggets of insight or intentions to be broadcasted to the organization would be helpful
Fair base salary compensation for experienced employees to retain talent (fair market value).
Stop making things more complicated than they need to be.
Well , you need leadership with heart and not just knowledge. If a manager has a history of people leaving when they show up then something is wrong, STOP LOOKING THE OTHER WAY and move them instead of everyone else leaving. Saying that employees are important to the Company is only words people know how they are treated and how they feel at the end of the day. Its not about punitive measures and watch your back. This is a reality at Merck - doesn't matter how smart someone is if they cant deal with employees without them looking down there nose at you because they are smarter and your not. Thank you   But managers need to be selected with fair and open minded behavior and because they are smart, if they were smart they wouldn't treat people like  fools and there ideas are the only way to do things. I work very hard and weekends if needed so I am not an employee who doesnt care or needs a pat on the head , just saying how it really is
Have more transparent rules for COVID onsite presence; have more wellness initiatives; institute no meetings on Friday afternoon; have more transparency to "priority buckets" of programs
MSD needs to move from talking about innovation to actually moving forward with it. The support areas are not ready to innovate and holds back on the strategic areas initiatives just because it is new or it has never been done. Also, and more importantly, the leadership mindset needs to change from controlling and  "needing do see" artificial metrics to really empowering us to do our best in our jobs. There are too many people at global and regional level busy in creating these artificial metrics to attend the controlling needs from the leadership and there is a lack of people creating solutions for us to deliver a high performance job. We need better balance from controlling to empowering, so we can execute our plans without the high level of stress. The leadership team has to acknowledged that outside US we have very limited human resources and that impairs how much we can do because the operational procedures are 10x bigger than we can deal with.
Hire more employees to support vacation time. Feeling burnt out with the pace of work.
Reinforce the need for agility, risk approach, understand the competitive environment.  I am concerned with the future of our Company since we are spending time in many competing priorities but at the end of the day, we are not making a big impact on the market.  Our competitors are doing more. We need to modernize and at the same time, we need to set our egos or own interests aside and work for the common good.  Our collective perception of common good might not be the same, so we need to be open to a healthy debate.
focus on employee well being and job security
Allow all employees (those for whom it is a viable option) the option to remain permanently full-remote or mostly remote should they want to do so, especially within departments that are already mostly remote. Increased flexibility in established work hours/shifts and/or work week (ie. option for half day Fridays year-round, a/b teams with 4 day work week, etc). Establish clear pathways for advancement, formal job shadowing /mentoring opportunities for ALL roles across the company.
Continue to invest and build our pipeline with valuable products.  There are many policies/SOPs/processes that seem to slow work that are in place to mitigate what seems to be "low" risk activities.  Feel we may be able to better balance productivity and risk.
They need to look at retention policies. Many people have chosen to go to Organon, and it is difficult to replace them. We need to keep the people we have. It is very difficult to hire experienced people due to the competitive nature of the job market in our area.
Securing jobs, for small plants like Montevideo Site the survival of the site is vital.
Ensure that decisions are made at the right level -- upper management needs to continually push down the decision-making level.   If lower levels can't or won't make decisions, leadership needs to determine why and ensure the correct tools are in place to facilitate this decision-making.
Provide employees with the resources needed to do their jobs well (quality and efficiency).  Don't switch tools every 2 years - employees are just getting to the point of using the previous tool efficiently (and bugs are finally removed by that time).  Continue to allow flexibility in work arrangements, even after COVID contingencies are over.  If employees demonstrate they can execute on priorities effectively, they should be able to do it from anywhere anytime.  I feel supported right now (new mom with infant, husband with condition that is high-risk for COVID) and I hope I continue to feel this way once COVID is "done..." whatever that means.
Get out of politics and run the business
Allow mid year salary adjustments.  Bring people up to market/peers at Merck before they leave.
Merck does a great job, at making the company a great place to work.
Stop preferential treatment of certain groups
when the time is right (Covid 19 Retrictions are lifted) offer in person team building or networking opportunities so that colleagues can once again engage together in person.
I believe the pay is lower than market standard. Otherwise I am happy with the culture and the work we do.
continue giving employees a voice and fostering an environment where employees feel trusted by upper management - "unbossed" as another pharmaceutical company says :) this motivates employees to put their best work forward. Our new ways of working are great and we need to continue putting them into action. also, vacation and personal time is key to maintaining a positive balance and outlook. create opportunities for employees to get additional paid time off - (eg, in exchange of inspire points, an extra paid week off after 5 years of service, etc)
GD&I initiatives. Taking action on opportunities for growth/change identified within PULSE survey
Faster decisions at the right level and trust the people that they can make the right decisions
I think Merck and MSD are doing a great job now.
Increase salaries.  The company is hemorrhaging people right now due to higher salaries elsewhere.  Highly talented people are leaving the organization in large numbers due to higher stability, less bureaucracy and high salaries elsewhere.
1) Continue working towards a work environment that is diverse and equitable. 2) Implement changes within the organization to ensure employees can have more work/life balance.
Ensure everyone has a proper work set-up at home. Ensure we have the right, most updated technology to stay connected. Ensure eveyone is being check on weekly or at least bi-weekly for well-being/mental health with a simple question that shows the company cares about how everyone is doing.
Focus on developing and commercializing novel medicines.  Too many distractions at the executive level.  When was the last time we heard ANYONE in senior management promoting and defending our business model?  We have gotten too political, we need to get back our focus and it starts with leadership.
Ensure the departments are aligned with the vision of Merck and MSD.
This is a great company and I love working here. I'm disappointed that the site's director's are so clueless about how to manage people. People and positions are abused in one area and given free reign in others. A perfect example is to look at the associate director position... some have 6, 10 or more people they are managing in addition to doing the work, and then other associate director positions have zero reports and all the freedom in the world. That kind of inconsistency breeds contempt. I can give you a list of people who have left this site because of that exact thing. Everyone who leaves is afraid to burn a bridge and wants to leave the door open to return, so no one ever actually tells the truth when leave. Those of us still here, know the truth. Senior management remains blissfully ignorant.
Active support of work - life balance
Work on compliance and regulatory harsh rules
Continue hiring and retaining the brilliant, open minded exceptional employees that they do!
Although the organization and many leaders encourage speaking up, the organization allows individuals to remain employed even after claims have been proven. Since the company has not responded properly, the company is in the process of losing key people.
More business ownership with less conference calls.
Streamline processes and eliminate manual work. Promote work - life balance.
Work on better governance among leadership. for cross-functional - cross-divisional issues -- it is so hard to know who has the decision rights/authority
Merck has excellent benefits, but some of them are not very well advertised to the employees. Such as Ernst & Young financial services, and Volunteer time and company match of donations. Merck could commit to WebEx/Teams calls highlighting how these programs work and what is available on a quarterly or semi-annual basis.
Better focus on the level of stress being experienced
More employee incentives-  - new employee goodie bag - celebrating employee appreciation day (boost employee morale)
Put more resources and compensate us better.  No increase in sales commission since 2010.  Why does the 6 or 7 Oncology reps in a territory receive more and 1 Chronic care rep in a territory cant get equal commission. I use my cell phone all the time for my job and get only $35.00 allowance!!
Continue to seek and hire a more diverse workforce, especially for the technical/science roles.
keep its employees informed, especially now, to what steps are being taken for the future of the company and how the new workplace will be once we near the end of this pandemic.   Try to keep us connected as much as possible.
Break down the silos and internal politics that lead to constant churn.
Allow for continued flexibility after the pandemic to allow for remote working where feasible.
Continue to provide reassurance to FBE about job security, potential shifts in responsibilities and look for new ways of working to engage customers
great place to work - more agile working concept deliver on mission - get E2E visibility into one system to follow the product flow incl. testing / sample supply streams
From my point of view, the best thing that MSD can do to  make the company an even greater place to work, is to give the option to the employees to work from wherever they feel more productive. Especially now, and after all time of staying at home, people will need to travel, to different places and being able to work from anywhere in the world, they feel more productive.
Merck/MSD does a good job of being current, provides all sorts of extra benefits for employees, and is fair
opening on the European and stainless  innovation
Be more transparent with changes within the organization.
Continue to fight for racial inequalities!
Change our no promotion in place practice or provide a way for people to advance within their role. People leave because they feel there is not where to go without changing jobs
Allow representatives who are vaccinated for COVID to return to working in the field
Better training, more work life balance (work from home and flexibility), and security on site.
Merck needs to find ways to have enough employees to carry out jobs/roles/tasks. Most areas are drowning because there simply aren't enough people to do the job without working all night long and thru the weekends. This type of atmosphere contributes to depression, low morale, health issues. I can't stand when the message is constantly be mindful, but then its also ok we will come down on you if you don't get these 25 tasks done in time.
Publicly stating how we are committed to paying men and women equality for the same work, and providing data to support this claim.
Continue on the path of the initiatives of the mentoring program within as well as bringing in future interns so there will always be new ideas and thoughts on different processes that will continue to broaden new insight..
We now have been a year in this pandemic and lots of pharmaceutical companies give work-free COVID days to help employees staying healthy and maintaining a work-life balance. Doing more to help employees to keep being in a good mood can help the company.
Continuously changing the way we work and how we are evaluated every three years is counter-productive
allow hybrid approach to work from home, coming to the office and being remote.
Do more employee recognition, brands your employees better (last year we got a Merck windbreaker sent to us and I feel so proud wearing it, the company should send more Merck branded apparel so we feel more part of a team especially in field sales where we are so disconnected from each other)
Ensure the current infrastructure and process is sound before implementing new changes that don't improve function.
Keep up the good worth with implementing Agile process to make this top scores all they way through the survey!
Clearly show what's our plan after KEYTRUDA.
Our D&I program is causing more division in my group and there has been a noticeable decrease in peoples willingness to speak up.  There is no such thing as a safe space to speak up without repercussions in my group.
Inclusivity is awesome.  When we all move to Rahway, I think we'll have a different feeling about the divide between Merck and Merck Animal Health. Getting back to the office would help too.
I think Merck and MSD are doing a great job. They should stay focused on the mission to continue innovating in order to make the people´s life better
Provide clarity and transparency into score calculation, Score 87 was very very low compared to previous years, not much explained even we have been still being told during the year and after how great the year of 2020 was in many aspects, which many figures were increased etc... And also no one is mentioning millions of $ saved on travels and where it goes to. This rather seems like the money saved on the score and travels were used to build Organon.
Post-Pandemic investment in understanding how employees have adjusted in order to reduce the stress that was incurred.  Many people have adopted new habits and ways of living/working in order to "get through" but may want to continue with those if they feel they were substantially helpful or they invested time/energy/money into them.  I would like to see where Merck makes the attempt to accommodate these self-derived solutions that are tailored for the individual.
Merck is a great company, with great people and great inventions that save lives.   Further step for the company: Some people are taking personal advantage of the pandemic, so watching that should be a company priority. Working from home is doing a huge damage to the company.
too much emphasis on promoting black and brown employees over other minorities who may have better qualifications, experience, and education
Transparency
1- Stability and safety for all employees with no downsizing 2- Branding MSD as Oncology and Vaccine organization 3- affordable solutions and reasonable procing for innovative new brands
We certainly are in a time that workloads are extreme. due to Organon and several implementations. Hope we can get pass it and get back to a more normal professional life so we can balance better our time, stress and personal commitments.
stay out of politics unless there is a direct impact on the companies business, things like drug pricing, FDA reviews, legislation that could impact our core business
Focus on the science and the business, not social issues.
Merck has been wonderful and supportive through the pandemic. Our infrastructure is so good I was able to accomplish all my job requirements remotely, and the extraordinary additional services offered for physical and mental health are very much appreciated. Just keep doing what you're doing and keep listening to others who may not be as happy as I am : )
For Merck to speak out about its shortcomings/failure.  It is no disgrace or shame. Not everything works out. If there is bad publicity in the news, bring it out and address it, don't hide from it. Address the issues.
Following through on diversity initiatives. Merck has done a good job with gender diversity by promoting qualified women to leadership roles. I hope to see the same for other under represented groups that are contributing to the companies success. Diversity training is very important as it reinforces that promotions are based on talent and not just on diversity.
Innovation that focuses on making things easier, not harder. Embrace the remote work environment and allow more activities to be done remotely. Embrace remote technology that helps facilitate remote work. Bring in more new to research employees from across the country instead of only offering to persons in the NE to encourage building new talent.
Please make HR systems more easy to work with
Executive leadership should resist the temptation to inject itself into the national pollical rhetoric around voting rights and racial injustice. Merck has a mission to invent for ALL life regardless of any personal characteristics and the messaging and actions from senior leadership should reflect that. Seeing misinformed messaging from senior leaders, particularly around recent voting law legislation, does not serve the company well and may have unintended consequences that impact employees and the patients we intend to serve.
Understand that at least 50% of our company in the US doesn’t approve of the stance our CEO has taken politically. And potentially many others feel the D & I forced trainings are not necessary.
Ensure everyone has an office "home" where they feel welcome and have all that they need to be successful.  I work in above site teams, and in some cases the people are being pushed out of sites, with no alternatives available.  So they have no option but to work from home - even if that is not the best option for them
Manage the right level of detail at the right level of management and increase mutual understanding of priorities between groups, divisions and levels in the organisation.
They need to be more open minded on what our customers want when it comes to sales activities. The constant push for remote engagement may be beneficial in some areas of the country but not all. My geography rarely engages in remote activity and being RED negatively impacts my ability to do my job and engage with my customers since over 90% of them do not interact remotely and prefer to see me in person.
make the workplace less political.
It would be good if we didn't keep cancelling products (V590, V591, MK7110) - I'm concerned about decision making by our leaders.
Select knowledgeable and fear leaders
Better protect employees' work/life balance. working virtually has led to longer days of meetings and increase in number of meetings.  leaders need to demonstrate this and push down the expectations. (i.e. no meetings before 9am or after 3pm) . Hard to have any flexibility when calendars are completely full of meetings.
Continue to implement workplace flexibility practices and challenge the old way of working
No comments at this time.
- Be more specific in what Subsidiary of the Future version 2.0 or 3.0 means for our organization and its people. Better be open and clear so that we have our colleagues not spending too much time speculating negatively. - Inclusion and Equal opportunities for all needs include all segments. MSD is overall an inclusive company, but there is room for improvement or at least applying additional angle. Young talents, racial, religious, sexual orientation and other segments are well deserved being pushed forward for opportunities. As a company we seem to (unknowingly?) leave out colleagues above a certain age - they are put last on the list for job opportunities. -
Continue the flexibility to work from home and go in the office occasstionally.
Merck and MSD have many programs that help develop people.  Most of the time I don't hear about these programs unless I attend an EBRG event.  It would be great to have that information about programs like DELVEUP (I believe I spelled that incorrectly) make it down to everyone.  I feel like if I don't make a meeting or check Yammer actively I will miss out on great opportunities.
Remove the ridiculous barriers for earning and receiving a promotion at this company
1. Continue to hold National and Region meetings virtually for this year and possibly in 2022. 2. Expand/extend the Child/Adult Care Support to include more visits. 3. Change VP Award trip from a Company Meeting to allow the employee to pick what they are most comfortable with for travel.  Another option is provide a cash award during this uncertain time with the pandemic.  Many people are not comfortable with traveling at this time.  If a person chooses not to travel, they should not be penalized for that decision.
MSD have no communicated how life will develop post pandemic. As vaccines roll out we are starting to see an end in sight. What will this mean for people working from home. Are plans being made, work policies updated?
Merck leadership needs to better help employees find a work life balance.  after being sent to work from home in Mar 2020, the number of hours a day that people worked increased dramatically and it is evident by the overall productivity.  The increased productivity allowed managers to assign additional work to the most productive people but this has come at a cost.   Many are feeling overworked, burned out, and stressed in this new environment and I feel that managers are not addressing the elephant in the room.   Rather we are told to find a work life balance but that balance cannot be achieved with continued added work.    At some point this practice will cause the system to break and people will begin to seek other opportunities.
I think Merck could take learnings from other chemical industries to help make manufacturing more successful.
Reduce bureaucracy.  We have too many governance committees that take a long time to get approval of projects/protocols.
Provide more Onboarding Training with relevant and current myLearning courses.
Fortify systems that plan work load and delivery and balance these against available resources.  From my street corner work flows without regard for resource capacity - we have 5 top priorities and lots of minor demand that sneaks in and adds up.  Be more measure and linked to value, and if value is there let's onboard the proper amount of resources for the job
Continue to strive for inclusiveness and provide greater resources so that we can perform our jobs well including space to work and people to help.
Let employees be clear with the company's plans and policies.  Provided employees more benefits and competitive salary.
Wow needs to be less open to interpretation. Wow has been changed and repurposed to fit managerial goals.
When pandemic restrictions are eased it would be great if we could maintain the flexibility to work from home during most if not all of the week. I understand the benefits of coming into the office to work, but with a small child this is more stressful.
Many people are leaving for other pharma companies. We need to retain people by offering higher salaries and more incentives.
When the company decides to have employees return to the office, it would be appreciated if there was more flexibility to work from home.  Prior to the pandemic there were restrictions in some areas as to how many days a week one can work from home and Mondays and Fridays were not allowed.  It was also uncomfortable when asking to switch the work from home day due to a doctor appt. etc.  Merck is a great place to work, but some areas have not been flexible while other areas are.
Focus more on work/life balance
Keep doing what they're doing. The culture here is open and transparent and myself and my colleagues enjoy working here and do feel valued.  The way we've been supported throughout the pandemic has been fantastic. From having ergonimic work stations to health and wellbeing support and opportunities I've been given to develop whilst WFH-all amazing.  I think that David Peacock is the most open and transparent MD we've had and seems to be a real man of the people and approachable by all. GREAT PLACE TO WORK!  The only reason i gave non commital responses about my manager is we are between managers ATM so unable to respond clearly as yet.
The tools that we use are outdated and require considerable manual effort. Our management does not respect or appreciate the level of effort needed to get our job done.  They think there is a lot of time for 'projects' when it is barely sustainable to get the everyday work done.  They ignore the voices of the team when issues are raised.  I think the future of Merck needs to include better technology or lessen the level of detail expected in our jobs.  We are buried in the 'weeds'.
Continue to move in the path that we have right now. Being a company that takes inclusion seriously, I don't want to retire from any other company.
Make it possible to work partially from hoe as we do now in the COVID crisis
I think we should adapt a more flexible environment in the future in terms of remote work vs office based work, aiming to improve work/family balance. In addition, IT resources, such as laptops, mobile phones, etc should be replaced more frequently to ensure that IT constraints, device performance, etc, don't prevent us from working efficiently (eg. when laptops are too slow, and connections due to Pulse secure are too slow, we are not so productive). MSD should also increase its ability to retain talent. For example, in my subsidiary, talented people usually leave to find better financial conditions/new opportunities to be promoted just because they don't find them at MSD so easily.
This is hard. I believe the company has done well with most things, our inclusion on outside list of great places to work for veterans, working mothers, women, minorities, the disabled is a testimony to this. I do believe the company will find it hard to change the need to get more help/people to allow the life/work balance to improve. I know the pharmaceutical companies are bracing themselves for the future due to the political climate in the US and the drug pricing that will impact all. I do sympathize with all - especially during the pandemic. I'm hopeful we'll learn and improve.
Lower level associates should have some buy in on departmental or on site moves/allocation of resources.
Ensure all employees take accountability for their work
Set Development plan opportunities for support functions. Ensure that regional projects are also set in all the different regions, all over the world. break barriers and reinforce the networking.
Really appreciate the amount of flexibility that has been offered over the last year however in order to accommodate various schedules there are meetings early in the day and late in the day and all throughout...this has resulted in very long days with little time to actually think/work. Is it possible to pilot a system with "meeting hours" or a "no meeting day"?
I think the Mind Well Champions are doing a good job of providing some resources to help us adjust to all the changes and I'd like to see more of these and better promotion of the resources.  My team and manager make Merck a fantastic place to work.  I'm very happy with them and the role I'm currently in.  I'd like to see Merck get better at promoting all the good work we do.  As an example, maternal mortality has been in the news quite a bit and we were at the forefront with Merck for Mothers.  I haven't heard us mentioned in the mainstream press as innovators in this space.
Stay out of politics
Unfortunately, the company's mission and desire to be a great place to work is hindered by first-line management.  This role is exclusively focused on tasks.  Therefore, direct reports are only valued for the work they can deliver.  This work output is always presented to organization by the manager - never giving light to the true performer.  Managers do not focus on their people; they focus exclusive on their needs and what is required for career advancement.  How demoralizing it is not to be treated as a person.  True, people-oriented leadership is rarely performed within the company.
The company has become quite top heavy-- a lot of cooks in the kitchen. The company should emphasize within its ranks that a collaborative, cooperative, inclusive culture is a top priority for all from the top down.
Continue to disrupt the standard "corporate culture" and reward innovation. Push back against perspectives on how "Merck has always done things."  Reward employees looking to take their talents to other internal departments/divisions. Train leadership and hiring managers to value cross-pollination of talent, rather than always valuing the "standard" or "traditional" path of experience.
keep eliminating barriers to be a faster decision making company
Relax some intrnal compliance , still in line with ABPI, this will allow for an easier engagement with customers
Continue to empower employees, prioritizing the most important work that delivers business value (to take some non-value add work off our plates)
Utilize contract companies for NSC, PAP, and MAP that provide excellent customer service.  Also, computer programs for expenses, call reporting, data need to be chosen based on high quality.
Be bold in positioning the organization for the future.  Invest in new products, people, and infrastructure.  Often, Merck/MSD is perceived as penny wise and pound foolish.
I feel undercompensated. Promotions are near impossible, and compensations are lower than other competitors.
Compensate on par with biotech industry peers
Merck and MSD are doing a great job. I am humbled to work for a company with such values.
More opportunity for career growth at middle management levels and promotion attainment for people who deserve the recognition.
Leadership should push back against frivolous escalations. Decisions are frequently going to site leadership because people don't like the decisions that are being made at lower levels.
Ensure that MPS and digital technologies are applied to truly drive work out of the systems so that people are focused on the tasks / work that is impactful and value added.
Continue the huge strides that have been made in diversity and inclusion but also go back to what was a bedrock principle and now has disappeared - giving people a safe space to speak up and encouraging courage and candor. I have an old minded boss who actually dinged me end of year "because you escalated an issue".  Management like that has to go.  You need leaders who challenge people to be courageous and challenge the status quo.  That leads to growth, as opposed to a culture of "keep quiet and keep your head down', which will lead to stagnation.
Evaluate if staffing and resources are accurately determined/calculated for the various work being performed at the sites. Additional work/initiatives need to be closely evaluated for impact before launching/roll out. Failure to do so will more than likely lead to inadequate attention to initiatives and thus lead to subpar performance as not enough time is devoted to it due to competing priorities and already heavy workloads.
Provide supplemental programs which monitor the mental and physical health of their employees.
More staff so I don't feel like I am working enough for 3 people
Take this opportunity to reimagine what Merck can be post-pandemic. I fear that we'll go back to the status quo when things settle down.
Streamline, reduce barriers, reduce labor intensive processes, greater utilization of cloud based operational systems
Recognize the employee who was very active and had a good performance over time, but didn't have the opportunity to grow because of a rigid structure of the department where he/she worked. If he doesn't have the possibility to advance in career as part of his professional ambition, at least he should receive other forms of recognition.
Merck does many things very well. However, people managers need to be trained in people management, recognizing talent, and providing mentorship (not just in being good individual contributors). People managers need to value and encourage diverse opinions and encourage mistakes. Employees should be treated with respect and not be berated when mistakes are made.   Promotions should be based on merit and not on favoritism. There should also be a more objective year-end process, taking into account the variety of work/functions.
Continue to break down the silos, not encourage but demand cross collaboration. I do my part to engage other departments and work together but not everyone shares that feeling. I have gotten pushback from others questioning why I want to be involved in another project and get the impression others would rather continue to work uninterrupted in their bubble. I feel this is where Merck is regarded poorly from an industry standard and in terms of attracting and retaining the best talent. We are also terrified to let go of poor performers which allows several non-ideal employees to remain within the company. I say this not to insult another but from the perspective of wanting to be surrounded by the best and brightest coworkers.
Empower employees at all levels.  Reward and promote employees who have made sustained contributions to the company.
Continuing to  focus on issues that impact our customers and employees. Providing resources for employees to do their jobs well. Foster a culture that appreciates and embraces diversity and inclusion. Continue to expand out pipeline and look for medicines that can help different patient populations.
Overall, Merck is a good place to work and I'm happy to be here. To make the company truly great, I see two major barriers. 1) All development opportunities seem to be reserved for a few select "core talent", I've seen some incredible scientists have their self-confidence here completely undermined but go on to success at other companies, every little fault is picked apart  in the name of "development" while rewards for success are doled out on a very limited basis to a few people, 2) Senior leaders talk about doing things differently and taking risks, but on a day to day basis actually doing this is discouraged and there is a perception that if you choose to take a risk and it fails, you will be punished.
It may seem like a small thing, but please add the GIFs function back into Teams chat.  It was such a wonderful way to interact remotely with our colleagues and interject some lightheartedness into our interactions.  We are all responsible adults who receive training on diversity and inclusion and should understand what are appropriate images to use. Also, please consider increasing the infertility coverage for women.  While is wonderful the company provides some coverage, it does not go far and many women have delayed treatment due to the pandemic and could use extra coverage.  It used to be unlimited coverage.  A $25,000 limit for a lifetime of treatment is not very high and only covers a few procedures.  Over 10% of women experience infertility, and as the company has continued to expand its maternity benefits and promote Merck for Mothers leaving this unchanged seems very lacking.
The diversity and inclusion discussions are very important but they can occupy over half of our regular team calls.    I feel these discussions should occur and diversity and inclusion should be prioritized, however their seems to be such a focus that other Merck priorities and team goals are being significantly diminished.  Additionally, colleagues have commented that with such a focus in these areas, they are being made to feel as though they have to admit that they have done things previously which contributed to creating a non inclusive culture when this is NOT the case.
High level decisions should be better vetted through the individual organizations that will be impacted before forging ahead. For example, the impact of the Organon spin-off was fully understood from the higher levels due to assumptions that "clone and go" could be easily/efficiently achieved without proper staffing from the new organization. The expectation that existing employees could just add that effort on top of an already over-capacity workload was unreasonable, caused excessive stress, even longer hours of work for a very extended period of time to ensure that MSD work didn't drop while ensuring that the Organon objectives could be me. Additionally, there was little to no acknowledgement of the heroics that were required.  This type of decision-making at the highest level of the organization without full understanding of the trick down effect on those employees who would be responsible is dis-heartening and does not seem to align with the Core Company values.
Give people responsibility and empower them. Stop doing micro-management on VP level or higher. Make sure that the workforce has the right level of resources or be brave enough to move/postpone things.
My group is more hierarchical and "rank-centric" than the US Army and Downton Abbey combined.  I believe this counter-WOW.
Empower employees. Too many decisions made at EC+1 level. Truly value diverse work styles and opinions rather than simply focus on female & ethnic diversity (despite real need for Hispanic & Black representation at senior levels). Improve feedback loops around senior management. In certain instances, I witness bad behaviors but typically not asked for feedback. In some instances, these "bad leaders" are the worst kept secrets but yet nothing happens. Finally, take work out of the system!! All we do is add projects and eliminate resources!
I really feel like there still are barriers in this large company to promotion and to growth.  There are programs to grow leaders but you must be young, I think.  You also must have the right look and if you are not part of a protected group, I think the culture is that it's OK to bypass or ignore your want for growth or new opportunities.  There still are many sterotypes in this company and I wish that more opportunity was doled out in a blinded manner, even if it would mean doing tasks, taking assessments to prove your ability to do another job.
Don't bring up US politics.
Stop pushing through political opinions and views from the CEO level and vice president level of the company. Not everyone agrees with those views and work should be a place where we can escape political views/opinions being shoved down our throats!
The employees needs all the required resources to perform the daily work for example a save work place that the employee can manage Merck data and key Corporate/Statutory Requirements. If Merck Offices are not available, Merck will need to provide all the necessary resources to be in Compliance with Policies and Procedures
Make the philanthropic activities more accessible to all employees by having more options. Many things that are conducted at HQ or global do not reach the countries.
A consistent message across the whole company has to be stated and backed with actions. It seems there are different cultures /budgets across divisions and sub teams. Merck has stated that the company employee compensation package is stated to be targeted to be at 50% level of all peer companies. This level decreases over time because other companies are also reducing benefits to 50%.  This statement in itself is stating Merck wants to be middle of the road, not a leader. Action are not matching words. The companies that are leading are growing and making news for what they are doing. Merck when it does try to match benefits tries a watered down approach that simply checks the box. They are also implementing low cost programs that benefit only a small number of employees to try to market as a leader. Just my humble opinion.
To broad
1) Radical simplification of processes and policies in the organization - this needs to start top down from the business balancing compliance & ethics requirements versus the agility we need to compete with our peers in the industry  2) Understand the current stretch on resource levels, org design and focus on retaining talents that are critical to the future of the organization’s success  3) Evolving from a HQ-centric culture to more inclusive/diverse org where team members can grow their careers and contribute from any location that fits best for them  4) Phased approach on change/transformation management factoring in the appetite of change, priorities that make the biggest impact to the organization and decisions that will benefit the business in the longer term perspective  5) Be nimble and agile - be ready to revisit assumptions, course-correct decisions and experiment with new approaches to carve different possibilities for the business  6) Empathy and real care for our people
Don't lower standards and treat all as equals.  As an older American the one video on Diversity seem to use only actors under the age of 40.  Merck supports diversity only for those under the age of 50?
Keep the political views of upper management out of the mission of our company. CEOs should run the company and not further any political agendas.
In spite of recent training, hiring practices still seem to be largely theater to allow managers to hire the person they want for the job, regardless of experience or qualifications. Also, hiring for many subsequent openings from the initial pool of candidates is unfair as it does not allow for people to apply for a position if they missed the initial posting or if the subsequent positions are slightly different/may be more appealing to other candidates. Understand that a "pilot" is a test to see what works and what doesn't. Currently we use the term "pilot" when we really mean this is the way it is going to be and if you speak up to voice concerns or improvements, you will be punished or looked down upon.
Identify and recruit resources to perform roles at growing sites, existing personnel are overloaded.
-investment in people managers to create and provide positive environments for employees -enable employee promotions (in-line) when demonstrated growth and value output consistent with next level
Ensure that departments/groups are equipped with enough resources and manpower to prevent burnout and reduce stress. My group's work has exponentially risen in the past few years. To compensate, many of my team members need to work well into the night, on the weekends, and over the shutdown or holidays. Although I am new to the group and have not yet experienced this, it is something that worries me. In order to be our best, we need to feel our best... and that is not possible when employees are expected to work nonstop to deliver on our projects/mission.
Going forward, I think management should allow employees to decide for themselves whether or not to come back into the office vs. work from home.  I understand the need for some to return to work but we have shown over the past year that teams can also work just as effectively from home as in the office.  Some individuals may work better in the office for any number of reasons but others find working from home a better option and I think letting employees decide what is personally best for them and their families should be permitted going forward.
More widespread understanding of Company priorities, meaning sharing the disease areas and entities that are our priorities; I moved from a scientific role to a more administrative role and I can see that there is a gap in understanding scientific priorities as you move away from the bench.
Eliminate the RAT tool and reduce the number of oncology reps in each geography at least in community territories where there anot many specialists. Access to oncologists is not going to improve drastically post COVID and our team and customers seem frustrated at the number of Merck reps jacking for appointments/FFMs.
Remote working has showed that we can indeed deliver on the business needs and do so successfully. I think that Merck should continue to investigate whether that is an option going forward like so many of their competitors have done.
Stop treating white males as second class citizens.
Stop giving financial contributions (through the PAC and otherwise) to politicians and candidates who support or silently fail to oppose laws limiting voting rights or otherwise threaten democracy through their actions or silence. Any funds provided to politicians support their entire platform, not just the drug-pricing policy education/discussion, etc. that may be the intended focus of the funds.
Think outside the US and Europe.
When someone deserves a promotion, grant it.  Don't put some quota system in place that limits career progression.
Continue to let us work from home until there is at least herd immunity so we don't need to worry about our health.
Look to reward in position development rather than only job jumping for promotions and salary bumps. This is especially important in positions where turnover is detrimental to to company and role experience is critical.
Support employees on managing work-life balance, by balancing workload and meetings with learning/thinking moments.
Consider an additional week of shutdown during mid year as i have seen other companies start to do based on the fatigue of work and the pandemic.
Continue to work in diversity, though be careful on how forceful it is applied.  I feel that small, steady changes add up and are lasting over time.  I'd like to see more diversity appear in mid-lower mgmt roles.  I feel this will have a great effect in a local sense.  Continue at upper mgmt - though developing diverse leaders from colleagues within our midst already will weave diversity deep into the fabric of company.   Continue work flexibility plans and offer (where possible) work from home arrangements for Administrative Staff, as is with exempts.
Merck needs to invest in true work life balance.  There are many programs the company has to offer but in the end, people are working and doing the jobs of 2 people many times.  Vacation is being allotted and is not being fully utilized do to workload.   The company needs to figure out the right balance with respect to positions.
innovation, break barriers, flexibility, improve old ways of doing things
Merck and MSD should focus on carving out more resources to support D&I across the enterprise and support the divisions in this mission.  Many individuals that are passionate in this space are being spread way to thin to be effective.  It would be a step towards moving the needle and allowing us to be more efficient, more intentional in terms of how we support our employees, our patients and the mission.
Robust discussion on the future of hybrid WFH/On-site working strategy - opportunity for improved worklife balance and in turn increased productivity as a longer term WOW.   Accelerate installation of digital technologies. Focus on increased engagement with end users during the design of digital technologies - what does the end user need these technologies to do on the ground to eliminate potential gaps in technologies after deployment.  Develop tailormade MPS playbooks and roadmap to suit quality, production and supply chain deployments - each business unit has different challenges and functionalities. Playbooks are heavily production focused. Full review of current MPS deployment strategy, is it giving us the benefit we expect at the rate we need? Value realisation is a challenge in the current MPS program. Review and assess connectivity between global and site MPS functions, are they aligned and working together towards a common goal?
Training.  Give able time to perform tasks - instead for overloading workload
Be more receptive to end-users and what impact our decision have
Collaboration between departments can be greatly improved.
More human ressource regarding the current workload
modernize our thinking and branding to retain and attract diversified individuals.  We are always seen as a traditional company (which is not necessarily a bad thing!) but i feel we can be more of a disruptor in the industry and be more daring.  Overall, Merck is still a wonderful place to work
Offer more advancement opportunities for Administrative Assistants. Also, I feel Merck is doing a great job with offering more flexibility such as remote working, flex time and benefits for wellbeing/health. I hope this continues and more benefits become available in the future.
We are becoming more and more restricted from a compliance standpoint which often makes this job difficult and  holds us back from providing the support needed by our HCP’s and patients.
Keep work and politics separate.    Stop asking everyone if they are vaccinated.     Get back to providing medicine for the patient, not a trendy 'woke' attitude.
- Explicit training and top-down messaging from leadership on gender bias, especially as it relates to employees taking parental leave. Management needs a positive and flexible mindset and to know about the resources they can utilize to adapt and support their teams during times of temporary change.  - There should be more opportunities for employees to rotate into different roles and divisions. This helps the company by supplying and cultivating diverse experiences and perspectives and should be institutionalized via structure, rewards, and messaging from leadership. It also helps the company by giving employees learning and growth opportunities that aren't necessarily about immediate promotion. Management needs resources and encouragement to have a flexible mindset in this area.
Be more open to innovation and challenging the ways we do business. The business model of the future will need other capabilities and resources and I don't believe we, as an organization, are willing to take risk, even if means that we are helping our customers.
Strengthen MSD as a brand itself to increase loyalty and trust form our customers; improve and cultivate employer appreciation by celebrating success more often, also think about birthdays and other important events, think more using small gestures and recognition, such as Inspire, apéro-boxes, and similar, to increase motivation and mood.
The company does a great job taking care of families during this time.  I think that needs to continue.  More back up care would help families get through summer months and extending the wfh flexibility through the end of the year would ensure everyone's safety.
Top Management should understand the ground realities when making schedule decisions especially in a pandemic year
Take a stronger stand on social justice issues, animal welfare issues, and aim to be carbon neutral
Continue to listen to the wants and needs of employees. Embrace hybrid work locations.
Provide more opportunities to those that deserve it.  Learn to balance D&I with qualified candidates, regardless of origin.  Agree on what's important.  For instance, if we believe that the Manager job in Operations is one of the hardest jobs at Merck, then put the resources, effort and importance on the role that it needs.  This includes compensation and opportunities for the M1 role as well.  To be clear, I am not an M1.  But I see what they deal with day to day and we don't value it enough as a company.
I am just 3 weeks working for MSD, so I can't have good answer on this question
Walk the talk. ?Today there was an article in the NY Times on Languishing regarding what many employees are feeling due to the stress of work.  I'm working up to 70 hours a week. The work just keeps piling on. I don't have a director, I interviewed for his job and was told I was doing such a good job in my current job that the interviewer didn't think I would be happy in the job I was interviewing for. I've been here 33 years and have had 11 positions in 4 divisions with great ratings and to have the interview end with my ED saying "I see you in the your current job for the next few months" makes me feel like I am going to be laid off.  Based on how the job description was written (by one of our vendors) and it didn't even mention management of people as a requirement (10 of us to manage), I'm 57 and part of a "diverse protected group" but in viewing the companies diversity training, Baby Boomers are barely mentioned.
Ensure product support systems (SAP, Trackwise, etc) are being used optimally and are state of the art - leading the industry.
Continue to invest heavily in R&D to provide new and novel meds
Stay on this path! I joined the company in 2020 and could not be happier here.
Work life balance is continually stressed as something important but nobody observes it.  Working remotely has made it so you constantly have to be available to answer emails and complete work related tasks.
They should hold managers more accountable for their people management skill at the end of the year, rather than the successes they may or not have running discovery projects
Continue to be transparent about leadership and pipeline changes and the impact it will have.  Allow a larger percentage of employees to be promoted within each cycle.  The low percentage of employees within the department who can be promoted makes the cycles very competitive and as a result, talented employees have sought opportunities elsewhere (both internal and external to Merck).
Remove the barriers and limitations on the technology group.  It is not the same as the Biopharma and compliance/regulations need to removed for this group before integration.
Discuss how the significant change in leadership will be managed to ensure company success
Continue to focus on delivering the pipeline!
I really feel Merck is a great place but what hit home this past year was hearing/seeing videos or leadership stating "take time off, enjoy your families" over the holidays......BUT from a program perspective, we were being told that we needed to work over the holidays.  I really like working at Merck and truly believe in its mission, but from a personal perspective this year, it has been difficult in that we are driving hard and pushing folks to limit.  I think more focus needs to be on the well being of its employees buy implementing certain programs (examples: 1/2 day Fridays, etc)
manage work from home for work life balance, Do not expect technologies replace F2F work. (FAT work done virtually miss many items that effect installation, IOQ's and start up's
Change management and appropriate project management not overburdening the teams
Please focus on the actual work and the fact that there are not enough people to handle the ever-growing amount of work with the constantly shrinking timelines. Adding new "activities" to workers already over-burdened schedules in response to the current political climate comes off as cheap pandering. Focusing on the science we are here for and not the social science that is dictated by personal preferences would truly allow an inclusive environment.
Communicate throughout the entire end-to-end, not just at the highest chains of command. It is difficult to perform the work if employees are kept out of the loop of important and larger communications. Staying ahead of media and big news/decisions so employees are not confused about the direction the company is taking.
Our mission:  To discover, develop and provide innovative products and services that save and improve lives around the world..   Please keep the politics out of our mission.
Following the Co-Vid pandemic its become clear that based on the success we've experienced many areas have not missed a beat working from home.  It would be helpful if Merck/MSD allowed folks that have been remote to continue working remote if they choose and come to the office for important team events, new hires, or critical meetings.  The flexibility and W/L Balance has been very helpful with two working parents and young children.
Merck can make some processes easier/more straight forward.  I find that processes such as ordering reagents, getting software and hardware are confusing and time consuming which takes away from job productivity. I think the company will need to offer even more job flexibility to compete in this new world where a survey showed 85% of people wanted to continue to some work from home.  It would be nice to have a culture of flexibility beyond the flexible work schedules that had to be prearranged with your manager.  It would be nice to have autonomous power to determine if and when it was necessary to come on site and when to stay home.
Listen to the needs of the loyal, long-standing employees and what matters to them. They are worth keeping.
The largest issue globally I see are inefficiencies - excessive administrative work.  The Durham site maintenance for VMF needs a change in leadership and more personnel.  Durham Quality COE, particularly inspection teams, do not seem to adequately prepare for inspections. SMEs and inspection support volunteers drive inspection success. Significant feedback from Divisional Audit (virtual) was all but ignored resulting in last minute scrambling before FDA inspection.
Continue to provide opportunities for employees to diversify their knowledge base.  Programs like the Merck Fellowship program and the Early Talent Development programs are great examples.  It is not only beneficial to the employee but also for the home base function and its team members.  It gives all an opportunity to stretch themselves.  This includes the manager as we need to think of creative ways to get our work done while other employees are enrolled in such programs.  It is a true investment in our future as a company.
Ensure training / buddy system is in place with someone who knows the role, when transiting or starting a new role.  When engaging with employees ensure honesty and truthfulness is adhered to at all times.  Working from home is an excellent work life balance, ensure this is taken into consideration when COVID19 crisis eases, to give employees the option.  Projects being resourced correctly at the start of a project.  When employee escalates, confirmation that this has been escalated to the correct persons / department.
Given the current situation with are faced with, many accounts have closed access but some are starting to reopen.  With Merck restricting our access further relying on the RAT tool to determine if we are able to interact with customers or not have not only greatly reduced our ability to control business outcomes, but has also given competition the upper advantage in meeting with customers face to face.  I feel that more and more expectations are being placed on us to perform in the field when we have less and less control to conduct business.  Given the duration of time we were using email as the main source of communication, many accounts have stopped responding or have blocked our emails. We continue to think outside the box to try and reach customers but it has become increasingly more difficult when we are missing that face to face interaction with offices
Their leadership should not have a soul crushing environment.
Continue to listen and emphasize with employees during these times - this has been much appreciated.  Since the pandemic, I have never been prouder to work for Merck - the way that they quickly (and seriously) addressed social distancing and moved to work from home when possible - the way that kept communications open and honest.....
Prioritize culture.  Not just valuing diversity when it comes to race, gender, etc. (though kudos on that), but also diversity of opinions and approaches.  Merck rewards outspoken and aggressive approaches which can exclude those with different approaches.  Inclusion of all individuals encourages diverse viewpoints and ideas, and also has the effect of extending inclusion to those who may be hesitant to contribute their ideas for other reasons (i.e. those who are not sure their voice is valued due to differences--racial, gender, other).   Merck also seems to value pure science over applied at times.  Scientific innovation is key to our business, but valuing publications over what they can help us achieve (application of the science, increasing scientific reputation for recruiting, establishing scientific leaders who can interact and _learn_ from external sources...)  Science is how we do the job, not the goal in and of itself. Also, being proud of the company is good, arrogance is not.
Update our internal compliance policies to learn from other industry partners, then improve. Merck is too slow to make positive changes, and tends to revert to old ways of working more than we care to admit. Compliance is great, but excessive compliance has demoralized entire teams to the point of feeling we cannot do simple mission-critical tasks that are often misinterpreted by legal.
Better work/life balance
Communicate openly about the company and the employees future
Continue challenging our leaders to think differently so the post-Pandemic world does not return to the same 'normal'. We have to evolve like the rest of the organizations out there to remain competitive. We have discovered and demonstrated that we're resilient, creative, hard working, and committed. Don't underestimate the power of resistant leaders who will 'softly' pressure employees to return to the office without regard to their situation (childcare, health concerns, long commutes, re-adapting to the office, etc.)
I think focusing on how we come back to work post-pandemic is very important.  I'm concerned that, while we have been able to manage well by working from home during this pandemic, that over time it will have negative long term consequences in terms of teamwork, engagement, a sense of belonging -- all strengths at Merck that I think was enabled by our ability to meet in person and travel to other sites, have team dinners, etc.  I do not want to lose that as I think that was part of the 'special sauce' that made Merck different.
In my opinion, Merck/MSD is a model for how to support employee work life balance and the commitment to diversity (racial, gender, etc) is genuine.   The upcoming LOE of many products causes stress about the medium term success of the company.
Training role out is slow, not yet felt on floor. Not enough leadership at floor level.
Merck is already a great place to work!
Stronger people management, including development and career guidance.
I am new to Merck and onboarding has been rough. Admittedly my past company was a small company and a well-oiled onboarding machine, so its not fair to compare. However, I only find out about policies, opportunities by scheduling 1:1 meetings with new colleagues and grilling them with such questions, because there is no other repository (I am well aware of HR hotline, Sync, company emails, other places - those dont serve the needs). I feel that it will be years to fully understand what is available to me, but a better resource for professional development at Merck should exist. Further complicated when your manager is also new.
Increase in social distancing. This is currently poorly practiced across teams in BCG production. It used to be pretty good, but has gotten slack. Its hard to deliver the mission if crimp machines and fill machines are not properly supported during production times, these machines have proven to cause long delays in processing on a regular basis. More floor support regarding known issues with crimp and fill would cause a huge positive uplift for the team members involved in running these antiquated machines.
Continued flexibility
Manage workload better, emphasis on work/life balance
work needs to be prioritized and aligned to company strategy.  Then the work needs to be sequenced.  We are managing multiple / too many projects poorly instead of a few projects very well which is leading to rework.
Continue with the success of creating additional medicines and more importantly a COVID vaccine that will hopefully become available in the near future so we can save and improve more lives.
Upper MGT to keep an open dialogue.  Be more candid with the direction of the company.  Give more updates within the organization.  Prepare people for change
Limit the role of the legal department
Prioritize initiatives and allocate resources correctly....too many tactical non-value activities that are preventing our talent to work on strategic initiatives that really matter....the reality is we need tactical early career resources to do the basic low value task orders and allow our more senior resources to really focus on category management.
Stop expecting one person to take on the roles of 2 or 3 positions.  When people are overworked, none of the work they are assigned is going to get done to the best of that person's ability.  It also leads to worse moral around the workplace and things getting overlooked that may have otherwise been caught and dealt with.  Training employees well for their position should also be a priority so each person is able to be successful in his or her role.  Taking advice from and listening to employees is also extremely important in the success of a company that requires knowledge and input from multiple areas/positions to manufacture a product and get it out the door.  Each role has it's own things that the person filling that role sees and valuing everyone's opinion can help improve procedures and add to the company's success as a whole.  Ignoring the input from certain roles and personnel can be a missed opportunity to improve the company.
I really feel like having a company where the only way to get promoted is to have another employee leave is a terrible way to motivate your employees and retain great talent. People should be promoted based on merit and their hard work and not because another employee leaves the company. There is no motivation to put in the extra work when you know no matter how hard you work you simply cannot be promoted unless another employee leaves. I truly think that is what is causing Merck to lose really good employees.   Another thing that really needs to be updated with the company is the constant resistance to change and improvements. There is an overwhelming attitude that things should be continued to be done the way they always have been instead of progressing and evolving. This really stagnates the company's growth and the happiness of it's employees. Whenever something is changed, it takes an absurd amount of time and comes with a lot of pushback from upper management.
Streamline processes.  Provide adequate resources (too much work for too few people).  Better compensation (Merck lags behind other Pharma).  More opportunities for advancement (some departments simply don't "promote" unless you work on a high profile project).
Novel medicine, first in class, research, and continue to find new ways to access our customers and patients.  I am so grateful for the DEI work Merck has done this past year.  It is amazing to see these priorities added to Workday. I worry about our future in the field due to Covid.  Merck is an amazing place to work.  Our culture is key and it is my passion, however, I’m afraid of the impact due to Covid.
Provide specified  number of sick days...reluctant to take sick day if I feel it might be viewed as “too many” sick days...some idea of expectation would be nice.
continue flex work arrangements started because of covid
We need leaders to step up and lead.  The amount of churn, meeting, changes in direction and lack of decision making is staggering.  I've never experienced anything quite like this before and it is disheartening to see what's become of a once great company.  Stop trying to emulate what others are doing and just do what is right.
We have been talking about re-engineering and re-imagining our ways of working. We are still too bureaucratic and process oriented, without adding significant value while adding significant work.
Focus more on provide the small things that are required to do the job, e.g working printers.  There is focus on large projects and changes to systems, but no focus on the small things.  The workload is such that we are spread too thin and mistakes are more likely, this adds to time taken to complete every task.  The number of changes to systems can be overwhelming, e.g. introduction of Q Doc, increased emphasis on data integrity, changes to trackwise, increased amounts of training on My learning, it is difficult to maintain the work rate, while trying to integrate these changes.  Additional workload due to the expansion project is not factored into peoples workload.  While there appears to be many activities at lunch times e.g. mindfulness, or health presentations, or emails about activities that we can join, there is no time to join any of these activities.   Due to the expansion of the site, it is more difficult to find the people with expertise to answer a query and I find myself having to answer queries
2020 was a difficult year due to the pandemic and I think we should make a push to further support employees working from home.  While we have been told that non-essential employees will not yet be returning to the office until June 2021, I think we could make a point to provide more transparency of how Merck will handle these employees in the future. Maybe make clear that working from home will be an option moving forward and/or helping those employees with items (e.g., keyboards) to help them work from home......in addition, I think we have had a lot of movement in the upper leadership at Merck in 2020 (e.g., Organon and retirements) and that provides a bit of unease with the average employee at work. I think we should make a point to have more frequent meetings with leadership to show their views on Merck's future and the current plans/successes.
I feel like there should be a more formal process of transferring work when a colleague moves to a different position or transferred to a different project. It could save valuable time and confusion if the person taking over was up to speed and can jump right into the work.
I believe that Merck is a forward looking and visionary company. The colleagues that are in leadership roles are hand picked by upper management and possess all the qualities necessary to have a high achieving, competent and excellent working environment. I work in a fantastic department starting from the SVP to my colleagues. We truly work together as a Team and my leaders are the best in the industry in their field. I am proud to be part of Merck and I will work hard so my team continues to have impact in the company.
Anthony Roche gave an excellent presentation to our team and really engaged everyone with regards to Expedition 25 and how it relates to our day to day. Making the mission clear and engaging the team ensures we are all focused and have a clear purpose on achieving what Merck and MSD have planned for the present/future. Team spirit and a sense of real purpose goes along way when making the company a great place to work.
Inclusion should be for all the employees
Stick to what we do best, saving lives.  Do not contribute to the political noise which is depressing so many people right now.
Better work life balance Opportunities for growth and development Constructive feedback from when interviewing internally so that one can grow and advance career
Formalize comp time so that employees can re-energize after a particularly challenging/time consuming project
Continue to allow flexible work arrangements once restrictions are lifted.
Continue to be an active voice for patient care, employees and social injustices. Continue to engage employees actively and ensure that every worker feels empowered.
Recent times have been very hard for everyone, but i don't think car pooling should be prohibited during this pandemic as i believe it's a health and safety risk. Some people have to travel a long distance to get to work and it's very hard driving on your own especially after night shift. There is the danger of falling asleep and been seriously injured or killed or kill someone else. I think this needs to be looked at urgently before someone does have a serious accident
We need to be much better at deliberate succession planning, at hiring people who can be trained in the skills for a role but who have leadership and core competencies that will allow them to succeed, have more training for hiring managers in the standardized hiring/recruiting process (which should be required training), teach people managers how to have deliberate conversations about career development so that employees will feel valued and want to stay at Merck (even if they want to move to a new position), continue driving the DE&I initiatives/priorities
be even more transparent of their strategy - we are all one MSD and if we knew earlier in which director we are going we would be easier up for the change
How should I address such issues of aggression? It is hard to make a case, and has such a demoralizing effect.
I have always felt that our comp structure is below market. With the average base salary annual increase of 1.75% or 2%, it is impossible to move upward in the range of the role. This percentage amount is also below the standard 3% COLA annual increase. In order to retain key talent, the company really does need to evaluate its comp structure. I am aware of quite a few people that have come from other pharma companies that are not happy with our comp structure. This has always been my biggest complaint with the organization.
How can we remove hierarchy and be more agile? Can we have an opportunity to learn from other industry e.g. Google - e.g. sending out our employees for 1 month
Focus on big changes and not so many small global initiatives.
Actually focus on discovering and developing new lifesaving pharmaceuticals. Truly provide for employee development regardless of education level ( years of experience and delivering at a very high level should count for something).
When I started at Merck believed being a healthcare company that helping to financially support employee healthcare needs, when Obama care was going to tax companies with cadiilac plans they greatly increased the employee coinsurance and lately with many medical bills I have had to ration what services I get as the co-pay coinsurance is costing my thousands per month.  Would greatly appreciate more financial help in healthcare coverage.
Keep up the great work on addressing racial disparities inside and outside the workplace, especially encouraging bold conversations about race within the workplace to create a safer environment for employees to bring up these previously taboo topics.
We do not provide the appropriate level of resources to successfully achieve our goals in alignment with our divisional priorities.
Now that our CEO has changed, we are starting to see protocols being cancelled. What is the new CEOs vision. Is he going to be cutting our bottom line by reducing R&D? I'd like more information on how we are doing after the break off of Organon. How is this impacting our stocks? What's the forecast? Will be bounce back? Now that J&J vaccine is being pulled, how does this impact Merck who committed lots of resources to help deliver this drug?
With the current working climate, I would like Merck and my current department to re-evaluate being able to work from home 100% of the time. I do not feel comfortable nor safe to go back on site. I have been working remotely for over a year and would like to continue to do so.
I think Merck does an excellent job of ensuring employees feel valued, have work-life flexibility, strong two-way communication, and value employees' contributions in achieving the company mission.
Create spaces, virtual or in person , that are dedicated to built sense of belonging at Merck. It is really hard for virtual and remote teams/employees to built working relationships , especially for the ones that join the company under the pandemic and were force to start at Merck in virtual/remote mode. If the future is to normalize remote working, it is crucial that we create spaces that are dedicated to simply spending time together.
I feel as if work/life balance is suffering at people are expected to do more and more with less time and resources. The irony is that the highest performers end up with the biggest burden and are under the most pressure, which could impact retention in the long run. Working remotely helps save on commuting; It wouldn't be possible to maintain the current work load with the added commute. I think Merck also needs to continue with Ken Frazier's approach of speaking out against racial injustice and other social justice issues. It helps to make them attractive as an employer and helps retain staff if we believe that Merck is a very ethical and socially conscious company.
Never lose sight that the health and wellbeing of the employees is paramount. Without that, we will not be able to function as the business we want to be and which the patients deserve from us.
Merck and MSD has a great opportunity to leverage technology and software tools to automate routine administrative tasks that consume large swaths of time. Reducing these lower impact and resource intensive tasks will increase productivity and employee engagement to create, invent and develop.
Rely more on the expertise of the veteran employees and less on procedures written by a vendor who does not have Merck’s best interest as the primary focus.
I personally believe that it is important to start identifying which millennial are  the future leaders within the company. This allowing time to start training them and helping them improve their soft-skill (Leadership, communication, feedback, taking accountability). It is important to provide the right training, mentoring, and courses to managers so they can also help identify future leaders and help the company grow as one.
Actually SHOW how they value their employees (swag, flex time, stock options) rather than just say it.
continue to give an opportunities to grow within the company  like DEVELUP initiative or GiG (Marketplace for opportunities).  would be also great to have more information on different roles in e.g MSA dept at Merck and MSD.
Stay away from politics from the top, focus on delivering to our patients with increased key messaging and communication
If we are going to take on BHAGs (Expedition 2025, Hoshin challenges), leaders need the courage to de-prioritize certain work or initiatives.  We really struggle with having priorities that are sufficiently scoped and resourced in a way that won't burn people out.
Keep politics out of the workplace
Being open, honest, and transparent while also leaving politics out of the business. By bringing in politics it makes me as an employee very uncomfortable when i have an opposing view to what leadership or other employees have. I also have a fear that if i express my opposing view i will be ostracized and potentially lose my job. It would be best to keep all politics out of business
Less top-down decision without taking into account the impact at a local level (disconnect creates disruption and lost of efficiency) i.e. looks good on paper at upper level but difficult/unrealistic operational at lower level
More comfort in job security. If there will be a restructure, invest more time in helping individuals find new roles or placing them in new roles. We seem to let a lot of good people go and then rehire them back in different roles.
Continue with at least the same level of support and candid information sharing that we have now. There is some uneasiness around Ken and Mike Nally leaving. It's important that the culture we have built here not change too much, because it's such a great place to work.
greater emphasis on work/life balance and laser focus on 'must do's' versus what can be done later, needed at all levels of the organisation.
do not believe things will return to how it were before the pandemy. People is thinking more and more in the mental health and well being, thus, I do not believe coming back to a 5 days of office will be the right choice. At the same time, it is necesary to inform our teams, which changes are going to be implemented or not.
Provide the appropriate resources and remove the barriers to get work done.
Stay out of political opinions and focus on the business
Need to align objectives/priorities across divisions and support functions to enable appropriate resources to be allocated to drive faster transformation and greater agility.  We still operate too much in silos.
Less bureaucracy,
Focus on finding new drugs.  Our technology is old and unproductive as demonstrated by our complete failure to develop a covid vaccine.  We are relegated to contract manufacturer to a successful (formerly non-player) vaccine developer.  It's frankly embarrassing.  I see it as an indicator of the dearth of innovation in the corporate culture.
A lot of people look for ways to help in the current political and racial environment, but are there things we can actually do to help and promote change in addition to having conversations within our teams?
From the sales point of view, it feels like we are being to asked to more with less, which is fine to a point. However there are some key things we need, beyond Veeva, that we are not getting. Maybe ask sales reps what is more important X or Y and let us chose what is eliminated. There are many items in ROME I’d be happy to give up for a paper detail aid to leave behind or coupons to hand to my customers. Digital offers are great, but there are some ‘tweaks’ that need to be made that we’ve asked for many times that go unfulfilled.
continue this way, but there may be a little more focus on personal development of individual employees
i think decentralizing decision making will help empower team members.
There needs to be better prioritization of projects.  People are stretched way too thin with too many responsibilities.  It is leading to burn-out and lack of job satisfaction.  We need to balance work priorities and projects better and say no to the projects we can't get to at the current time.
We need to better manage our workload, once again their are too many projects with aggressive timelines I think is the main issue I would like to see improved.
Ensure MPS mindsets and thinking are changing the culture.  Stop firefighting.  Develop people through MPS thinking.
Don't make returning to the office mandatory, leave it up the people who have successfully worked from home and improved their productivity being home based.
Offer comprehensive coverage for elective egg-freezing for female-assigned employees. Currently, only egg-freezing that is deemed medically-necessary is covered, but offering elective egg-freezing coverage would make Merck a more friendly place for younger female-assigned individuals and LGBTQ+ people who want to delay childbearing. It is also cost-saving on future infertility coverage.
Continue to reinforce the ability to Work from Home without fear of being devalued or overlooked for ongoing career opportunities. Also, look to ensure equal pay for equal work. we are still imbalanced here. people talk and it is sad and demotivating that males still make more than females overall.
Too many politics get in the way of good decision making. We are expected to transform through digital technologies but then we cut budgets and have to put value creating programs on pause. Additionally, we should put the pulse survey back on the company scorecard - if we care for employee wellbeing, have the Board be held accountable for it.
Value employees and their contributions.
To continue listening and empowering their employees, to nurture and mentor talents, to be flexible and open to new ideas.
Greater recognition of experienced talents rather than new talents only.
Add more flexibility to schedules as we return to the workplace. Remote work and flexible work schedules will be the new normal post-pandemic and we be needed to attract and retain key talent. The LifeCare childcare benefit has been the only reason I've been able to work full-time during this pandemic. Please continue that benefit (with it's newly added features) as it's made all the difference in my productivity and mental health. Finally, it's clear that revenue will become an issue in the future with the Keytruda LOE and drug pricing pressures. I'd like to continue to see a more focused and narrowed approach to the MRL pipeline to focus more on the projects with higher ROI that also fit into our overall desired portfolio of drug offerings. It still feels like we're doing too much of a scatter shot approach, taking on super expensive clinical trials, and being too optimistic about future revenue potential.
I have concerns about our MRL.  That fact that we were unable to develop  a covid vaccine and still had to punt on some of our Covid treatments cause me to have concern regarding our research and development.    I have concerns about the company’s “position” when it comes to politics and events that are happening in the community.  Ones person’s position should not be representative of the entire company.   We serve everyone. And we have to answer to shareholders.
Ensure that Ken Frazier's ideals and values continue after his departure.
Provide/Create opportunities for career advancement.
Keep politics and opinions out of the work place, we have to deal with this enough in our personal lives and work should be a "safe space" from this, and it isn't at Merck.
Be as transparent and open as possible with their employees
Merck should continue to have ways of learning and these great conversations about diversity and inclusion as well as fixed mindsets! I definitely think it such a great step in the right direction and has been really allowing people to understand and connect not only to others but even understanding the way they are and work themselves. It has been a great way to allow people to grow in different ways and areas.
I think this company is really good at solving problems when it prioritizes them.   The first step to improving is for company leadership to admit that currently, Merck is not a great place to work (I think we're an average big company, and nothing more). The second step is to prioritize solving that problem. From there, the rest will probably work out naturally. If I start hearing discussions at every EBB about what we did this quarter to create more value for our employees, the same way we discuss creating value for customers and investors, I have no doubt Merck will become one of the best places in the world to work.  Unfortunately, right now I just can't imagine that happening.
Appropriate performance feedback and promotion
Continue to support employees because empowered engaged employees will translate into a great place to work and delivering on our mission will flow naturally
I feel that individuals within the organization are stretched too thin.  There is an opportunity to create greater focus on key priorities within functional areas while also continuing to champion wellness that is unique to each individual.
Learn to say "no" to projects and to discontinue projects when the drivers change.  We are suffering consequences of saying "yes" to everything and continuing some projects that no longer have value and are consuming valuable resources.  In order to do more with less, we need to make this adjustment.    We also need to fundamentally transform how we do things so we don't burn people out with excessive workloads and unrealistic expectations.  Sometimes we rely too much on adjusting existing processes when the question we need to ask is "what process would I build if there were no existing process?"  If we don't shift toward that mindset, we'll be making incremental improvements going forward rather than transforming our Ways of Working.
Work jointly with the field, compliance to find ways of working that meets our customers needs
Pipeline other than oncology
Communicate the mission for the future related to research/development and future products. Currently, I don't see Merck having a clear direction in the pipeline space.
Despite all the talk of flexibility in the time of Covid, there isn't really much understanding when someone needs to take time off for caring for family members.  At times it feels like you can't even take a vacation day for fear of missing something important at work.  There is also a culture of favoritism in terms of assignments, promotions and jobs.  It seems like you have to be in a certain clique to be given better opportunities, better assignments, promotions or job consideration.
Better recruitment and incentives compared to other companies. Do not believe it is particularly attractive as a chemical engineer in that regard.
I think that it is important for the company to promote individuals within their role as an effective means for growth and self awareness rather then forcing them to seek promotions elsewhere.
Continue remote working from a HQ perspective.
Support home based staff with the costs associated with working from home. I receive zero contribution towards cost of: broadband, heating, lighting, office furniture etc. The associated tax relief is in the order of €40 per annum which is nothing compared to the overheads
Sometimes it would be good to have more focus by setting priorities and by accepting some activities will take slightly longer to be completed.
promote within, reward hard work and efforts
Better work-life balance
Worry about us more than the little compliance points that tie our hands.
The path to promotions and upward movement is very vague and my manager isn't proactive about it what's the next move.
Continue looking for ways to relieve the burden people are facing to deliver on our mission.  We continue to talk about our financial goals separately from our culture goals, which results in a disconnect in messaging.  Additionally, we should focus on increasing personal accountability of all employees in parallel to focusing on empowerment.  Without personal accountability from each individual, empowerment from leadership can only go so far.
Better communication between departments.
In future "return to work" activities, it will be important to recognize that some employees are capable of continuing a work from home schedule despite not being previously offered that opportunity.
We need to be willing to invest in hiring and retaining the best talent throughout the organization, not just at the top.  We need to redesign our end of year processes to eliminate the idea that we will only have a minimal number of top performers.  We need to give some serious thought to whether we really benefit by insisting our titles be a rung or two lower than the same job at a competitor, and whether it's really worth it in the long run to pay materially less than market.  Of course, we may care more about short term numbers than long term success, that's a rational choice.
Appreciate if management can allow employees to completely work remotely(at least for non-managerial roles)
An important part of making our company a great place to work and to deliver on our mission is to be sure to let your team know you appreciate the work they are doing. (My manager does show appreciation all the time and it makes a difference in how you feel about yourself and your work.) Another suggestion is to resource projects with the right amount of staffing and budget.  Last suggestion is to cut down on non-essential tasks. For example, preparing documents, reports and PowerPoint decks that no one will refer to after the meeting. We should all count the number of decks we have on our computers and honestly say how many of them we have really looked at a second time.
Continue to improve the hiring practice for under-represented minorities; Make Merck look like the demographic of the US at all levels.
Talent development for introvert employees who might spend more time innovating than socializing.
I have only been an MSD employee for a few weeks now, but as compared to my prior employer, I cannot say enough great things about the support, my team, the technology, or the kindness of every other MSD colleague I've encountered.
Promote Mental Health Wellbeing. Having pulse and Live-It among other programs are great but they mean nothing if we do not actively encourage employees to take a mental health day or to actually separate work and life. It is very easy to do these things from a global role but from a site manufacturing (MMD) role it has been hard to cope with the stressors and lack of resources throughout COVID.   Emails about mental health and importance of maintaining a healthy work-life balance mean nothing if resources aren't allocated to actually making that possible. Individuals are not empowered to take a day off because we're already crunched for resources and taking a day off would be making your future work days harder (or make you miss timelines that never changed even with a global pandemic going on). I know there are efforts to improve life at Merck, but it feels really disingenuous when priorities/strategy come out that appear to be in competition with mental wellbeing.
Continue to support diverse backgrounds in hiring, even if it means brining people from outside the region to a facility.
Ensure that department goals are aligned between all teams (Ops/Tech Ops/EMU/Quality/Labs) and that all groups are recognized for achievements. Right now, many groups track metrics that do not align with the business goals and it can be counter-productive to making and releasing product.
Consider policies specific to individual groups/work teams, and apply to each as appropriate. Not all teams operate in the same way e.g. structure, customer needs, market dynamics, speed of change.
Improve training for new hires within the context of the work team. Mylearnings are helpful, but I do not feel as if my team has done a good job of training me.
Job security continues to be a concern across the teams as MSD is frequently announcing major restructuring programs which is exacerbated by market uncertainty caused by the centralization of our sales in fewer products due to the spinoff.  This makes me feel like we will reach a moment which requires us to have a transformational change like when MSD and Schering Plough merged in 2009
Remain committed to and resource R&D.  Enable more promotions to retain talent.
MORE SCIENTIFIC PRODUCTS IN CVM BU BEST ALLOWANCE AND INCENTIVES ACROSS PHARMACEUTICALS  BEST APPRAISALS AS PER THE RATING ACROSS INDUSTRY  MORE HCP ENGAGEMENT PROGRAMMES  BEST IN CLASS INSURANCE AND RISK BENEFITS TO THE EMPLOYEES
Make sure that barriers to efficient team working are removed
Take active and bold measures to secure long term pipeline. Balance quarterly deliverables to the street with investing in our growth.
Remove red tapes, not jamming it in to more process and procedures.
Integrate clear career development pathways into department policies and communications, so that there is transparency in the promotion process; accommodate different ways of working even after the COVID-19 pandemic is "over" (continued work from home availability if job responsibilities allow); provide resources for employees working from home (i.e. subsidized access to a fast internet connection, home office supplies); take on a more active role in promoting social justice and diversity/inclusion within company practices and philanthropies;
Continue to support remote working to help families balance this new "normal" which requires considerable flexibility
Continue to support innovation and flexibility.  Be transparent with business decisions to the extent possible.  Continue to focus on colleagues' mental and physical health and well being.
We still struggle with prioritization as a company and we need to make sure the amount of work we are asking people to support allows them an acceptable work life balance.  I am concern on the high risk of burnout.  While some of it is related to Covid, it existed prior and should be addressed more holistic.  I do see progress in the conversations but action is lagging.
Continue to invest in our teams.  Continue to provide training and knowledge courses that are group specific so the team understands and feels valued within Merck.  I do feel that this has been a focus for the last few years and hope we continue to do this into the future.
Communicate; put resources and infrastructure around areas that Merck says they are committed to...don't say one thing, but then back-off supporting your must-win areas
More transparency around decision making that impact the life of the people and health of the group
I am proud to work for Merck.  Merck has put the employees safety and health before anything during this pandemic by continuing to allow us to work remotely and staying out of harms way.  This pandemic has shown me the true colors of Merck and it's leadership.  I absolutely adore Ken Frazier and hope that the new CEO will live up to Ken's standards of Merck and where it should go.
Continue to update employees on the status of our pipeline.
To really help employees in their work-life balance by truly managing workload and resources. for employees working at their most capacity, and even beyond that, keeping that for long period of time is hard.
Work life integration;  decrease amount of meetings; redundant reports to generate
I was slightly disappointed by Merck's response to those who were onsite during the pandemic. Other pharmaceutical companies offered much better compensation for being on-site heroes with a much lower FTE requirement. Many of my colleagues worked every day since the pandemic started, sometimes with little guidance on Merck's COVID guidelines or how our work was considered essential, and the $1000 compensation pales in comparison to those at competing companies   Many of my coworkers were on-site >90% of the time since the start of the pandemic, but we are constantly told that it would be unfair to reward those on-site if those on-site weren't entitled to the same reward. Given the toll that the pandemic already has on mental well being, it was a very difficult year for me and many of my colleagues to know that we not only were putting not only ourselves but our families at risk and only rewarded once for it with a taxed compensation that was merely a 1% one-time pay increase.
Merck and MSD should continue to keep up the great work, D & I culture, platforms like Open Mike for discussion, EBRG seminars for fostering overall well being and discussing critical/relevant social climate, ongoing events.
Covid showed us that work is a thing we do and not a place we have to go to, meaning that we learned how work can be performed from anywhere in the world. MSD should consider giving more freedom to its collaborators to perform their work from anywhere they want, office, home, coffee shop...   Additionally, several successful and progressive-thinking companies have unlimited vacation. At the moment, I have not even used my 15 days of vacation every year, but I would like to be able to use the vacation days as needed, instead of having limits. This does not mean that I would be constantly in vacation, rather, it means that I would be able to stop thinking as "I have to use the vacation days or I will lose them" and think as "I am a responsible person and I can use my vacation days as I please, as long as I get my work done". I think this really alleviates the stress of every day by giving employees the space and time they need.
Offer more flexibility with incentives (i.e. award of excellence, broaden opportunities to receive Merck stock and stock options) Provide budgets for team building  As part of  New Ways of Working offer new ways to recognizing employees and not just none financial rewards (such as email recognitions, trophies that are pass around to the next person recognized) it demonstrates very low input and commitment to reward employees Broaden opportunities to participate in  internal and external workshops to build  leaderships skills (only a very select few are included)
-It’s been a while since we’ve seen an overview of our extended pipeline.  With the organon spinoff, it would be helpful to see what is in the future for Merck.     -Would like to see managers go through extra training on people skills.  We have a smart group of leaders, but don’t do the best job in providing training on softer skills.  Seems like an opportunity for improvement.  People tend leave managers, not companies.
Distance our company's involvement in unrelated political and social matters.
Reward our people. Give them incentive to stay.
- keep communicating to everyone in the company - thank employees through small things (e.g. 3 days off in CH between Christmas and NY - well appreciated)
I hope company continues the various steps we take to be part of the national (and global) discussion(s). I felt that came from our CEO down and hope that continues with the change in leadership. I also feel we do it in the right way- with a focus on inclusion/diversity.
make sure that employees feel safe about their jobs
Continue to expand our pipeline as Phase II/III are very heavily reliant on Keytruda.  My concern is when this goes off patent what are we going to be left with?  Also, I don't believe our company values different political views.
Keeping doing what you are doing to ensure that employees are okay mentally, physically, socially and progress to the next level of engagement. When employees are well, they perform better and contribute to driving the delivery of the Merck mission.
Keep the innovation mindset!
transform into a horizontal, or decentralized structure
Really continue to push and deliver on the fantastic D&I work and ensure that all perspectives and voices really are listened to and valued.
Standardization of protocol rules, definitions, and procedures across the program.
- Improve the way and where we apply our resources (Data integrity and IT) - Improve our quality organization, by improving roles and responsiblities. - recognize individuals better on the expertise level they bring to the company and to be successfull for vision 2025.
Removing bureaucracy in some of the company areas in order to expedite solution development, look for ways to diversify the business and understand how environment is changing and how to adapt to it
Eliminate the need for multiple levels of approvals to make decisions.  Push decision making to the right level.  Don't hesitate in allowing managers to hire for vacancies to ensure that we are able to meet our objectives - specifically launching new products and returning our current products to growth.
- Take steps to better and more efficiently capitalise on its substantial trial/data assets for value evidence purposes - Provide more information on Covid back to work plans - Lots of "directors", and wide variation in responsibilities among those of this grade
I like all the work that Merck is putting into Diversity and Inclusion as I think this will continue to strengthen our company.
Ensure that resources planning meets the priorities of the organization
Develop and invest in young talent
Keep their political views/party favoritism to themselves. Focus on the medicine and patients.
I think Merck has done a great done with Diversity and Inclusion as a whole
Allow employees the continued flexibility to WFH
Streamline the hiring process to obtain top talent to keep the company workforce the best in the business!!
Take feedback on management seriously and address concerns that are raised
Try to keep politics out of the workplace.
I feel that Merck is making strides every day to be the best. I would just encourage Merck to continue listening to their field sales staff to relay what is needed in the field for us all to be successful. Over the last 20 years, I have seen this get better with time. I hope that Merck continues to pursue excellence in this area.
Cut the meeting load and focus on enabling the labs to be successful.  We don't have the lab based staff to do the work we need to do.  We outsource too much and this inhibits our ability to innovate.  Encourage a culture that embraces the scientific ladder over the management ladder, where working in the lab is seen as success and not career limiting.
Instead of just preaching Diversity and Inclusion - practice it! To me the D&I is just excuse for reverse discrimination. I have observed people with the least experience get promoted with leaving people that obviously have much more experience get left behind, all under the D&I initiative.   I have join the company with previous experience and no one wanted to listen to better ways of doing things. Still the same way today, does not fell like inclusion!!
Remove bureaucracy when it comes to global sharing relevant information to appropriate colleagues - it can hinder our effectiveness.  Consolidate and ensure maintained going forward our online resources, sharepoints etc - too many locations available to seek information
Be more agile in implementing new processes and experiment more
Streamline the procurement/contracting process; set up fair and sensible metrics for budget management for individuals; create career development path for p5/r5 employees...
The pandemic has shown that it is possible to our team's productivity is not hampered if we are not at site. Having flexible options (e.g. come into office 2 times a week) would indeed help work-life balance and allow employees to save commute time. Communicate effectively via teleconference:  considering we have team members who are based at sites other than UG (including ex-US), we should either strongly consider alternating team meetings between sites (instead of expecting everyone to come to UG for a 9 am meeting each time) and/or ensure that those who do dial in are not left out of conversations and can participate fully.
Expand on space and people to elevate capabilities. Utilize "shop floor" people for their unique perspectives and identify employees with higher skill to be involved in decisions and advancements to their group. My particular manager is excellent in developing and listening to his direct reports. The people on my team have more opportunities than people our level due to his encouragement and development.
Compared to peers, we simply take too long to make the right investments, and by investments I mean with non-immediate return. So much of our poor decision making is tied to providing elaborate justification of immediate ROI versus doing what very clearly makes sense. Our leaders just cannot take reasonable risk. Instead we cut, but we cannot save our way to success - at some point we have saved what we can and we have to spend and invest in the future - and we are traditionally poor at that. We do this on pipeline projects and M&A yet we struggle to do it for systems and infrastructure. Digital is a prime example.
What got us where we are, will not sustain us in the future.  We need individuals at all levels to feel they can help Merck grow and adapt for the successful future of our company.  There are still “old school” employees that are not as nimble and forward thinking.  We need all employees engaged and feel that they can speak up and bring about business process changes - not just those at the top leadership roles.
At Millsboro, the bulk of the workload continues to fall on the same individuals. In most departments, there are either not enough people to do the work, or not the right people in the right job roles. This continues to go on, without being addressed by site leadership. People are stressed and burning out. Morale is very low. This site has few leaders who seem to want to do the right thing, but changes take too long and people just assume there is no light at the end of the tunnel. This has become a depressing place to work.
There needs to be better ways to feel involved (sense of belonging). Especially with working from home, I feel very disconnected from my department. I feel like I'm becoming more of stats on a page and there's a lot less visibility to the work I'm doing. There should also be better coaching/training/teaching. The whole manufacturing process is very complex. I'm 3 years into the job and I still don't understand the path to filing.
Remembering what our vision states:  "We aspire to be the premier research-intensive biopharmaceutical company in the world".  We need to spend as much time focused on this vision as we are spending focused on influencing political arguments.
Remember that long term employees have been dedicated to the mission and are not ready to be ignored.
Back to basics was a necessary initiative but remains in the shadows, It was never really implemented. Target 0 have no sense at the level we are considering. Safety must be a priority at working areas but we can't be distracted from business because someone got an acorn while walking in the site park or getting a scratch while handling a stapler doing home office. Focuse was lost and money and resources associate jeopardize other critical activities.
Properly resource programs. Increase focus on supporting career development for employees. Improve gender diversity in senior leadership positions and opportunities
When modifications or updates to processes and guidelines are being introduce, it is important to consider the amount of stress this improvement might imply to all study teams (for its proper implementation) before releasing instructions that may have incomplete scenarios/steps. Changes/updates must be very clearly delivered after ALL implications were taken into considerations
Continue to support work-life balance by avoiding unnecessary meetings before and after general business hours and expectations to commit to working on weekends regularly without critical business rationale.
Compensate employees appropriately to keep up with the current job market. In my opinion, Merck pays below some of the other large pharmas and our health insurance is not as good as others.  If compensation does not increase, then health insurance coverage should be better in the US.
I believe Merck should commit to being a-political and focus on providing life saving medicine for all people.
MSD has been good enough for me, no further advices from my side.
Continue to adapt to the changing times (eg. Work from home, flexibility, increased technology to be used while WFH, etc.).  Keeping employees informed of strategy, priorities, pipeline, etc.
I think there needs to be more of an emphasis on rewarding the mundane exemplifications of ways of working, verses the new and bold. For example, when someone takes the deep time to learn the current system and then experiments with a minor improvement, we tend to dismiss the time that takes and the value avoiding adding change to the organization versus coming up with a "new" best practice. Especially in the non-GMP/SOP space, it can take longer to figure out how others have accomplished something and use their experience/lessons learned than doing something new.
Keep going after the best talent available and the company must do its best to retain the talent that it has currently.  Merck is losing top talent especially in areas where there is direct competition within close distance to that Merck facility.  If an employee has the option of not relocating, getting new challenges and higher compensation; they can very easily decide another organization is right for them.
Empower the teams on the sites and Op units to deliver. Don't micromanage.
Develop and build on people's strengths; put them in positions were those are utilized best; empower them to help the company succeed Foster a more collaborative, less combative cultures; the culture is not as inclusive as it could be, which is reflected in job postings, as well as the toxic atmosphere on some teams Simplify/innovate on processes that foster important activities like scientific exchange
Continue with webcasts from Dr. Nigro and Julie Gerberding.
Allow employees who are part of a bargaining unit to have flexible work arrangements as well as pursue more higher education opportunities or tuition reimbursement for bachelor's degree programs. Provide those in administrative assistant (team support) roles opportunities to participate in developing skills that would allow them to qualify for promotions for different skill sets within the company.
In many positions, the "depth on the bench" may be a single individual with expertise/experience to address questions or concerns, however this is a vulnerability and leads to an imbalance of work and life as even when one is "on vacation" we are still expected to respond to issues.  In order to have the dynamic and engaged workforce, we need to be able to be away from work to recharge and renew.
The Business must be more efficient in the way it works. Here are some examples of things that could be simplified.  There have been many changes in the systems recently. They don't seem to last long enough. The Company must be aware that each time a system is changed, the amount of time that an employee needs to become familiar, but also to be time-effective, is quite a lot (everybody became a trainee). Between last year and this year, I had to do it for 4 systems.  The number of execution resources and reference documents per process shows that our overall processes are extremely complex. Local teams have to create their own tools or apply different local practices to keep track of everything, generating a lot of manual work and requiring many different types of internal meetings.  Local SOPs should only contain the specific points in your local laws that trigger a deviation from the global process, nothing more (1 page).
Encourage better channels of communication between production and production support groups (either through teams or some other platform) so that information can be easily shared between the groups and centralized to a single location Make D&I more than just a mylearning/workforce representation initiative, use it to discuss societal issues and how that can affect us in general Encourage standard work across AH and HH whenever possible, and leverage technology used in HH in AH wherever possible
Continue to allow the flexibility of being able to work from home once our lab work is finished for the day.  Allow the flexibility of non-traditional work hours.
Over the past 10 years we have experiences significant reductions in employees almost every November. As an employee, we always know that if we make it to December then our yearly contract has been extended another 11 months. Merck/MSD asks for our commitment to the culture, business and customers but most feel there isn't the same commitment on behalf of the company.  When you always need to budget your household expenses around the possibility of being part of another round of layoffs it takes its toll on us more than Covid.     Return to growth, develop a strong pipeline, acquire new companies/licensing deals so we feel there is a future and opportunities within Merck.
A better focus to promote from within.  To provide the training and stretch assignments to help put employees in front of the right people to assist with Career Advancement.
Adequate staffing to support the business growth.
Provide more stock to retain employees at the AD level
JUST BE FAIR TO ALL EMPLOYEES AND PRAISE THE PERSON OF A GREAT JOB THEY ARE DOING .
There still opportunities to increase empowerment and to reduce bureaucracy. In some countries MSD should become more competitive in the recruitment market to be able to attract and retain talent. The company should become less US centric in its global communication to its employees.
1. Leaders not having awareness of when we have enough good information to make a decision instead of aiming for the perfect before making a decision.  Many times, this unnecessarily prolongs projects and makes the backlog of the work pile up.  This adds a lot of stress to the folks who are actually doing the work and are already pulled into many directions.  It is great to ask questions but we really don't have the capacity to support 99% perfection.  Can we make decisions with 90% perfection?  To get from 90% to 99%, the amount of work more than doubles.
Employees at Merck have always struggled with work-life balance, and I think the message has to be demonstrated from all levels of management.  I hear the words - but I need to see managers taking the actions themselves - vacations, time out for family etc. I hear encouragement to take my vacation, and yet - there is so much high priority work on my plate, it's really difficult to find a time to do so.    Additionally, it's really important to me that Merck maintains its emphasis on integrity - in the decisions we make as employees (avoiding conflicts of interest), in the role we play in industry (making good business decisions, but not gaming the system, like raising the price of previously cheap drugs), and in the role we play in society (standing up against voter restriction, promoting programs like Merck for Mothers).
Hiring more diverse people
I feel that Merck and MSD do everything it takes to make this company GREAT. I love working for Merck, it has been the best journey for the last 10 years and I want to say how much I appreciate each and every one of my bosses, friends and colleagues that I have met along the way...Thank You Merck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Embrace ideas and best practices that have helped other organizations move forward, accept change may involve pain but will ultimately make the company stronger.
As per pervious comments around customer facing resources and their functionality.  It was also disappointing to be eligible for a sales incentive trip as a result of hard work and commitment during the most trying of times and not have the  recognition both personally or financially.
We seem to be distracted by news and social issues.  Merck is a pharma company. We help the world by  * keeping ourselves healthy (focusing on business) * being productive (making medicine)
We need to start to implement a more agile methodology as our "normal" way of work, and try to avoid the continues release of new SOP's and roles that doesn't help to reduce the steps and processes involved in our daily tasks.
far too many online meetings  no real rigor in decision making  no culture of taking decisions to move projects forward
Stay out of politics. GA voting comments etc have hurt our image
More freedom to work from home even after COVID.
Increase pay structure. Focus on sales results vice metrics (i.e. How many emails are sent, etc.)
Ensure work/life balance and build a culture that is open to failure and embrace change.
1. Hire enough staff to make work-life balance a reality. 2. Reward good performance with generous salary increases.
Break down unnecessary silos so departments can collaborate, and re-evaluate our archaic compliance regulations so the organization can take appropriate & calculated risks so patients can experience better outcomes.
More work from home, less change, more stability.
Merck is a great company and employer.  The resources we have are beyond compare, and the opportunity to apply for jobs that previously required relocation and potentially work them in a remote fashion is excellent.  Keep up the good work innovating the way we work.  Having said that, more work around collapsing silos that still exist would be helpful to produce efficiency and effectiveness in how we drive results.
Work toward ensuring better work-life balance across the board. Working on KEYTRUDA completely sucks up every aspect of our lives and more money does not buy you time lost. People are tired and drained. We have been at this 5 years and have  7 years till loss of exclusivity. You simply cannot continue to hurt your people to achieve the mission.    With respect to racial equality and politics. I am ever grateful to Merck leadership for lending their voice and actions to move the dial toward racial equality and social justice.  I ask leadership to please, please continue to put Merck's position into action -- meaningful action.  You reflect my views and I feel proud to be part of an organization that is bold enough to take the stand for what is right.
Focus on science and building a robust pipeline
More development opportunities.  How can we have opportunities to develop when we are already working at 150% capacity and management doesn't spend time talking about how to develop.
The schedules for projects are reaching a point that is becoming a concern.
ensure MSD policies are used in the same way in all countries, in Colombia managerial team in GDO focus too much in personal views instead of knowledge and experience.
Appropriately staff to enable a balance between work load. There's a balance that needs to be maintained....working 60 hour weeks is unsustainable.
Please abstain from corporate messaging that is not focused on facts or data-driven conclusions.  In the past 2 years much of the messaging was political, hyperbolic, and not based on data.  This could lead to a lack of confidence in leadership and cause dissatisfaction among the employees due to differing views.  Request to stay away from the wider political/culture war that is largely created and fed by the media, and focus on messaging about our company's mission and exciting future.
Cultivate a culture that enables change. When rolling out new systems/processes ensure training is provided and support to have a smooth transition. Example - transition from Midas to Veeva Vault has created many many hours of non-value added work to complete SOP updates.
Effectively support diversity at all levels
Merck and MSD are great company to work and I am so proud to belong to it. The support that we are receiving during the Pandemic is outstanding.
Continue to support employees/ask us how we are doing -- even (and especially) post-pandemic. In other words, keep up the good work!
There continues to be silo culture, us vs them mentality, blame shifting, avoidance of accountability, lack of shared objectives, culture of escalation of issues to management to resolve rather than encouraging teams to sort themselves, defensiveness. This type of negative behavior has lead to palpable tension and job dissatisfaction.
focus, focus, focus. Understand that the cost of "no risk" is exponentially higher than "low risk".  We need to understand the significant cost to the business for driving to a "no risk" level. we should be willing to hold ourselves accountable to lead change in a world in which our politicians are not able or capable of doing.  (e.g. social justice, climate change, elections reform, ..)
Please consider providing employees with the best possible high quality, reliable, high performance technological equipment to complete daily tasks.  Computer-related issues such as partial/incomplete installation of software/application updates and other network/server updates frequently result in subsequent computer start-up issues and decreased performance until restarted several times following a software/app update deployment.  Thanks for considering.
Align above-site requests of sites to minimize non-value-added work.  For example, reporting the same Data Integrity ERMD data in multiple ways to different above-site COEs.  This is a huge time commitment for senior members of teams and does not actually improve compliance.
I am concerned about the direction of our research.  It appears that we are completely aligned to oncology research and it is being accomplished through acquisition.  The most important medical challenge that we face right now is Covid 19 and we have brought forth both vaccines and treatment options that have failed.  I am concerned about our research direction that addresses the our most important needs.
Further embrace the new ways of working to accommodate flexible schedules, time zones and colleague interactions
I think the Diversity & Inclusion movement and support is extremely critical and I appreciate the education and priority on this. The GIGS in Workday are innovative and allows me and my support of my direct reports to seek opportunities aligned to personal and professional development in a way that did not previously exist. One area to improve is to get away from force ranking performance and embrace innovative ways to value contribution from all team members. while equipping people managers with tools to deal with and support outliers.
offer opportunities for ongoing mentoring and growth leading to career advancement
Investing in agility, simplification and empowerment will make MSD a great place to work. I also believe that the definitions of flexibility - how & when we work, collaborate will change. Having a clear direction from the company, in terms of the definition of the future workplace will support as well. Finally, we need to keep our focus on our talents.
Provide resources to support those working remotely long term. Provide flexibility where possible to adjust working hours and expectations for those who are still juggling daycare and school age children
provide their employees with a flexibility to work from home
I've recently learned moving up to the next level will require a complete application and interview process. It used to not be so hard to move up but I've gotten stuck for many years (due to just not being in the right place and the right time - a lot of competition) and now it is becoming harder to make that climb.
Somehow ( and I am not sure how) reduce the number of meetings that employees have on their calendars.  Offer hand-raisers/bridged retirements to employees who may no longer want to work in the current environment of remote work.
If trainings can be consolidated, would make life easier
Put action plans together to address employee feedback.
stay neutral and focus on science.   The world/politics have taken over and I have always enjoyed working here because we all connected over the work we do, science, and positive outcomes.   We have so much to strive for and I know at times we can feel overwhelmed with the work at hand, so sometimes that extra thank you and resources makes it feel like we are appreciated.
Take specific actions to support the employee population on the health side and work life balance vs just speaking to it.
Value diversity and inclusion.  Remove bias during hiring process and focus and hire good candidates who are passionate about making a positive impact on patient lives, really committed to Merck mission and hard working individuals who really value the role and responsibilities.
to reduce level of burocracy; too much duplicated systems
Merck is a phenomenal company to work for, I wouldn’t change anything
Deliver growth and opportunities for employees.  Notice realize and nurture game-changing ideas.  Find a way to communicate that ideas have been received and vetted in a systematic manner even if not implemented.
Improve our direct product payment system.  The Equine product line needs some new products.
Empower employees that actually "do the work" to make process decisions, rather than management that is not on the floor.   More opportunity for raises if employees perform above and beyond. Many employees kick butt all year just to hope for an extra 0.2% in pay.
They should value their employees rather than acting like the employee feeling they are lucky to sell Keytruda and have a job. In my opinion the drug will not sell itself despite what the company thinks.
After 18.5 years here, it is not only what Merck can do for me, it also what I can do to make the company a great place to work and deliver on our mission
Consider allowing positions that can work remotely to continue to do so on a permanent/semi-permanent basis.
Continue diversity and inclusion initiatives. Make sure concerns from all levels within the company are heard and act upon
1) Merck at functional leadership level needs to be more adaptive to the current conditions. Technology development, document improvements and other initiatives are great efforts, but they should be paused to focus on the pipeline programs when more than 20% of the workforce has left the department.  2) Promotion rates need-need-need to go up if Merck wants to keep talent within the company.
Develop better products with science that can compete
Bring new products to the market.
Keep the company apolitical.
In my department all promotions have to be interviewed for.  I don't think this is correct.  There are times when you should be promoted for merit, not when there's a position available.  I work from home 100% and was hired that way and I don't get reimbursed for office supplies, that doesn't make me feel supported.  I don't really print anything or write much and have probably used 2 reams of paper in 5 years, but still this is not industry standard.  I applaud Ways of Working and the D&I initiative and Merck's corporate leadership in the current political affairs.  I just don't want Merck to become an instrument of politics but rather an advocate for all.
Continue to hire managers that have true leadership skills and who care about their employees as much as they do about the company. Reasonable workload and expectations for employees. Continue to take a stance on important events in this country and around the world (i.e. pandemic, racial equality, etc.) Continue providing opportunities for employees to better themselves professionally and personally. Transparency.
Toss this out there.  The workload is very high, and some processes take longer virtually.  Instead of making the employee feel guilty for not taking time off because of deadlines and workloads, some effort should be made to lessen the workloads.  The current approach just adds to the stress.
Invest in its people - fair and competitive compensation for all employees, not just some employees. Fair and equitable opportunities for all employees independant of race or color. Attract younger and diverse talent by offering more flexible working arrangements to allow talent from all over the US to apply.
Be cautious about bringing employees back on site full time.   Make sure it is safe for their return and allows for COVID restrictions to be observed like social distancing.
Continue to drive and manage change management.  I feel most digital changes are not timely completed because the upfront investment is a heavy lift.
MSD can continue to be inclusive and flexible for those working from home as it is difficult at times. Also when the time comes that we can return to the office this change to routine may cause anxiety or concern for employee so planning the partial/full return will be key and engaging with employees on the process would be great.
Some parts of the organization are understaffed.  This leads to inefficiencies and delays.  I also believe that our inability to pay our vendors in a timely fashion creates a poor image for the company.
Address D&I issues openly. Hire agile talent with a digital mindset. Improve the digital literacy of all employees.
IT obstacles remain a constant barrier to getting our work done, and there is little done to address these issues. It appears as if individual heroic efforts are needed to solve an issue without the support from Global IT. For example, removing USB drives was a well-justified and necessary step, but any solutions put in place did not work for our workflows or broke (and no one fixed it). Similarly, IT/Lab Computing refuses to support Linux, and Linux is used in many of our major pieces of equipment. As such, we cannot get data off of our Linux equipment. We've had issues with tickets being closed without fixing the task at hand and continual finger-pointing between IT and vendors, with no one taking responsibility. In summary, IT has made security changes without the input of users at the initiation of changes, does not support the solutions they put in place, and does not take input from users once solutions are put in place.
I realize Merck is working really hard to make certain populations to feel welcome.  But I really feel that there is a gap.  I agree that diversity is important, but don't forget about those loyal workers who have been here for years.  In my opinion, one of the most glaring omissions is that your historical workforce has great value.  Merck is so focused on the young generation, that you are missing those who deserve more opportunity, those that have earned it (not just because of their time) based on their performance. I would also appreciate it if you would consider giving us our benefits back.  Heathcare is taking a huge chunk of change out of my pocket.  Thanks for listening.
use the "new to merck' talent to help shape the future of where we're going allowing for infusion of new ideas and best practices from outside Merck to be applied.  Move away from the "we dont do it that way here at Merck' mentality.
Review whether the people that have been working from home successfully can remain home and save office space for others.
keep talent in the company and dont let them go away
We should hold to our mission statement. Getting involved in issues that have nothing to do with healthcare only alienates those who don't hold the same political opinions.
No comments here
continue to support workers during the ever changing landscape through listening, providing updates, being flexible
Practice of inclusion should not be utilized to exclude Citizens for women with children. Promotion should be done with in the group. Instead of bringing people of mangers form outside with no experience in senior positions.    Revise the H1 appointments in a team take more citizens. Selection process has to be revised. the mangers are playing dirty games to show others are not experienced the people come is H1 are not experienced too. Some I felt have experience from birth.
Continue to offer opportunities for growth as individuals and as a company.
Please check politics and personal beliefs at the door.  The CEO does not speak for everyone at this company, and it is making it increasingly difficult for those of us who don't agree with everything that is said in the news media to continue to be proud to work for this company.  These public disclosures of opinion are not unifying, and are in fact dividing us as a country, let alone in our workplace.
focus on people manager capabilities and attitude
Keep on listening to the needings of the employees, as you are doing now, and address these needings.
As we transition into life after the pandemic, Merck and MSD should ensure that we retain some of the best practices (more support for working from home, emphasis on more efficient meetings, etc.) that we had to transition to during the pandemic.  I think a full transition back into the office will be stressful for many, as a result of family responsibilities / child care and anxiety / uncertainty on the long-term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Merck needs to continue to hire and promote the right people for the right job at every level.
I do believe Merck is trying to navigate the important diversity and inclusion initiative. I like to believe most employees understand and are fully supportive. We need to see this take shape in all levels of  the organization. But, we also need to guard against having our current talented and successful employees missing out on opportunities. There is a fine balance which I'm confident that Merck can solve.
Deliver the message that everyone counts in this company.  We are a team and every player on this team makes this business thrive.  Additionally, in this virtual environment leaders need to be cognizant that they truly have to go the extra mile to maintain a meaningful connection with their direct reports.  Currently there is little connection and true concern for one's well-being.
Increase oversight of poor performing and new employee's as they cause such a vast amount of work to rectify poor work, maybe a small increase in oversight at beginning of each new employee starting work with MSD. Possible also include more assessment at interviews to assess capability of potential new candidates...not sure if possible but would be ideal.  Then keep doing what we are doing, increase the MSD / Merck news and increase awareness of our awesome company. We love it lets make evreyone else love it as much as we do.... more connection to real world issues and show how we are solving them.
1.  Continue to focus on innovation to bring more effective therapeutics to patients more efficiently.  Innovation in modalities of medicines and in technology we use to develop and manufacture.  2.  While seeking diversity and inclusion, work at not losing focus on "content of their character".   3.  Being careful to not use the company towards a political preference nor agenda in an otherwise divided country.
The company should prioritize internal communications prior to news releases. Morale takes a serious hit when you find out the product that you're working on is canceled via the news instead of an internal, personal communication. It makes me feel like I'm just a number in the company and not a valued employee. Additionally, the company should streamline HR hiring processes and focus on talent retention (especially with identified contractor conversions for identified contract talent).
I have been very impressed with Merck. I really have nothing to add here.  The people have been great; my mentor is fantastic and my manager is also fantastic!
Increase the bonus frequency for Hospital Division.
Modernize, invest more in IT.
Ensure diversity in clinical trials and in research positions
Make sure the CRDs are following the processes and not encouraging use of extra trackers that are not part of the process.  My study also does not have a diversity challenge so we need to use the 37% and my CRD is making it challenging to recruit on the study so it is a fight between the clinical team vs the CRD on a challenging TA.
Understand the reality of their employees at different locations and keep focusing on our wellbeing and safety so that we can also commit to our goal of "patient's first"
Merck executive leadership acknowledges that innovation is a key part of fortifying the future,  but the change systems are broken and improvements are often ignored.  If an area wants to implement change the best plan is to get a regulatory citation.  Then the change gets approval and support.    there are numerous people trending data and identifying issues.  Need more people implementing change and fewer people talking about it.
The company from the top leadership should make sure they remain neutral with opinions of what is happening in the world and support employees regardless of their status.
Should continue to highlight the importance of D&I with the strong emphasis on Merck specific strategy on underrepresented racial groups.  Should avoid change for the sake of making a change - there is so much value generated for our patients and customers as part of Keytruda and Oncology programs - vast majority of us contributed to achieve these values with the support from executive and senior leaders by providing us laser focused strategy and a stable work environment.
Keep focusing on developing and delivering products and resources to help people and animals live healthier lives.
Simply, the highest goal should be to improve the work life balance. It is all work all the time at Merck.  A lot of lip service is given to work life balance but nothing is done about it.
The culture needs to improve. The morale of employees needs to improve. The past few months, seeing so many people leave the company has been extremely troubling and concerning for me. Especially seeing people that have left after so many years with the company. This is my 20th year and I love where I work. However, I don’t feel like I have any consistency right now. I don’t have a manager or director. I’ve reached out to people to get help on career development and I don’t hear back. It is stressful and makes me feel like I don’t matter. I want to have people who celebrate where we work together and feel proud to work here. I still feel this way but many others don’t. It can be draining not having positivity around me. I feel we have to take steps to keep people who want to be here. We need to make them feel a part of a team. We need to celebrate and reward them. We need to acknowledge the work they do - both in role items and above and beyond items.
Continue to promote and enable people to work in a diverse and inclusive environment. Continue to make available tools that help employees perform their day to day duties with accuracy and confidence.
Diversify pipeline. Improve R&D productivity
Look at the 24/7 operations and the pay. This is what keeps the company going after the discovery. You need to balance the pay with the union workers and management.
I think Merck and MSD do a great job as is. I do feel training could be improved upon and IT could be much improved.
Continue promoting racial justice and equality. In addition, create more opportunities for employees to move around the company so we can continue growing.
Truly operate in a more agile manner.  Welcome new employees and ensure they are well supported in challenging traditional approaches to the business.
I feel Merck is moving at the right direction. Keep it up.
I think Merck has done a great job keeping us informed and supporting their employees both psychologically and job security wise throughout COVID while at the same time, keeping the patient front of mind.  Thank you Merck!
I know for one, I get much more work accomplished working remotely. While I am not saying I won't go back into the office, the company definitely get's more from me while remote. I working longer days, however, it doesn't matter as I am safe in the confines of my home and I am able to work at my desk w/o a mask as I am home. No foggy glasses. It would also be great if the company was to offer the COVID vaccine to it's employees. I would sign up and stand in line.
Listen to employees feedback
Career growth for Employees and Salary increments.
nothing merck is a great company to work for
We could come back to work (post COVID) with a stronger focus on retention. It seems easy for a well trained Merck employee to move externally. Perhaps a modest investment in our environment and culture would make people less likely to leave. I'd like to see initiatives and metrics associated with this. This would show that retention is a priority, and perhaps make people feel like they can raise "quality of life" issues and be taken seriously. Now more than ever we'll need to learn to work side by side again. So perhaps some people focused effort would be a worth while investment.
Empower decisions to be made at the right level though effective tier process (MPS principles).   Global roll outs need to be more linked to how sites actually work - there continues to be a gap between global functions understanding of sites - it can be too theoretical.  These roll outs also need to incorporate digital for efficiency, not just for the sake of it. Focus on career development opportunities visible and accessible - let's get properly global!
Possibilities for upward mobility, succession planning, better communication across departments and a general push towards having work life balance.
Continue to look for ways to connect with our customers on a human level.  Our products truly make a difference in peoples lives and the better we connect with them, the better they will understand Merck's Mission as well.
Important to know what our customers/stakeholders/patients needs are. Further simplify internal processes to be more customer focused rather than create extra administrative work for "project owner".
Merck is doing a GREAT job! no further comments.
We need to fix the resource issue. By lightening the workload to a reasonable, manageable level, people will have time to take their development in their own hands and pursue opportunities. This goes a long way to make people happy, and committed to the very important work that we all do.
Hire managers from within.  Currently Merck places zero value on experience and thinks that everything that one needs to know is written in a SOP.  If they can't find candidates with experience in the assay or area they are hiring for then maybe they should increase the incentives.
Continue to provide resources for flexibility for all employees, and resources for mental health.
Become more diligent about total portfolio prioritization, and be willing to make tough decisions at the highest levels to stop some things (products, programs, projects).  We cannot continue to "do everything" and yet cut 25% from our budgets: working more efficiently will not cover that gap alone.
I feel the company goes above and beyond for us. I have nothing to add at this time.
The company should focus on its core business: research, development and commercializing human and animal pharmaceutical products. If the company focuses on that, good things will follow for the company and the world. This past year, the company has not led the world in that regard. I am uninterested in management's opinion on current events and political matters and their related activism. The company's unwavering support of management's homogenous opinion on these matters, as exemplified by the CEO's communications and Sync stories, distracts from the company's core business and alienates employees with different perspectives.
The workload is hard to keep up with. With everyone working remotely my work day will start at 7:30 AM and won't end until sometimes 6 PM with me eating lunch at my desk while working. I work in IT and I think our org tries to make too many changes at once. Instead of focusing on a few things and doing them well, we are tasked with too many projects and doing minimal work just to get them done. This year IT has the Organon spin off, the shut down of the Brussels data center, "blue sky" which is moving everything to the cloud, implementing teams instead of jabber (where people don't know if they should use WebEx or teams for meetings and there is confusion), "ITLT technical debt" which is an effort to remove older software but instead of giving 6 or more months notice so teams can plan they are coming to us telling us we are out of compliance and need to change immediately, and the list goes on. I feel that at Merck the culture is "if you aren't changing you aren't doing your job".
Continue to strive to be a great place to work but yet still the best vaccines on the market.  In other words keep doing what we have been doing!
Continue to communicate with employees to ensure the correct information is received and assumptions are not made on the path or direction of which the company is going.
The company should not get involved in politics in the US.
Transition MMD from a culture of "get it done" to one of "do it well". Incorporating WoW, D&I and overall psychological safety better at the AD level where a gap in adoption is sometimes observed
We need to be focused on what we are responsible to do, deliver best in class medicines in an honest and ethical manner.  We need to stay out of the radical Marxist politics of our day.
Continue to develop new ideas that allow employees the ability to overcome obstacles the are experiencing in their work environment.
Carry forward the increased flexibility that is currently afforded during the COVID-19 pandemic once the company and the world at large settles into the new "normal."
Truly give employees that can perform jobs remotely the ability to do so - not just during Covid but into the future.  Merck sites have not done a great job in the past to promote work/life balance.  This is a great time for a restart and for the Merck SITES to show employees are valuable and their personal well being is just as important as the company's well being.
Increase focus on Diversity of thinking and behaving
Evaluate (and share) productivity outcome from the ways of work initiated during due to COVID (i.e. allow flexible hours, extent vacation usage to the end of the year, work from home for non-lab employees). If the outcome actually improves productivity steps should be taken to continue these options.
Provide field representatives the resources we need. It takes too long too to receive materials and get approved. Increase bonus pay for representatives. It has been 10 years since our bonus has been increased, which is unlike other companies.  Merck needs to not have representatives pay out of pocket for a larger, more comfortable vehicle.  It should permit representatives to choose a vehicle that accommodates them without penalizing them. (A vehicle within reason).
Take note of what small and medium companies do to be more nimble and handle change better.  Merck is too big and doesn't respond well to change even though management frequently speaks about finding ways to improve and adapt.  Too many people say one thing and do another.  Also, just too many people "need" to be involved with multiple aspects of the business when less can get the job done if given the responsibility to do so.
Continue to innovate and maintain positive product portfolio.  Post pandemic, flexible work arrangements such as mixed work/office based jobs would be great.  Continue digitisation and modernisation.  Increase in non-work related activities - such as team bonding, sports and social etc once safe to do so.
Offer competitive compensation for new hires so that we can attract top talent. We cannot attract top talent if we target industry-average compensation. Constantly ensure the compensation of current top talent is competitive within the industry, not just at an industry-average.
Stop buying small startup companies and look for ideas in house.
Remove roadblocks (amount of governance, levels of approval, bureaucracy), allow scientists adequate time and resources to develop the science and not be so held to business drivers and timelines.
Allow for increased resources to support current employees.  Currently feel overworked and unable to manage workload expectations.
Merck needs to hire the right person in a management position in term of interpersonel skills not only to focus on technical skills. When you manage a team there is more then technical knowledge, you need to be open to different opinions, you should value differents approach and backgrounds. If there is only one mindset then you might be missing multiple aspects of the issue
Promotions are delayed or blocked. it's impossible to reach R6 level in our department, whereas other departments do you have several R6 positions. There is inconsistency about promotions handled by different departments and there is a perception that you have either to change departments or leave the company to achieve a promotion.
Hire more people to support the ever-expanding business of Oncology and Infectious Disease.
Don’t forget some people are facing unbelievably stressful situations in their lives. Mental health issues/support  will continue to be important for employees. Thank you.
Better work/life balance
Keep full time WFH/flexibility.  Make it easier for employees to get needed raises. I am an underpaid manager M1 and have had numerous conversations with my manager about getting a significant raise however nothing ever happens besides the max i can get through the annual raise and it is demotivating as my manager also agrees my job has changed and has more responsibility and stress, and I will take another position within the company since nothing seems to improve
less talking, faster decision making, simplify the process
Stay out of politics and focus on our pipeline.
Continue to ask for actual feedback
I think Merck is already taking the steps to make this a great place to work. Hopefully they continue down this road. I just wanted to take this opportunity to extend my gratitude for Merck and the way they have handled the pandemic. Merck has made me feel supported and like I have a voice during these uncertain times. Decisions cannot always be easy and there is always room for improvement but I am grateful to be working at Merck and hope to do so for years to come.
Keep supporting the work-life balance, keep supporting the remote work, keep fostering collaboration.
Merck has more bureaucracy than most organizations.  This tends to slow things down and make change difficult.  There is little room for out of the box thinking.
Pay attention to employee attitudes in the workplace
Merck is to be applauded for the unique partnership with J&J to manufacture COVID vaccine.  However, what prevented Merck from being a frontline player at the outset of this pandemic with the development of a vaccine?  Why did our vaccine candidates fail in early clinical trial?   Merck does vaccines and has done them well, so the failure of our COVID vaccines was surprising and disappointing.   Is our innovative R&D not as innovative or as strong as it once was, or is it somehow handicapped in its mission?   Could Dr. Hilleman do today what he did all those years ago in vaccine development?  Does this reveal that although we have become "leaner" and more flexible as a company over the years, there is work yet to be done?  Are leadership changes needed throughout the organization; do we need a fresh perspective?  Answering those questions may lead to solid steps that can be taken to position Merck to more effectively deliver on our mission.
Take a look at our benefits and notice how weighted they are towards families with children. It is understood that these benefits must be provided to remain competitive but it leaves many people who do not have children with more work and short on overall compensation. We need to find ways to provide equal compensation and benefits helpful to all. Even something like gym memberships or a sabbatical.
In light of the pandemic, working from home and managing work-life balance has been incredibly stressful. I suggest Merck/MSD look into options to help employees find this balance.
When we return to the office, I hope that they will allow the Administrative staff to have a regular work from home date(s) every week.  The past year has shown that we can be just as effective working from home as we can be in the office.  I am thankful that I am employed by Merck.
Pay attention to what the market is telling us. Uncomplicate the processes in which products are developed. Look at additional resources that can help make current work streams more productive. Continue culturing a environment that is enabling of the people within the company.
Continue what you are doing around D&I, COVID safety, building out IT support. Up the value placed on infrastructure, facilities & safety at the WP PA site. Spend some active time empowering the safety teams & engineers who keep our buildings running, our sidewalks in working order and our safety information up to date and current. We can't do great science and manufacture the best products if we don't have good support systems. Hours spent hunting down safety information or who to call to get a freezer fixed are hours not spent running samples and generating data that support key strategic decisions for the pipeline.
I think MSD is an innovative company that is always in the vanguard of investigation and also looking for ways to keep its employees well compensated
I think that MSD is doing great. MSD is a great place to work. I really appreciate the step that MSD took to support the Johnson & Johnson vaccine production.
Management should empower their leaders instead of everything being controlled from the top down. Great people are leaving the company because reorganization’s have happened that make no sense at all and managers are not able to lead .
Taking a look on how we can evolve within the area and maintaining our resources and processes up to date with the industry.  Review how competitive in the marketplace the company currently is.
Ensure that the benefit of people WFH continues after the pandemic. Stop donating to politicians who support insurrection, fight to limit voting; and  question or fight against the legitimacy of our democracy in the USA, and find ways to protect our business that doesn't involve US citizens paying 2-3X as much for medicine.
As part of of D & I provide equal opportunity to  all age groups
Accelerate key talent early in career to key leadership roles
Do more than pay lip service to mental health by making it safe to talk about...not just provide links to resources.  People are stressed out and are afraid if they admit it, they'll either be blown off or perceived as weak.
Merck/MSD has a strong focus on socioeconomic issues which makes the company very inviting. However, there is room for improvement within Merck/MSD to modernize and streamline systems and business processes to facilitate our company as an industry leader.
Offer option to work remotely after pandemic ends.   Many are nervous about wearing masks all day and having to mix in with people.
As I understand, our organization has faced the significant challenges in top-line and bottom-line due to the covid and etc. I feel like the P&L pressure is getting severe and severe which is very understandable. We need to continue to take further actions to overcome the current challenges and continue to share our brighter future snapshot moving forward in more details with all employees.
clear goals to reach the next level
I am disgusted with how political Merck and Merck leaders have been. I abhor discrimination of any kind. Merck needs to get back to making great medicines for all people, not being so “woke”!
To focus more in people, prioritizing on developing the people (talent management)  and continue working on People & Culture.
I would like to see more involvement from external areas making decisions and how those decisions impact my area, more inclusion and collaboration rather than the "process now and deal with consequences" approach.
I love to work at Merck!
Place more sincere emphasis on the people in the MRL Labs, Manufacturing and Quality Shop Floors, distribution and logistics, and Human Health sales reps as that is where the value is created.  Our level of overhead in payroll and benefits costs at above Site/above Lab locations has ballooned over the years.
I think the ability to work from home more frequently due to the pandemic has led to an increase in morale in my department.  I would really like to see this trend continue even when it is not necessary due to the pandemic.  It has really been a positive step for me in achieving a better work/home life balance.  I myself am less stressed and it appears many of my colleagues are as well.  The ability to work from home saves many of us time and money when we don't have to commute to work.
Listen to your employees, other way it will remain an empty speech. Help people to move in the right direction to be successful at work. I love this company, however, what had been communicated in the townhalls is not the reality that we live on our daily basis.
Give more employees a fair opportunity for advancement - at all levels, in all areas of the company. I have a team of entry level staff who would love to move into higher positions but there is so little opportunity made available to them. And their additional fear that they will be the ones let go, or outsourced, because of a perception that it's the lower level roles that are dispensable. It's heartbreaking for me, as a people manager, to see how little the company cares about the opportunities for staff who are not ADs or above. Everyone has to start somewhere - we didn't all come to Merck as an AD.
Once people can go back to the office, make it voluntary with the exception of true key meetings. That way, we can be more open to attract the best talents regardless of geography.
Resource teams appropriately.
Improve the HR and Hiring process. It takes entirely too long to post jobs, interview, hire and train someone. With internal moves the person who gets promoted often has to stay in the old role for an extended time to help train due to lack of resources. Hire more people to help.
Merck’s salaries are below industry average, at least for specialty roles.  It’s demotivating to be at the top of your salary range and not receive raises, or just a lump sum (that doesn’t impact future raises or pension).  Many people leaving for other similar jobs with significantly higher pay scales.  Also, a promotion with only 10% raise is hard to swallow.
MSD should adapt company objectives to employees current working conditions, impacted by pandemic as other competitors did. At GCTO, company objectives, milestones and workload remain the same, being extremely hard to retain employees. In addition, corporative solutions to facilitate remote work are not effective enough and are arriving too late, in the meantime employees are burning out, leaving the company or asking for medical leave, while working condition are worsening as pandemic continue to evolve.
Continue to share information and solicit input
Occasionally, there is suspicious activity.
Ensure that Company priorities have the appropriate resources dedicated to them to drive the best results. Strategic thinking is key and if individuals are asked to wear 2, 3 or sometimes more hats at the same time then success in all fields is unlikely and instead mediocre results in all disciplines is likely the best result.
Talk more about a want to win in certain areas.  Seems like we are OK being fast followers but that's not aligned with the strategy.  Rather than broad application to all areas, focus to some and really invest.  With regard to MPS, have a much clearer vision of how Merck views Six Sigma type programs.  Should everyone be trained and familiar and have green belts, or should there be experts that roam the company?  Digital has tremendous promise, but it's also extremely broad.  From the highest levels talk about how we can win in digital with specific goals for each division.  There are a dozen efforts trying to make data easier to manage.  How do we connect them all into a single platform?  Provide that directive from the top of the organization.
establish expectations for boundaries. everybody seems to be working hard/too hard because there are no expectations of when you should be done for the day.  Additionally, if leadership can be role models of this and communicate clearly when they are taking time off for themselves and families, this would be a healthy aspect to the company.
As many of us work from home, we have extra time before 9am and after 5pm which was previously commute hours. However, I don't feel any relief and my WLB getting worse, because I keep receiving meeting invitations, many of them regular weekly and daily request before 9am and after 5pm. It is hard to say no to such meetings, especially important ones. But I do hope the company can provide advice to everyone to respect prior 9am or 8:30am hours and only arrange meetings that are really essential.
Stop discussing politics and angry/hate social topics within the workplace, at every level of management.  If you want to unite the Merck team, regardless of their views,  JUST focus on science, the business and practicing kindness and treating people with respect, period!
Focus on addressing human disease through innovation and ethical conduct.  Lead the industry by demonstrating ethical pricing, real risk sharing with payers (including governments) and stop assuming moral authority over those with different perspectives.
Please continue to allow the personal caregiver/child care benefit, it has been the biggest help for our family throughout this pandemic!  The fact that Merck has extended this benefit every 6 months has allowed my wife and I to fully engage in our professional lives and let our kids flourish with the nanny Lifecare has provided!  If it were not for this benefit, our children’s academics would have suffered.  I’m grateful to serving this company for the past 16 years of my life, and its the only company I’ve ever worked for!  (First job out of college in 2005.). Merck has always been there for us, and I appreciate the company, people, and culture.  Thanks for giving us the opportunity to provide feedback.
Merck should continue to have conversations and actions regarding diversity, equity, and inclusion so that it becomes sustainable and embedded into our culture.
More focus in the products is needed. I feel we are lossing the focus on the product and spending more time in additional tasks which will distract us from our true business
support employees working on covid projects better and recognize the number of hours and dedication required to work on a project at this timeline
Celebrate everyone who wants to do a good job at Merck -- not only the younger workers.  Older workers want to be part of diversity and inclusion also.
1)  I would love to hear about some of the innovating technologies Merck is investing in to make our products better and more competitive - for example, I'm currently working towards my Masters in Immunology (thanks Merck!) with an emphasis on vaccine development.  There are SO MANY novel ideas out there to make vaccines more effective, more robust, and longer-lasting; however, Merck doesn't seem to be using any of them.  Are there reasons why?  Are development products looking into them?  It would honestly be nice to know, but since I'm not in MRL (though I would love to be) I have no vision to this.  I think keeping employees informed of these types of things will help us take pride in our work and be able to stay knowledgeable about the company. 2)  I wish Merck would initiate more programs to provide for job shadowing to show what roles are out there for us to pursue, and what the responsibilities are. 3) Tuition assistance, while better than it used to be, still needs improvement.
Remote opportunity in post pandemic future so employees can find affordable place to live and don't have to commute and have a more time after work to stay healthy, take care of family and manage the job related stress level.
Specifically at Biomark to allow all departments to see the pressures and day to day activities of the other departments.
ensure new employees have the time to complete thorough onboarding and training and that there is a clear training path in each department. I often work with several people with the same job in other departments and they all do not have the same level of understanding and knowledge. Sometimes it seems there is a prioritization of assigning responsibilities without an assessment of understanding of all the various responsibilities.
Hire students from YearUp - a company that Ken Frazier supports and that will prove we, as a company, are serious about Diversity & Inclusion.
Continue to strive for new innovated medicines.
Merck can provide few days off(Shutdown) to provide a mental break to employees
Trials need to be well-planned; there should be a contingency plan for any stepback, with minimum effect to resources (HC numbers). In addition, global level SOPs/guidance documents should be written in a more specific way, most of the decisions should not be left to local decisions; even so, global documents should be able to cover all quality aspects (audit/inspection standards). Finally, work-life balance needs to be improved; even before COVID, most people were working over 1 FTE now unfortunately it is way worse. In my opinion, it is not fair to say it is the person's own responsibility to balance the work and personal life while giving him/her double work and responsibility.
Merck's contribution to Covid pandemic has not been positive, and I have not seen any successes.  Our partnership with Pfeizer is not going to help create much money..  The Merck stock price has performed very poorly over the past 2 years and the stock market has been performing very well during the same time.  What will happen in the next 5-8 years if we don't have new contributions to help create additional revenue?
Work hard on diversity, inclusion and equity to make them as stronger values of our culture. Break the cultural differences between divisions, most relevant to my role is between MRL and HH.
Really seems a since that everyone is swamped with work and need additional resources.
Walk the walk...make active efforts of coaching/training to remove unconscious bias and promote continual improvements on ethics.
Equitable distribution of benefits, opportunities to grow and compensation: We are lagging the industry standards and many colleagues are leaving company for better benefits and work culture. Employees who have been with company for over a decade leave overnight because of lack of developmental opportunities and competitive benefits. We should develop a robust internal employee development plan, provide opportunities to grow, provide benefits that match the competitive industry and make Merck a company where people would like to come and leave only at retirement.
Continue to build on the diversity already established at Merck. Also continue adapting with today's needs.
Need better defined promotion opportunities for senior members in my dept.
Provide subsidized childcare.  Have the leadership come up with a clear return to work strategy for each site and communicate it -- right now we are all waiting to hear what will be happening.
As a Latino I opened up the 2020/21 Stockholder Report, looked at the Board of Directors, sit on many leadership calls and see no one with a Latino name. I believe that as group that is growing we are underrepresented. If we are a growing group, are a group that can benefit from our medicines, we need to also invest in developing, growing and advancing talent here. Coke, Kellogg and others have actually had Latino CEOs. Why not Merck? Why not a Latino leading the Latin American Business. We need to draft better, develop our farm system better.
Merck needs to get better at rewarding ALL colleagues for their contributions.  Merck also needs to be better at prioritizing projects & capital investments.
There needs to be better understand of all the work and stress that is being asked of employees because the company will not back fill any employees. We have a huge lack of resources and lack of recognition for doing activities that are well above our current jobs.
I think Merck and MSD should embrace diversity and inclusion by promoting leaders of EBRG's.  Have metrics and expectations and plans of how you are going to diversify the leadership team.  I think saying it is great, but there should be an action plan and accountability for how we are going to make these things happen.  Have a pipeline of EBRG employees who display exemplary leadership qualities that allow us to prepare them for increasing leadership positions.
Merck is an amazing company.  The compassion and concern for employee safety during the pandemic along with the diversity initiatives have truly been inspiring.  The opportunity to complete these surveys requesting employee feedback on a variety of questions/concerns is also a sign of a company that cares and that you want to be a part of.  I know change is a key component of research and the medical field and it cannot go away.  However, any steps to reduce or minimize the amount of change would be beneficial.
Bring back shared job opportunities for working parents without the threat of termination due to the adjusted workload. Offer a vaccination program to employees required to be on-site. Offer physical therapy services on-site. Have free gym memberships to support healthy lifestyles. Offer more bring your child to work opportunities rather than one day.
Management is out of touch and is not aware of the toxic and negative work environment they are creating.  Perhaps that should be an area of more concern.
1). Rethink the focus on metrics and instead think about how the metrics support the knowledge the representative has of his/her business. 2). Absolutely love the flexibility with yellow iin the RAT tool allowing local decision making. 3) many other pharma sales organizations are allowing reps into the field using their best judgment.  The continued holding back of allowing reps in the field is detrimental to customer relationships and business impact.  It is awesome to have the virtual tools we do and I love to see these continued.  But the integration with full access to our customers will really make a difference in terms of customer relationships and business impact 4). Todd Andrade’s fresh & motivating perspectives are awesome,  thank you for the confidence in the chronic care sales organization and treating us as the sales professionals we are. 5). Alex Petrovich continues to be a motivating, inspirational force in these unprecedented times.  Thank you for your leadership Alex.
Consider creating more opportunities for remote workers by making more positions remote that previously weren't classified as options for remote workers after seeing success with many of the "in-office" positions executed remotely during the pandemic.
Balance workloads better among roles and teams.  Develop people and encourage cross-training and understanding roles outside of work groups and how each area is interdependent. to our overall mission
I still think our company is moving too slowly and not willing to change the ways of working enough to get things done faster and better. I don't think we invest enough in our people. I feel that if you are identified as top talent you have many doors open to your and this company is a great place to work. However, for the "average" talented individuals they feel differently and don't see a long-term future with our company. I see a number of young, smart, talented people come and go within our company because our middle management and sr. leaders are still under the "old" Merck ways of thinking or honestly don't care how the work gets done. I feel Merck has been good to me, but I see so many people leave because of poor managers, lack of development/support, or just fed-up with our processes and politics. I know we can do better, but it's hard to change the ways of working when many of the middle managers have been with the company 15, 20, 25 years, old Merck is what they know.
reduce the amount of webex meetings
Worry less about tracking every little detail and focus more on how sales are tracking.
Allow for better work/life balance and when that is not possible add additional compensation for time/work that is above and beyond expectations. Tie progress in improving diversity of our work force to manager compensation.
A renewed strength in our ability to contribute to our community’s healthcare is needed.  There are legally compliant ways to move the healthcare needle. We have seen other companies do it.
Re Covid .. to make very sure buildings are CLEAN every day .. bathrooms included .. and HVAC is sufficiently filtering air in building, since windows do not open.
We need to evaluate how we return to work post pandemic.  The ability to work at home frees up time for me to spend with my family and child that I normally wouldn't have.  While setting boundaries between home and work can be difficult when working remotely, the benefits of the added family time are priceless.  I love my job and the people at Merck.  The pandemic has shown me though that family time is the most precious time.  Without flexibility post pandemic, I'd be willing to leave a job I love to find that flexibility elsewhere.
Offer better IT support services.  Contacting the help desk is very lengthy and not always successful.
We talk about needing to take a break, find work life balance, etc. but I do not see anyone in my area leading by example. I am routinely back to back all day long beginning at 7AM, sometimes earlier, it is exhausting.  Perhaps experimenting with no meeting Mondays or no meetings on Monday morning could help.
Ensure work is distributed evenly.
Respect work life balance more; get rid of the forced distribution for performance reviews; consider either higher titles or higher salaries to retain talent.
*Year-end evaluations should be focused more on individual accomplishments where the individual is competing with his/her self and not others.    *Less talk about politically charged issues that could be divisive.
Getting feedback, and listening to the difficulties of workers and revisit the concern - example: recent implementing of goggles for production area which is a good move of safety. However, the goggles fogged easily & when a person perspire the goggles interior collected sweat & its disturbing the person vision. In addition, it could be worst when the person is doing a chemical drum charge with gloves on or in full gear PPE.
Remove all the noise from our jobs, let us take more risks and be a true oncology organization
Focus on employee growth and development. Increase transparency. Make clear the way to address gaps that will allow individuals to work towards goals that result in their promotion and more actively reward, support, and encourage action taken to improve all elements of the company from how we deliver to our employees to how we deliver to our patients.
They should have enough resources to support all the work/projects.
make contract workers to regular MSD employees. At least in Switzerland at WAG our contract workers are doing the exact same work as the MSD employees and for inclusion it would be a great sign to "include" these employees, give them the same benefits an MSD employee has. We should not have those differences within our company, our labs, this would help to provide a good working environment.
A way to attract and retain talent is to incentivize through an employer assisted student loan repayment program as well as the tuition reimbursement program.
Merck has done a great job of providing us with the resources we need during these trying times. I feel confident in the direction our company is going.
Scale back on virtual meetings that are repetitive and unnecessary. It prevents re-entry by blocking up time and is perceived to be more of a calendar filler
Empowerment and transparency
Continue to focus on rapid access by our field sales teams to current and cutting edge data & resources that can be shared with customers.  This helps our teams to be a true valued partner to our customers and accounts
Job sucurity is a major concern for many people. We understand the impact that the pandemic has had on the overall business but their is a strong fear that jobs will begin to be lost. Any transparency that can be provided will always be greatly appreciated.
Continue to be honest and transparent with employees about changes within the structure of the company.
As new work comes in (acquisitions, etc), prioritize existing workload if resources are not able to be added.  We should not assume people can continue to absorb more and more work - some work must stop to keep doing new things.
Update work from home politics to current and future situations, where we need more flexibility to balance work and personal life and to be able to keep working from home
1) Clarify processes, roles and responsibilities - lot of time consumed by finding out, if something has been done and if not, who should do it. 2) Apply our values "dynamic" and "visionary" in addition to "responsible". (some extremely outdated and ununderstanding decisions made by regulatory and compliance people regarding use of new digital channels; exhaustive discussion on things that have not changed, only channel changed) 3) More collaboration and stronger connection between Human and Animal Health science-, policy-, branding- and communication-wise.
Continue to show appreciation toward employees. Appreciated employees will always do more then what is expected, which will lead to greater than expected outcomes. Continue to support, develop, & promote current employees to keep the historic legacy of Merck alive and strong.  We as a company will only be as successful and strong as our own people.
Address potential job insecurity fears due to major changes (new CEO and spinoff)
Clean up the customer data base. Be aligned with our Merck overlaps by not creating barriers with Priority and Prospective lists.
Continue on the path of prioritizing DE&I work and speaking openly about racial injustice, I am so proud to work for a company who is addressing these issues with courage.
We need development plans that are actually utilized and encouraged. We don't have a bench. If someone leaves the company at band 400 or above, we should have 1-3 people who could step into that role. That isn't always the case.
Enable more flexible work locations for people to utilize - specifically in big city hubs like NYC. Reason being this will attract and retain future talent, as location options are a large driver when making a career decision.
Colombia DMC has to rethink the way they are engaging and retaining its talent, since the start of the pandemic the sense of team building, leadership and purpose is kind of diffuse, we are feeling kind of stranded and forsaken, with management pressuring for results without taking into account work/life balance, that makes the sense of purpose fade away, replaced by frustration. Any additional work we decide to take is merely received with a "thanks" and no economical/emotional incentive, salary is not all, that's true, but new ways of encouraging and engaging with the collaborators should be sought
Give opportunity for scientists on R route to grow as it is being given to M route.
Merck should promote a culture of Thinking Diversity and inclusiveness in addition to cultural diversity. Thinking differently is what ensures that we continue being an innovative company. In general managers specially those that have never worked outside the company do not support new ideas
improve the basic salary
Merck is choosing to provide social and political leadership, for example with the feedback on the Georgia election laws.  I do not agree with Merck's position because I feel it is appropriate to require identification to vote.  If Merck is going to be vocal on these types of issues, will this be a more non-partisan approach?  And will Merck comment on social and political issues in other countries such as China, Russia, Saudi Arabia?  I do not feel it is safe to speak up within the company if I am not aligned on equity vs. equality, critical race theory.  I am very much aligned on the importance on diversity and inclusion, and I absolutely support creating an inclusive and diverse workforce.
Focus more on the business--how the functional areas are structured and how they work together, streamline processes and ensure transparency across the board. I'd like to see companies in general spend less time pontificating on political and social issues.  We are bombarded with that stuff from all angles nowadays and it would be nice to come to work and be free to focus on perfecting the job at hand:  creating medicines that help people.
Give new employees ideas on what career paths are ahead for them. There seem to be an abundance of opportunities here and it can be somewhat overwhelming. If the manager can see what strengths and weaknesses their employee has, guidance into the next step would serve as a huge benefit.
Reduce effort dilution - we have highly trained scientists who's time and effort are taken up with things like constantly having to fight to get refrigerators fixed and equipment moved - this not only takes up their time, but also limits our research capacity when equipment isn't usable.
Continue to allow for the flexibility (remote working, alternate schedules, etc.) post-pandemic even when we are able to return to the office
I think we need to do a better job of evaluating in-licensing opportunities and applying the same level of rigorous scientific analysis to these that we apply to internal programs.  In my opinion, we have spent a lot of money in the past on in-licensing sub-optimal programs and drug candidates.
Upper management should educate themselves on politics before speaking publicly. Stay out of political discussions. It makes my job more difficult with my customers.
I got to know there are a lot of resources and classes available from My Learning. When I went in to assign courses to myself, it is hard to choose since they are so many for some topics. I am wondering if related personnel in the company can utilize their expertise to rate the classes for us and we can start from those highly recommended ones. Or maybe, another survey is needed for each department for what courses they have interest in to help their career development. The one with the highest common interest can be started first.
More on-line connecting - I'm a new employee who is onboarding virtually- it is obviously challenging and my team is absolutely incredible, just tough by nature of new job and virtual...
Balance new initiatives and evolving ways of doing things by removing old. New initiatives continually increase workload and stress when not balanced with removing other work and efforts. Any net gain in productivity or change to how things are done to improve upon our mission comes at the expense of a net gain in time and effort, as very little else is "stopped". This increase continues to challenge work-life balance and stresses true "teamwork" by continuing to erode collaboration time.
Develop LCM initiatives quicker and with more anticipation. Keep on investment in people skills & capabilities. Promote more OneHealth culture helping empowerment of veterinary medicine and Animal Health division. Keep on investing in growth (promo budgets). Focus on digital transformation and end-users strategy. Accelerate MAHI integration. More focus in the balance of work and personal life
Give better raises.  2% each of the last three years is below expectations.  In general I think wages are below market.
Provide managers with the resources they need to ensure their teams working from home are well equipped. Many of us are still working from a single laptop making it hard to complete certain work activities.
The legacy Area Business Leaders are not positive or skilled people. In order for this company to move from a transactional organization to a customer centric strategic partner to our customers, we need positive, knowledgeable and experienced leaders.  The addition of Steve Blank, Brad Kaegi, Elizabeth Fox and Dieter Elbert have been hopeful. I hope they are able to make the positive changes needed.  The West and South leaders have created a negative culture; borderline bullying people in the way they communicate.  Communication is always negative; nothing is ever right, we need more free product, marketing is always wrong.  Their respective managers have picked up on this negative behavior and are trained in the same manner.  We need to also look at the structure of the organization; the way hierarchy is  creates silos.  Perhaps further defining role responsibilities and career paths will break down the barriers of "this is not my job"
Many of the leadership/decision making committees in the past year have provided feedback to research multiple avenues to an issue, however the resources to do that are rarely addressed.  When making those decisions resources or prioritization should be included in that process.
Fill the late stage pipeline. Focus on core priorities and tell people that when it comes to non-core matters, "I don't know, let me get back to you" is an acceptable answer.
Too much favoritism --- if you are liked, you do nothing wrong.  If you are not liked, you do nothing right.  Some can be influenced by what others say and make decisions accordingly rather than making their own decisions based on their own experiences.   In addition, I've seen a "do as I say and not as I do" mentality that fosters a feeling of disrespect.  Lead by example!
Revamp the compensation framework. Large cohorts of new hires come in and promotion levels and pathways are limited which creates an overly competitive environment.
More holidays, free lunches
Continue the way as we operate today and we think about future
Keep up the current strategies and don't lose our mission and direction. We have found a good path, staying on it is not easy. Now is the time to be careful when deliberating changes. Change is still good, but change for the sake of change derailed other places I have worked. The constant need for high level people to prove they made a big great change, especially people in new executive positions, can drive premature decisions.
While I feel the DI initiative is very good, it seems we are now being beaten over the head with it though.  Maybe you could back off slightly?  In regards to ways of working, you can't assume that everyone has an appropriate setup for working from home.  I did not buy my house with the thought that I would have to allocate an area to use as a Merck office.  I see that "open concept" is coming to the sites, but work areas should be assigned.  It is not fair that we have to start and end our day sanitizing the entire workspace and having to cart our desk essentials around every day.
We need to ensure that we not only remain innovative, but take steps to do things more efficiently.  We value MPS, but it is not applied equally across all organizations.  We can learn a lot from industry benchmarking and we need to do that more to push the edge of what Merck and do and what we can deliver.  The COVID programs forced us to do that, but now it's up to us to continue to push the boundaries, and not back down from trying new things.
1. We need to articulate our global position, instead of mission.  The position incorporates the mission. 2. Focus on outcomes, not reactions
Focus on Science not politics
1. be more competitive with salaries -- I am frequently contacted by recruiters offering me $30-40k more at other companies for the same band level job.  2. have leadership more strongly manage workload prioritization and encourage work-life balance -- in our organization you're seen as more valuable if you develop more "things", but working 70-80 hours per week to manage that workload is not sustainable long-term.  I know of several excellent employees who will not work in my organization because they know they won't have any work-life balance.
When everyone returns to work, consider having the individual employees decide how many days they need to come into the office.
practice what you preach. e.i. inclusion, how about getting some in put from the people decisions effect like operator, in the meetings.
Merck and MSD should continually evaluate the workload vs. capacity to ensure they are aligned. Also, as the pandemic situation is over, there should be an active evaluation of the ways of working going forward.  Any improvements in how we work should be maintained and any inefficiencies or additional difficulties accepted on a short term basis out of necessity should not become a normal expectation.
COVID-19 Vaccinations for the employees and their families around the globe.
Remote working for non-lab based employees should be considered/approved after the pandemic.
Better balance the meetings and trainings there s a lot of these that keep coming.
Continue to provide the support and understanding regarding the wellbeing of employees. Happy employees make the best employees! Work and home balance is the key to success.
We need to recognize our failure on COVID and understand that we are not future ready; that we are standing way behind behind our competitors. This might trigger a positive reaction and catalyze internal change. Merck was once known for it's top notch R&D, we are now becoming an M&A company and externalizing most of our products manufacturing.
I do not believe our workplace is any place for a discussion of our political beliefs or other personal beliefs.  Other employees have made me feel extremely uncomfortable with their open discussions about where they fall politically, who they supported in the election, and repeatedly discussing the vaccine and outright asking if I have gotten vaccinated yet.  I even had a colleague call me during the workday from a pharmacy to let me know they had an "extra shot" available if I could be there by noon.  I feel very uncomfortable with all of these situations and it has truthfully made me question my place at Merck.  Additionally, seeing our CEO in the news media representing our company with HIS beliefs sets the tone for this company and those who work for it.  Ken Frazier's beliefs are not the beliefs of all of Merck's employees.  His doing this only further encourages the divide within the company.
We are on the right path with the initiatives that have been underway. Continued focus on mentoring for D&I and having the message spread out beyond Merck and MSD
Given that we're destined to be working remotely for the foreseeable future, finding unique ways for teams to gather for team building activities and other types of celebrations of successes or milestones.
Continue to allow individuals the opportunity to work remotely on a full time basis.  Of course this would apply to those that don't need to be in the office to support other on-site functions.
Reducing the redundancy of CAPA tracking programs i.e. Reliance and Enablon. We never even received training on Enablon and are expected to close out items. In an effort to push the work down to the lowest level. There seems to be so much extra work because every department is trying to come up with new computer programs supposedly to increase productivity but ultimately it has the opposite effect and increases stress. The additional mylearnings, safe by choice etc... We also have no Gym on this site like others do, nor are we provided a stipend for our outside gym membership.
Fully embrace and balance with personal accountability for performance, the concept of individual's control over flexible work (location and calendar control).
we are still too risk adverse and formal in our decision making.  decisions are generally not made at the right level.  the decision are suggested by the people at the right level and need to be formalized through several layers of management.  In many cases, each level of management needs to review it before it can be shared with the next level.    from a risk side, we get questions about how small biotech companies would do execute the same work.  when we discuss how things would get done in that environment, we get initial approval to try the small biotech way.  This lasts until the first suggestions need to be ratified as decisions.  During the decision making process, we hear all of the reasons why WE can't do it that way.  That its not the way we do things.  we also run into a lot of delays in decision making from our leadership.  they generally don't like to push back on other stakeholders and say we need to delay this work until an appropriate time.  they just refuse to decide.
Allow for more reasonable WMA timelines that do NOT include weekends and holidays, but do include enough time to provide quality work.
I feel that there is no equal opportunity to growth.
Be focused on classical liberal values not the extreme left and right political voices that are loudest. There is a growing trend in American politics to be extreme and more divisive on both sides of issues where people can reasonably debate and disagree, and companies are one of the few places where people of different stripes congregate. Not every disagreement is a microinvalidation.    I would like to see intentional openness to many viewpoints, free speech, respect and acknowledging there is space for different political or ethical viewpoints on issues. Merck also needs to be aware of how it shuts down conversation when they embrace falsehood and inflammatory rhetoric from the party in power rather than being a fair, neutral actor.
Continue to be inclusive and support employees
Reward talent for remaining at the company vs. people leaving for increased pay.
eliminate bureaucracy and barriers to work more efficiently; look at overall processes and question the status quo
With working from home, the new ways of working = more & more meetings.  No one calls each other anymore and everything is structured into meetings at all hours of the day.  We need more work/life boundaries and flexibility.
Outline a path for promotions and new job opportunities
Continue to make our positions on social justice clear.
Diversity, inclusion, retention
Executive leadership should stop taking very public sides in politically divisive situations.  I come to work to work, not to continuously hear about politics.
Acknowledge that admins are part of the "team". Today is Admin Professional Day. A global "news" communication was just sent to all employees. No mention that today is Admin's day, no suggestion that Merck views admins as integral to the company's mission but a nice shout out to Meryl Streep's dad. The notion that admins aren't worth any recognition comes from the top.
I would like to see more equality between the business divisions - one rule for HH and another for AH. I think we need to work harder to deliver on our promises to customers and employees alike & I think we stand to gain great information by involving our customers in some of our key business decisions more regularly than we have done in the past.  Sadly I think there is an increasing undercurrent of worry about job security as the pandemic progresses too. This all adds to stress levels for staff and I wish there was a way we could all be made to feel a bit more secure in our roles.
Empowerment and autonomy at all levels of the business are important things to growing the company and developing talent. An emphasis on development and avoiding unnecessary meetings would further this mission.
As we begin to emerge from the pandemic, it would be fantastic to discuss how we transition from work from home to the new normal. Simply shifting back to how we were pre-pandemic means we'll miss the opportunity to think creatively about options (e.g. hybrid, shifted office times etc.) now we've proven to ourselves we can work just as (if not more) efficiently in such a model. Commutes in busy cities are both time consuming and de-energizing. Cutting back on the number of days or shifting the times we commute might be a huge upside
Need to look closely at teams with overlapping responsibilities since there are redundancy in certain roles hence creates a negative culture in working groups.
Stop focusing on D&I!  It’s virtue signaling. We are already a diverse workforce and by dividing into groups (Employee Business Groups) it only promotes future division. We are “One Merck”! Right?!
Do a better job of recognizing employees for their efforts during this time.   I know many, many colleagues in the industry who received "battle pay", extra financial/personal incentives for their work during this time.  Merck requested an exceptional level of effort from their employees and then hid behind the scorecard to take money out of people's pockets.  This, in my opinion, shows the true intents of the company.  Make money, keep Wall Street happy. I was really disappointed by Merck's response to their employees' efforts and it was an  eye-opener for someone who bleeds Merck green.  It undermined all the talk of employees being our most important asset.
I think everyone needs to turn off their computers at night and when they are on vacation.
push responsibility for working practices down to department heads and not use EY so much
Greater/Continued resourcing of the extreme ends of drug development (Discovery and Commercialization):  If Discovery is better sourced to find (whether in-house or external) new molecules with favorable development criteria that makes everyone's job much easier.  The same for resourcing Commercialization, if we are capable to bring ANY molecule presented to market in a fiscally and scientifically sound way, that agility opens doors!  As far as maintaining a great place to work, just continued spend around market research for comparable competitor benefits and make sure to always stay AHEAD of that curve.  Let societal trends and the open market do the heavy lifting on how best to please our workforce and just have in-place a quick implementation strategy.
Approval of new products that position company in better competitive edge. Faster action to urgent medical needs (we did not capture the market for COVID-19 as quickly as other pharmaceutical companies.
Stop focusing on media concerns of politics and inclusion.  I feel more exclusion because of it and I am not in a minority grouping
Utilizing tools to allow for setting goals based on historic, trends .... large systems generally take longer to add formulary products vs smaller systems. Our goals are not set to adjust for easily attainable trends.
Better tools for managers to discuss diversity and inclusion
Better resourcing staff to reduce burnout and stress
Reduce administrative burden to implement work (e.g. the extensive and increasing justifications).   This will increase motivation and productivity.
Continue to solicit, listen to, and act upon employee feedback
I feel that Merck/MSD was already an inclusive environment. It appears now with all the new trainings and special interest groups that have emerged that Merck/MSD was NOT inclusive? It can be disheartening to have it appear like that.
Encourage better work-life balance through actions and not words.  Restrict non-critical Email and Teams communications to business hours only.
- discontinue the talent management program - it is not a true measure of talent but more how one or two people view an employee - foster greater connectivity of employees while working from home - celebrate employees who have balanced a great deal
Continue to support their employees and hire managers that actually manage and have a clue as to what is going on in their department. I truly love my job but hate the lack of teamwork and mismanagement I have been seeing within our organization. Some people have been working very hard through the pandemic and some have not but everyone is treated the same. I'm grateful that I only work directly with one other person and we are a great team, it's when we ask for help from others that we get push back.
Innovation, Employees engagement in company recreation activities and Focus Groups
Leading by example at the senior leadership level. My functional manager does a good job of "walking the talk." However, my perception changes as I examine senior leadership.
I think the company/employees have done amazing things since the pandemic and I believe once we get to "normalcy" we will continue to be a superior company.   I believe people have been even more productive since working from home.
-Give equal opportunity to people from different backgrounds and ethnic groups, isn't this what you keep saying "diversity and inclusion?" -The directors need to stop favoritism within their groups and stop the but kissing during department meetings. It is so obvious. -Develop talent - it is April. I have not seen any opportunities although I have requested these. -Directors need to start listening their people - we are exhausted and you keep pushing for more and more and more.  -Directors need to support us. How do you expect us to manage a trial when we have non-performance CRAs (this is not new to the company, this has been an issue for several years that nobody wants to address), we also have entry level CRAs (these individuals may have Oncology experience but they have never monitored) in most cases these CRAs don't know what they are doing. -Some CRA Managers don't support the CRMs when there are CRA issues. There are several CRA managers that never respond to emails nor help.
Ensure the organization is agile and flexible in responding to evolving trends.
Consider implementing a free day off for all employees to encourage time to rest and reconnect with family/friends or a week without meetings in the summer.  Many other pharma companies are already doing this.  While taking vacation time is already encouraged, many people do not take their time off b/c of all of the meetings scheduled.  Why not have a week without meetings in July or August - people do not have to take their vacation then, but it will be a company-wide slow week.
Processes : Simplify processes and SOP Decrease/ automate/ externalize admin work to concentrate on added-value tasks Simplify and clarify the "D"   Communication (external)  Communicate more rapidly and efficiently externally on our mission, our committment, our contribution to improve Health and to cure diseases
#1- implement requirements for Line Managers & Directors (for instance: CRD/CRD-like functions): to take people management & leadership trainings) always crucial but even more so during this past year #2- solicit feedback from employees re: management skills of LMs & Directors (by default, continuously - not just arbitrarily or "on demand") #3- assess employees on "soft skills" (this is tied to #1 & #2): and not only with respect to standard metrics/company-wide objectives (reflecting Merck CORE Values & to help promote healthy team dynamics, employee growth & stimulating work environment)
keep on working and investing in the people
After working through this pandemic for so long, we are all at point of burnout. It would be great if the company mandated certain teams/depts to be "off" and shut down for long weekend/week.  Everyone feels relief to be off at the same time without pressure to log in/catch up.  I understand it is not possible for the entire company to shut down - as our patients count on us - but if there was a way to come up with a schedule across the company- maybe it could help with burnout feelings.   It is hard to stay self motivated for a long term project.  I love working from home but the days are long. If had a normal life outside of work - the virtual part of working would be great.  People could still travel, makes plans to see family, friends or colleagues..  and that would make the work/life balance part better.   People are not burned out from zoom meetings -they are burned out from ground hog day over and over with nothing on the horizon to look forward to (social events, etc.).   I
What else can we be doing for the patient?  That is what this is all about.  Support materials, support groups, prayer partners for those that have cancer. Do we have a committee working on just those types of things for patients?   Trying not to follow other companies but truly being a trail blazer in what we can bring to patients outside of our therapeutics
Merck IT support (global support) needs more improvement so I can be more productive and deliver results on targeted project timelines
Focus on science and stop woke corporatism
Make processes easier and turn around times quicker for Customers!
Empower employees.  Create a safe environment for sharing ideas.
Ensure people feel valued and really challenge where we place our resources.  Some departments seem very over-staffed while others are under-staffed.  Additionally, keep politics out of work.  While encouraging open, honest communication and ensuring we value differences in people is critical, becoming political is not helping our work environment.  It's dividing people more than anything I've seen in my career.
Set the company scorecard up for success, instead of penalizing employees for a pandemic that's out of our control
- Continue investing in people and their development - Become a company that constantly looks to innovate and generate new ways or ideas to do things better for our customers - Build a stronger community between cross functional teams
Merck and MSD should take steps to make the Covid-19 vaccine available to it's essential employees.  I see Pfizer employees and their families, and now GSK employees getting vaccinated through their workplace - yet nothing here at Merck.  This does not make me feel valued.  I plan to retire when I reach the age of 50 in less than 2 years.  There are things that should be changed here to improve the efficiency of the work, yet the company will not remove the barriers.  It takes decades to get things changed for the better.
Have stricter environment rules. For instance, compensate flights of employees by tree planting to remain carbon neutral. Enhance fleet program to include electric or hybrid cars.
Evolve culture to promote and support innovation and new programs and initiatives that often get slowed down or stopped due to conservative risk tolerance.
Streamline processes and move core/center from US perspective - too many company culture elements are influenced by MSD being an US company. Several processes are still too complicated and with too many approval steps or too much detailed instructions.
Continue with the new ways of working and continue to transform to meet future needs.
Improve and accelerated diversity and inclusion at all levels. Moved away from the norm of promoting within your work/support group due to your own comfort level with that individual(s).
See response above
Continue the great communication that has been present throughout the pandemic. Communicate progress of achievements and create a safe transition for back to the office. Reprioritize and eliminate work no longer relevant to the mission and Expedition 25 to enable laser focus of what is most important.
To improve company’s systems
I feel that people are burnt out and don't feel like they can take vacation time off to discharge and still need to be connected during time off just to manage through workloads.  This isn't a pandemic related issue this has been going on for a long time at Merck.
Put funds into resources that directly help us in the offices and customers value.  Bring back access to English and Spanish resources for our customers.   SIMPLIFY and make much more user friendly the applications we need to use to do our job on an iPad.  Simplify the way we update customer accounts, find internal Merck sites (Diversity site for one!) We should be able to type into the search bar in Nexus for direct access to interior sites.  Simplify things like MyMerckAccounts or the ability to connect customers to our contract.  These little things add up to entirely too much wasted time in the day to perform our job.  Bottom line... SIMPLIFY.  I had to listed to an hour long teleconference about how to use an Outlook App!  If it takes that long to go over the basics of how to use email....someone should rethink the program!   Programs should be simple and intuitive for the end user.
More focus on customers (outward focus to their business) -> improving products, versus financials and profitability (inward focus on our business), profitability comes by focusing on our products/value and customers not by being hyper focused on spreadsheets.  Take input from field and effectively turn those requests into improvement, the field is mostly ignored today in the direction.  Improve short term strategic direction and decision making, too slow today in decision making to take advantage of this today.
Don't know
A reasonable expectation of workload. Current work demands are greater than staffing can support.
At site-level, improve communication between departments.  Make disciplinary process less of a hindrance to removing poor performers. A former colleague was employed here two years longer than they should have been.
1. Stay out of politics.  2. Allow the employees the opportunity to decide if they feel safe to go out on territory with customers.  It’s very confusing to our customers when we are out for 3 weeks then suddenly we are shut down and bothering them remotely.
Continue to speak loudly on diversity and inclusion such as sharing D&I hiring tips, continuing to share metrics on D&I, etc.
Motivate employees with opportunities for growth, especially for people staying in their current jobs.
Create policies about meeting times and trainings about how efficiency can be implemented on workplace.
Decrease the silos between departments, promote managers who are able and care about employees instead of just follow instructions, dial back micromanagement on employees.
Stop making it so difficult for sales reps to sell products, ( ie. TDDD process, no alcohol at MMFs, bring the science back to discussions and not messaging )
Enable additional headcount to allow for appropriate work/ life balance
Tangible/concrete goals for what company/who we want to be in 5-10 years time from both a business and public health sense.
Merck leadership needs to realize how hard everyone is working.  We need management allow the employees to take a pause before diving into the next assignment especially when employees need to shift to support COVID initiatives.
provide equal opportunities for everyone
I remain stunned at how some individuals treat co-workers and suppliers. These individuals seems to be clustered in areas which leads me to believe that the behavior to be condescending, "We are Merck" attitude, refusing to be informed about impacts to raw materials/supply chain, their study is more important than others is accepted. For my part to combat that I push for facts and make sure some understands all circumstances but many times these individuals/groups do not care and carry on. That is the most discouraging aspect of daily life and having to be subjected to or witness someone else be be treated as less than an intelligent human being.
Become a true global company, and not a US-centric company which has a global presence
Ensure balance between work and personal life
Merck executive leadership should stop getting involved in politics and forcing their narrative in the workplace.  Not everyone has the same view point and it will create an environment where people are not free to speak up. There is no place for politics at work.
Take a stronger stance on explicitly encouraging employees to get vaccinated. I realize it's a touchy subject with people who don't "believe" in vaccinations, but those of us who do trust science shouldn't be penalized by working with people who refuse to get vaccinated. I also realize this can't be strictly required for legal reasons, but it should be encouraged as strongly and explicitly as possible.
Continue working on implementing a wide variety of Ways of Working, revise our policies and processes to ensure alignment with D&I,  support our colleagues in Mental Health, stress, workload and time management, provide robust tools & resources to our managers to help them dealing with current situations.
We need to continue cut down on red tape and ease some compliance rules within reason - take some calculated risks to drive commercial results and products to patients
Keep doing what they're doing - focusing on our patients and our people.
We have been pushing "empowering" instead of "controlling" and "work in teams" instead of "silos" at Merck but in reality I am not convinced we are there yet.  New ideas sometimes get ignored or criticized without constructive feedback.  We are also tackling so many targets, modalities that it's difficult to keep up.  Dead or low POS projects initiatives sometimes do not go away.  Any possibility of a portfolio clean up twice a year?
Continue to drive an inclusive culture.
The pressure to preform and engage with customers during the pandemic is too great.  The company, industry and world are going through a challenging time.  We can not expect the same performance, or metrics as what we could pre or post pandemic.  Patience is the key to success.
I would love if Merck would allow more permanent remote work and offer more flexibility (4 day work week).
It would be great to have more insight into the work we do for the people that do not work directly with products (in MMD and MRL).  Having Town Halls or something similar to Employee Business Briefings that share more details about our portfolio and the impact that we have on patients would make me feel more connected to the mission at Merck. It can be difficult as someone in a Global Support Function to always see how what we do impacts Merck's mission.
All Merck employees need to feel empowered to do the job they were hired to do.  "Ways of working" has helped with this; however, I still feel that many employees are hesitant to speak up and to take risks.  In order to deliver on our mission, we need to be nimble as an organization, have our voices heard, trust one another, and be empowered to take risks.
Update and enhance our tools and systems; improve training (trainings at Merck are focusing on the "what" but are lacking input on the the "how") in order for people and the company to be successful.
Be more strategic and proactive about hiring resources to support increasing workloads, instead of doing it when things are dire and not taking into consideration that additional resources and time are needed to train new employees up to speed where they can positively contribute.  Reduce administrative burdens on scientists so they can focus on core deliverables.  Provide managers more guidance in how to have effective development conversations.
There has been a mass exodus from the oncology team and it doesn’t appear that the powers that be are listening to why people are leaving.  I am concerned that we are losing many talented people who are making lateral moves.
Proactively manage potential changes that might come under the new leadership of the company
Continue to pursue ways to achieve agility.  Bringing in new systems like REDS is always a challenge
Focus on the employee connection- working remotely has created a feeling of disconnection. Adding leadership changes on top of that with little "live" communication fuels that feeling. We need more than just the EBB. Our leaders need to have personas that all employees can connect with. We need more transparency. Investing in our people- making committments to develop top talent and really driving it. In pockets there are leaders who excel at this- we need to clone them!!
If Merck was able to add more resources more easily/rapidly it would make a big difference in the employees workload. Many of us must work 14 hours per day and more due to the amount of work we have.  I've seen colleagues across the world working at 2, 3, 4 am and go on with their workday after it.  Many work that amount of hours during the weekend as well because there is just too much work to do and not enough resources to do it.  This is absolutely unhealthy and unacceptable.  The work gets done but at what price?  After a while, the employees burnout or quit to go work for another company that respects Work Life balance. The health and wellness of the employees should be a top priority for Merck.
Continue to re-evaluate increasing salaries to better compete with jobs/salaries of like jobs with other pharma companies; continue to provide and evolve health and wellness support for employees; continue to create opportunities for employees to expand their skills and engage in the creation or development of new ways of working or new projects that will impact our company and those we serve which will help to build a stronger culture and ensure we keep the brightest and best
Continued support for advancing our technology/IT platforms.  Continued support for the intern & co-op programs to develop the next generation of Merck professionals
Parallel conflicting disruptive changes.  Risking sub-optimal solutions. Resources overstretched.  Pause.  Reevaluate.  Reprioritize.
MSD seems to have missed the mark with recent acquisitions, particularly with COVID items.  The company also seems to have missed the mark with external communications involving strategy and changes to the business.  Very little is known about the Organon spin-off (perhaps by design), our direction "post-Covid" and "post-spinoff" seems exceptionally cloudy.  I think the new MSD, post organon, should take a serious look at marketing our brand as we look to become more of a nimble growth oriented company.  We'll attract better talent, which in turn will help enable our future.
Improve - IT support. Tools we use are overly complex and do not talk with each other “interoperability”. Invest in tools to eliminate manual work. Need to prioritize - we seem to prioritize everything which unfortunately results in prioritizing nothing. Meetings have increased in frequency and now start earlier and end latter. Training - My learning has become a bit onerous - duration of certain modules can be streamlined and same message can be delivered in a short succinct learning. Need a balance -
Continue with the automation and DI journeys (paperless environment). Improve global systems communications- some systems too slow due to the amount of people using them; others systems with not enough user licenses causing delays in the daily activities (Ex. Trackwise); Improve Systems compliance (ex. GLIMS - issues reported are causing delays and re-work). Improve the process of specifications updates due to compendial changes.
Taking more proactive steps to avoid employee burnout. If facing challenges to fill certain positions in order to full resource teams, take a hard look at why (compensation compared to competitors, work life balance issues, etc).
Merck has done an amazing job during the Pandemic keeping us informed and supplying resources to make our jobs and lives easier.  I can't think of anything more than what they are already doing.  I am grateful to work for such a great company.
Continue to allow for and encourage remote work where applicable.
Continue to ensure that people are allowed to have differing views and opinions and those will not impact their job.
As we move beyond the Pandemic, keep an open mind in terms of work location.  It will be nice to return to the office but the expectation should be that this is done on an add needed basis, when face to face interactions add value (vs. a requirement to come in a set # of days). We demonstrated that we can very successfully work from home.  This option provides a huge benefit to employees in achieving work/life balance.  Leadership should not lose sight of this unplanned yet successful experience and build upon it as a New Way of Working.
Be more innovative or strengthen the corporate affairs at country level
IT systems are fragmented and inadequate. Facilities support is stretched too thin to keep up with requests.  There is no onboarding or continued support for employees. We are expected to conform to new systems (IT or equipment) with zero training or support.
By trying to be inclusive, we seem to create exclusion at times.  It would be good to keep this in mind as the workplace is not the platform to address the politics of the country and the world.  I think it is great that we have groups and initiatives for many classes and groups of diverse people, but in doing so, we are minimizing some others that are not considered "minority".
Engage our customers more at a scientific “peer to peer” level
the company should highlight -both internally and externally - the different perspectives that go into researching and manufacturing new drugs. From those with disabilities, to military, to LGBTQIA individuals, to everyone else all have a hand in making sure new drugs are able to go to market.
CORE-MRL is  adding too many processes and has become unsustainable to innovate as all we do is chase process. The process burden has increased >2, whereas (study mgmt) support has gone down by >1/2. Processes are put in place by CORE Ops teams with incentives to make these “fool proof,”  and keep on adding. They don't feel the burden of these processes. We have personnel to audit these processes, but not to support these processes. Auditing is done for projects +2-3 years past, which is really time consuming. Trivial studies (literature review of costs) with little risk to Merck are now subject to DRC. You have to get into a list to get to DRC. Risk-benefit of additional processes is not evaluated. Small changes in protocol warrant full review. AE/PQC language is updated continuously, has to be accommodated during minor updates, causing delays. I challenge management to reduce process burden by half to help improve innovation. Perspective should be “streamline with acceptable risk.”
Too much emphasis is placed on initiatives and things outside of regular work. If they want people to participate in them they need to lessen the overall workload. You can't just add more things to people and expect them to get it done lessening the pressure in other areas to compensate.
Continue to embrace Diversity & Inclusion
Shift to growth mindset across the company.  Currently there are strong cultural differences across departments.  Many departments are so risk averse that it is impossible to get anything done.  There are tons of inefficiencies.  We are all working towards the same goal and it does not always work like that in practice.
Simplify processes.  Take a lesson from smaller more agile biotechs.  We can't continue to morph and change daily and then te;; employees they are empowered to do what it takes (ethically) to get the work done
Continue to bring down barriers to create opportunities for women and minorities in stem.
I will answer all questions "strongly agree" until I know the results do not impact the company scorecard.
Launch of new innovative drugs on the market.
Too much emphasis is placed on non production related activities or things that are outside the basic scope of my job duties.  The company seems to have decreased support functions in the areas of HR and other areas and placed this burden on floor managers at the same time they have increased our commitments to safety, quality and regulatory functions.  This has the affect of spreading managers too thin to focus on our greatest resource, people.
Merck should keep up with what they are doing they are doing the best they can possibly do
To many different digital tools/systems  being rolled out within a short a period. No true SME's leading trainings due to newer systems.  Frequent loopbacks due to system links or trainings containing outdated or broken links, and an over-reliance on overseas  IT help staff.  Language, communications and speedy resolutions remain ongoing challenge.
Re-evaluate employees roles and create a define responsibility
Continue to take steps toward inclusion and diversity
Continue with excellent communication and collaboration
Invest in timely training of new managers on MSD's Ways of Working. Learning 'on-the-job' is not a good strategy for issues such as, having a growth mindset and diversity & inclusion.
Better succession planning is needed at levels beneath only the XLT or LT. Certain smaller departments rely on the FTE resources they have and as some become eligible for retirement, which should be noted, or decide to move on, it leaves a gap in the resources needed to effectively get the job done. Often FWA are not the answer to a position that requires expertise and extensive training.
I believe we do have that company now, its a little that we should take care: ammount of work in order to have more space for the balance in our lifes, and also the home resources that we have at home for work.
Merck is very conservative and provides layers of compliance on the external network.  Case in point change controls.  I have learned that we are one of a very few that makes the process more complex.  We treat external like internal in many ways and should really think of better ways to streamline.  The Quality Risk Assessment process is broken.  I dont think its very useful, takes hours upon hours to complete, and is burdensome to the external partners.  The process does not have the right amount of facilitators and the software is difficult to use and search.  I just think we could improve these two very painful processes, we could be much more efficient without adding risk.
Continue to listen to the concerns of the employees while balancing priorities
I love this company and it is a privilege to work here. I like that we are focusing on everyone's health and well being. Also, mentioning political issues that are important is a plus! Just overall love this company!!!
Empower individuals and teams to define their post-pandemic work experience with a balance of virtual and in-person work environments. Organize agile teams around key outcomes breaking away from traditional programs that spread resources across too many concurrent initiatives.   Drive diversity and inclusion through non-traditional approaches (i.e. representation in leadership teams even where the org structure is not representative). Eliminate the pension reduction penalty that exists for individuals that may be separated before 55 if leaving prior is not their choice.
Merck and MSD should continue the values and actions already established.  I consider myself fortunate to be part of Merck and MSD.
We still allow internal process and politics to slow down our response to customers.  I have an example in the UK of a Local Data Generation proposal being held up via MSD processes at a time when we have to stay agile to remain competitive. This LDG was approved eventually but around 12 months after initial proposal which rightly angered a really important customer. The communication and sense of urgency was just not there.
Take right decision when profiles don't fit our values particularity hostile profiles particularly when many investigations by ethic committee have been done
Continue the outstanding precedent Ken Frazier set for taking a stand on issues that we have a responsibility to be part of the solution around
Keep focus on employees well being.
Less process, more agility,
Continue adding valuable assets for employee benefits, consider stock options as rewards for more levels of employees, keep the conversation and policy inclusions around diversity and inclusion visible to all levels of employees, keep up the good work 😉
The corporation(Ken Frazier) is good at calling perceived injustice in the United States but why be involved in a voting rule in one state like Georgia wen the new law makes voting easier than in NJ where Frazier resides?   The company continues to support these causes but only if it is a liberal democratic cause at the expense of conservatives and their view points in the company.  It appears one sided and not well thought out for all inclusive employees and shareholders.
Simplify and streamline and, unfortunately, become a smaller organization better fit for our pipeline, our portfolio and our external environment.
Better salary less wellbeing programs and other type of compensation in that category ( I understand that the vision might be different)
Move away from paper work orders and use only electronic work orders.
To many people feel like they are being burned out, this is not sustainable. I have never been as aware of people complaining like they are doing now. Sure some of this is as a result of the NewCo project, my only point is, we all need to make sure to get things back in balance asap from the top down for ourselves and our staff.
leaders on all levels in to be more engaged with their teams
keep doing what company is already doing. That is a right path into future a make it great place to work and deliver on our promises and mission
Increase salary, opportunities within Merck as well.
Possibly don’t act like the huge drug company that you are.
Develop programs to reenergize long-term employees.  Incentive programs to keep them, and not take their knowledge and experience elsewhere.
Ensure that it is emphasized the importance of keeping a work life balance.  Employees need to be fresh to work optimally and bring their best selves to work.
Stick with Mission and extending patient lives with our medicines.
Allow employees to continue to work from home even after the COVID pandemic.  I feel that employees are more productive and flexible when working from home.
I feel like there is some age discrimination and I would like to see more opportunities for those that have been here with the company longer and think about re-aligning pay as well
Please make sure to have plans for older employees still working at MERCK.  There is a great emphasis on making the merck place "younger"...this is good however for those that are older and still have alot to offer you must still ensure that they "feel valued" and that there is a place for us all.      '
Merck needs to put its money where its mouth is. We talk about digital transformation that will help us be this innovative leader in the industry, but there's very limited support outside of the IT organization. Mindsets even in HH, where teams are experimenting with Agile, still are resistant to leveraging analytics capabilities. Modern predictive analytics has proven to be superior to conventional analytical methods, yet there's still widespread distrust.  The pharmaceutical giants are several years behind the curve when it comes to digital capabilities, and Merck is certainly not a leader even among dinosaurs. The talent we need is being scooped up by more modernized companies in faster-moving industries like tech and finance - we need to empower the people who actually understand the skillsets and capabilities we need to determine the path forward, and we need something more tangible than Ways of Working to help shift people's mindsets to more willingly embrace new approaches.
We continue to send a message about the importance of work/life balance but true support of this doesn't seem to exist. With our ever-changing processes it is nearly impossible to keep up. Working a 40 hour work week isn't possible even if all you want to do is meet expectations, not over achieve.
My department has been without strong leadership for quite some time.   There seems to be little support and direction from the top executives.  We are quickly approaching May and we have no clear objectives for 2021.  Take a deep dive into why some many of our top executives join the company and then quickly leave.  This is very unsettling.
Continue to offer work-life balance and flexibility in working remotely
Ensure each site has the support they need, whether it's technical or HR-related.  Management needs to be involved with their own department by engaging and learning the work performed. Management should be held accountable for their team and be able to make decisions.  As it stands, decisions aren't made in a timely manner because management doesn't understand what happens in their departments.  Current management is incapable of controlling and running their own departments.  Communication simply doesn't occur and some managers don't do anything for themselves, instead relying on technicians to spoon-feed them information that they should well know how to obtain.
Streamline all new requirements into current business processes before implementation. Otherwise, there will be a constant increase in the amount of extra work people have to do to accomplish the true objective. This will cause even more turnover than it already has.
MSD is really making an excellent job to continue being a great place to work. I have been in this company for just a few months and I am totally surprised with the amount of areas involved in employee training, improvement and satisfaction. MSD employee oriented vision is touching every single employee and manager.
Merck needs to move away from imposing artificial barriers to career progression for outstanding performers- for instance, mandating a doctoral degree for promotion in functions like medical affairs, regardless of the contributions of the employee. The company has had a very high turnover in medical affairs (my sixth manager in less than 3 years!) and this is cause by the ceiling imposed.  No outstanding talents will stay at Merck if the company does not have programs to retain the talent. Merck also needs to have a robust review of titles and roles/responsibilities in various organizations, especially medical affairs. There also needs to be a clear strategy behind FTEs within each organization that reflect the workload not just a blind adherence to "consistency". There are individuals working 90 hr weeks and others who have 40 hrs in the same role.  Company needs to rethink the number of "project management" staff to "scientific/medical" staff in some organizations like medical affairs- we need fewer to del
I believe the yearly performance is not done on a fair manner.  The pressure added to employees on delivering on projects to get graded at a minimum average is becoming overwhelming when added to the day to day workload.
Stay focused on our mission of saving and improving lives with our medicines. Merck needs to keep the company out of political issues - it polarizes many employees.
Simplify business processes and complexity - takes way too long to get decisions made, requires too much data - analysis/paralysis, too many what if scenario analyses when in the end, decisions are already made well beforehand.  Share strategic direction and point teams in that direction vs asking them to do analyses that in the end are not used and consume a tremendous amount of resources that could be used for other critical needs.
Help the parents who work from home - while having the distraction of the parental duties during work hours.   It has been a year - we need some relief.     I think we are working more now (to make up for the distraction, and feeling guilty, because we are anxious to keep our positions and potential opportunities)
Continued support of our changing workscape.
Empower teams to make decisions at the right level by clearly establishing intent, outcomes, and expectations, eliminating redundant review and approval cycles, and providing team clarity on decision making authority.
Tone at the top - instill better sense of flexibility and ability to manage work/life balance.
The company provides great support for community involvement and support.  There are so many opportunities for involvement that people need to balance involvement, personal life, and work without feeling guilty for not doing more in any area
I feel that Merck has become too politically charged.  Only certain views are considered acceptable in the past year, and I do not feel I can bring my authentic self to work for fear of retaliation.  There is a sense of fear being instilled, which does not support but rather squashes an environment of diversity and inclusion.
Merck has done an incredible job with accommodating employees to get through the pandemic.  I appreciate all of the resources and flexibility given to us.    I enjoy being included in the Diversity & Inclusion initiatives - have learned so much along this journey through project assignments and look forward to being part of the cultural change at Merck as we progress.  Hoping this initiative moves forward at Merck and we can influence what happens in our society through our actions (and not politics).
Merck should not contribute to PACs or political candidates of any party, for any office that undermines democracy.
Be more transparent about it's return to work plans
1) Managers providing support for their people  and projects versus absorbed in promotion of company initiatives would be of great value. 2) Employees able to do their job well and being well-trained versus having to participate in various company workstreams and initiatives in order to get successful ratings.  Add to that these folks are usually hand picked for these opportunities versus the most qualified person for the job.  There is not equal opportunity for all.  1 example CRA only at Merck for 1 year who is now on a developmental plan to become a therapeutic area lead. What? I've not been given this opportunity.  3) Sites and employees are extremely frustrated with Merck company systems that don't work or are difficult, cumbersome, and techno challenging - SIP.  Implore Merck management if you want to be partner of choice, please stop rolling out systems that don't work and/or employees are expected to run, troubleshoot, and brainstorm everyday to do the job.
Doing a fantastic job. Maybe give people a day in lieu as a wellbeing day FOC from MSD. It has been challenging working from home to date.
If they would promote the overlooked staff more it would make it a great place to work.
My department should value each team member and should made a market study to be competitive
Continue to address the challenges of employee capacity vs. increasing business demands.
Survey is not anonymous with single sign on.  Sorry cannot answer this question now.  Typical Merck.
Offering the backup childcare (60 days of free childcare through LifeCare) has literally been a lifesaver for me during this pandemic. Please keep this benefit going. It has allowed me to not stress out when my children’s school has gone virtual at times throughout the school year because I can hire a family member to watch my children. This kind of benefit would be nice to continue for summer care even after the pandemic is over.
Look past the pandemic to where we’ll be and stay proactive and competitive in attracting and retaining new and diverse talent. The support the company has provided has been incredible but memories are short lived and when things get back to normal we need to prepare for the same issues that will attract and retain the best people— Industry leading comp and work life balance for prospective hires and those looking at opportunities outside of Merck.
Continue to allow the employees work remote.
Offer permanent work from home and provide equipment to aid ergonomics
Continue to support work-life balance and employee's needs to take care of their families.  Continue ethical and socially responsible policies.
Inclusion is paramount and Merck has done a fantastic job encouraging and promoting its importance, but we must never accept inclusion through exclusion.  I recently witnessed homophobic and anti-male comments by an outside speaker during a March 2, 2021 Merck Women's Network EBRG event.  I attended this event as an ally and was greatly saddened and hurt by these comments and reported them to www.msdethics.com.  Unfortunately, the msdethics.com failed to address these comments.  Additionally, the Merck Women's Network just posted this webcast on their recordings page, further propagating these hurtful comments.  This is not the Merck I know and greatly value.
Less transformation efforts and more focus on medium and long term goals. Similarly how Apple does it and in a way it is visible to anyone - started with ARM processors in iPod and now it´s being rolled out in all devices. Similarly I would like to be able to understand for example what is the vision for Lab of the future, what are the goals and how other teams are contributing to that.
I really don't know at this time....
ensure decisions are made at the appropriate level. As the GPs are revised, more requirements are for above site to be involved in site level decisions
Allow us to work from home on a permanent basis if we choose to
It would be great to continue (and further increase) schedule flexibility including more WFH days and alternate schedule options (such as a 4-day work week). I also think that we really need to hire more staff, as the workload continues to grow.
I am a people manager and the process to search and hire is very complicated and time consuming.  Highly qualified people are not attracted to processes that make it difficult to work for a company.  Workday is not intuitive and it has been very hard to navigate.   My time at Merck has been the best professional experience of my career.  But, Merck IT and the hiring processes that I have been a part of have not been positive.  If we have to following the processes set up by IT and HR then there should be dedicated help professionals to make the processes go faster.
Stop placing so much emphasis on education and degrees and allow employees who are experienced and capable to move up within the company.
I just recently started at Merck and some of things done to support onboarding that are done in batches make things less timely/more challenging to navigate.  Because of COVID, without being able to spend time in the plants does make it harder to understand the manufacturing processes and how to improve.
Care about the amount of time needed to complete work. Expect a realistic amount of work and not be an abusive employer by ignoring excessive amounts of work.
To deliver on our mission, Merck senior leaders need to remain focused on the business and avoid engaging on political/social issues as has become common with large corporations. If our leaders do feel the need to discuss political/social issues,  they need to be cognizant that do not necessarily speak for shareholders or employees.
Improvement in training.
Have a strong pipeline of products that would ensure job security for my hospital franchise
bureaucracy is slowing down the progress of the company through multiple meetings with many levels and the meetings are not moving the needle for the company in the specific areas they are targeting.
The company has many processes that make it hard to be agile with new ways of working. It is true that we are big pharma company and that is the caveat with all the big companies very process oriented.
Retain the flexible work policy to work from home if we are currently working from home since the pandemic
I hope that Merck will continue to make long term commitments vs. following the current trend in, politics, culture and business.    On the surface it appears lately Merck is making quick short sighted decision based on the current perceived culture/politics of the day which may be mischaracterized by the media as conventional wisdom.  I think it is not a risk adverse strategy rather one filled with multiple unforeseen pitfalls with topics that are not our expertise.
Listen to, and support, employees at all levels when implementing new technologies/digital platforms. The end-user's experience should be a key tool in developing digital workflows. The drive to transition to paperless should be a drive to maintain or improve the end user's work flow and productivity. In my experience, all of the recent transitions to digital platforms have been poorly implemented/developed and have been detrimental to the end user's productivity.  When the end user's insight is not considered, we are placing more value on shoe-horning digital platforms to meet metrics rather than developing meaningful and beneficial technological advancements.
I have dedicated my career to oncology marketing in the US. I feel like MRL does not respect HH.  We need better integration and mutual respect.  Our forecasting process is biased towards being too aspirational. Instead, it should become more dedicated to accuracy, regardless of whether the result is popular.  Our PRT review process is broken. It is a critical barrier to realizing value.
Continue to create a safe environment for employees to speak up
Don't try and be everything to everyone, realize that we cannot solve all of society's ills and be great at inventing, making and delivering medicines. This is a nobel cause and if we focus on this we can be great. Do not discriminate based upon gender or ethnic background - period, this includes not being prejudice against someone because you perceive that people who look like them on the outside already have more than somebody who looks like them on the outside. We are all individuals. You can not award an advantage based upon race or gender without awarding a disadvantage to somebody else based upon gender or race. Be better and think about things before setting policies on this area based upon the way the current winds are blowing.
At a corporate level it is very frustrating to hear nothing about good news about the company with double digit growth in sales, but then get an annual pay increase that fails to outpace inflation.  At a day-to-day level, the amount of communication and trust between departments and between sites is not inductive of good work.  With our site being operational during COVID, there is not enough communication relating to when one or more individuals from another department are suddenly required to quarantine at home.  How can there be proper contact tracing if there is no communication? Also, our site is loosely tied to the Elkhorn production facility.  Supporting Elkhorn accounts for about 30% of my groups workload, and about 50% of the stress and 90% of the emergency work request.
What I'm finding is there are so many great things going on in the company and resources available but finding the information easily is quite challenging and many organizations have solved a problem or come up with a great opportunity and it would be great to cross-pollinate that information more broadly.
offering professional development opportunities to everyone, and actually following through on them.  this means that your current dept, and DESIRED departments are team players.  at the moment, it seems that neither of them are, unless those professional opportunities are to remain in the same role that you're already in, which seems rather counterproductive to a person's breadth of experiential knowledge.
Continue to involve all employees in decision making.
Flexibility in remote working
The workload is very heavy and it remains a challenge to pause and dedicate time to create and rethink processes and participate in new initiatives without significantly compromising your personal time.
Stop using racism to stop racism.
Modernise office space & more modern / effective work tools
Merck needs to return to our roots.  We are a pharmaceutical company.  NOT a political company.  NOT a social justice company.  And we wonder why contributions to our PAC have plummeted.  We must support diversity and differences in opinion.  Right now we only support one side, which is those who agree with Ken Frazier.  Those of us who share viewpoints of experts like Candice Owens are not even acknowledged....so much for open mindedness.  Our leadership is only interested in those “open minded” to their opinions.  They have no interest in listening to the other side.
Now that we all have shown how well we work from home thanks to COVID-19, take more steps to make that ok permanently. Make people working from home or remotely feel just as important and valuable to the company as people who drive into the HQ offices each day. Agree we sometimes need to come together in one place, but make it special when everyone makes the effort to drive in.
Continue exactly what you are doing. I am so proud to work for this company.
Continue to keep us updated on current health issues.  I really enjoy the town hall's with Merck Leadership on the COVID updates.
Even though this pandemic showed us that we can find ways of working different than the traditional face to face, we must not forget that personal interaction and strong relationships with our customer is what has put us on the place we have under the values we hold dear.
Continue to invest in digital solutions and IT tools that will transform our ways of working and reduce the high level of manual, people-dependent activities.
Continue to Commit to work/life balance for Employees
branding and ensure the world understands the work we do continue to offer opportunities for growth to employees
Continue offering flexibility for employees in this uncertain time. Continue investing in new R&D.
Ensure recognition in a professional manner, based on work, respect for company policy and the interests of the company, not based on individual interests, feelings and friendship.
Stay out of politics
Prioritize. While the company continues to recognize there is no end to the race, this is a perpetual marathon, from my street corner we're back to running at sprint speed.  It may be unique to my position in a global role but I don't see prioritization.  I'm tired and the roadmap for the next 5 years looks like little opportunity to recover.
I believe this is a wonderful company already. This really has been the best company I have worked for so far. I have really enjoyed working here. At the moment I cannot think of anything.
Decide on and publish the future remote vs on site requirements
Work towards allowing for a better work & home balance. Allow for employees to have time to train, perform core tasks, and make time for developmental. Be clear on intentions, milestones, and targets so employees know how they and their contributions fit into the bigger picture. Strive for right first time - this allows for teams to take proactive measures versus spending time responding to and investigating issues.
Difficult times, pandemic, Organon spin off,, I think that as a company,  we will need to recover balance after spin off to concentrate and execute on strategic to deliver on our mission
Continue working on inclusion, specially with more traditional leaders that don´t seem to make a big deal of it. Continue seeking ways to improve our life balance since it is still challenging to combine house dinamic and work; more support like increasing vacations or days off so we can re-charge more often. Another suggestion is to start being LESS US CENTRIC for daily activities like calls and conferences because usually these global calls (Oncology for eg) are scheduled based on US timezones and in order for us to be more INCLUSIVE, timezones for global calls should be alternated between the different regions so we foster emphathy with all regions.
Breaking down the silo's. Less Personal interests and more teamwork between departments. Provided/stimulated from above site
Truly recognize diversity and promote women in IT, and stop giving excuses
Frequent evaluation/re-evaluation of D&I aims across functions to ascertain progress can be helpful (if this is not already being accomplished); Implementation of policies or strategies to minimize nepotism and cronyism across functions in hiring, promotion and research sourcing  can be helpful; Instilling and encouraging employees to refrain from using personal perspectives rather than scientific evidence in outcomes research can ensure equity and fairness; Having an outcomes research Ombudsman can be beneficial to the organization can enhance value evidence generation.
Work / life balance must be improved.  Time tracking software (i.e. GTT) is used for employees.  Metrics for extensive hours, working weekends or holidays, etc should be used to assess project and management performance. Leadership should aggressively work to reduce non-value added work. Go / No-go decisions should result in decisive actions.  A 'no-go' should stop programs and free up resources. Clear plans for post-COVID working accommodations are critical.
keep the employees in front of customers
We have a great internal information piece, The Animal Health Insider. I find we are not good at sharing our story with our veterinary customers. Why do we not also have a piece geared toward our veterinary customers, as piece to tell who we are and the great social justice projects we are working on in NA and globally. We have to toot our own horn, no one else is going to do it for us.
Most of my negative replies to this survey are solely a result of the work from home environment we were all forced to adopt.  I truly believe we need to be in the office, at least part time, to ensure all employees have that much needed chance to connect and quickly problem solve the complex problems we are facing.
reasonable expectations that are consistent with the actual work functions would be nice.
Clear direction on return to the office.  Will we be moving to a hybrid model - affects where employees rent / purchase homes.
I think Merck and MSD are incredible places to work for which I am proud to say I am employed here.  I have no suggestions for areas of improvement.  I love my job, my team, my manager and the vaccines I help deliver to the world.
Allow for greater flexibility of recreation at the facilities. e.g. make the gyms accessible, open up the cafeteria to more people, encourage outdoor seating where possible
keep the same track in term to pay attention to people as a key pillar in our strategy. thanks your this survey!
just have 1 person at the very top that is never here. that doesn't see the need to say hi or even know the names of the people that work for him. seems very insecure and unhappy all the time!
I support the way that Merck has acted most of the time.  I’d obviously like to see some of the restrictions go away that have been imposed.  And while I fully support the diversity and inclusion efforts being made, I’d like to see our focus remain on patients and development of products that can help them.  Another comment  I need to make - I feel as though it is not the rightful place of a CEO to make formal comments regarding the actions or lack of actions of a sitting president.  These types of comments can often cause more division.  What it causes it those who have a differing view to become fearful in the workplace, to feel as though their views could make them an outsider.  If the CEO outwardly views things one way, it make those who report to them feel as though they must outwardly express the same views, etc.  If these views have to do with the running of our business that is appropriate, but to express commentary to an entire global organization, it ostracized some.
Take steps to ensure a robust pipeline of medications that really matter and will make a difference in human and animal health.
Add a level of Senior Director - to be congruent with our peer companies.  (see comment on question 17)
Workload remains a huge issue.  We fail to come up with, DYNAMIC (fast and flexible) solutions when circumstances require.  We lack clear guidance on what is required in our daily case work.  It leaves us with questions and confusion on a daily basis which ultimately is disempowering and demoralizing.  Our team is full of great people but we lack firm decisive leadership and direction. True leaders understand clear is kind, but ambiguous statements about how thing "might could" be done are not helpful or powerful.  This constant confusion does not lend itself to a healthy work place and it spills out into ones personal life.  We also need leadership to protect us from demands made by internal customers that do not understand our work.   My I am most concerned about workload (more and more responsibilities are piled on us but the number of hours in a day remain the same) and my ability to balance it with my "real" life.
speed up the red tape, it usually takes so long to get a decision finalized that the opportunity to succeed has sometimes passed by
Work/life balance
take proactive steps that will allow us to be together at a team meeting in person
The pandemic has been a great example of how work can continue and in most cases we work even more than under normal "in person" situation.  Allowing employee WFH options can help with work-life balance and improve the focus of the employee.  Employees can take care of themselves, their families, their health, and continue to deliver on the mission to develop and deliver quality medicines to patients.  I think this year has proven employees are working around the clock without respite, and the Company should try to be amenable to employees seeking balance between home and work, where appropriate. We also need to recognize where we are limited by resources to avoid employee burnout--working nonstop beyond reasonable hours to deliver is heroic, and sometimes inevitable to drive progress, but should not be encouraged by management as the "norm."  It is this kind of burnout and failure to appropriately resource that can impact our retention of key talent.
A More diverse manager pool would help in IPT. Most managers are of the red personality types, it seems to be the preference despite our focus on D&I.
simplify procedures, give more flexibility to Medical Department to be able to satisfy clients´needs
The company should become less hierarchic and recognize the merit of valuable people and give growth opportunity to them
Allow associate directors more time to do their job as people managers.  Many of us are also still responsible for our previous duties and now also responsible for people management and developing our team.  No work has been taken away, just more responsibilities added which makes it difficult to be a successful people manager and successful with our other professional responsibilities.  The result is we rarely are excellent performers at either position and we spend more time working evenings and weekends to get caught up.
Merck has a lot of processes and these processes change constantly especially in Global Clinical Development. Being able to find the latest information and training is a challenge in my role. Keeping up to date with the different processes is not an easy task. I think Merck/MSD could do a better job at centralizing the important information and trainings.
1. Support a diverse workforce at all levels that is representative of the population and the markets in which we operate. 2. Be creative in the ways in which we can offer relevant experiences to underrepresented individuals (i.e., temporary or project assignments). 3. Ensure equality in pay based on the position.
Continue open communication through Sr leadership webex engagements.  Communicate Mercks great work to Public, we do so much good work as does PHARMA.
Continue to openly communicate how company looks out for the interests of employees. Continue to communicate plans for return to site (for remote workers) even if the plans are still in development. Knowing that there is discussion and thought going on is just as important as the end result.
Purposefully look for diverse talent; not rush to hire when the talent is not diverse.
Excellent place to work. Encourage to continue working with transparency and integrity on our day to day.
Remove barriers such as the current definition of a "sales rep".  The label stifles growth, uniqueness and ability to deliver.
I’ve noticed a trend regarding upward mobility and new opportunities in careers at MAH Canada.  The system seems favour people who live in Quebec and are bilingual.  This does not always feel inclusive for candidates outside of this region given that a very small percentage of our clients are bilingual/residing in QC.  I realize this is where the HO is located, however given today’s virtual climate the best candidate should receive the job regardless of age, gender, race, and location/mobility to move.
continue fostering a culture of support and empathy
Ensure equilibrium between work and family time to ensure ENOUGH resources are there to enable that equilibrium.
Veer away from group think, and more welcome to opposing ideas.  There should be more anonymous surveys.  Work on providing better health benefits- we pay a huge amount in deductibles and copays.   Don’t mandate health decisions on employees.
Clear organizational structure with less matrix functions. Chose for centrally organized or locally organized responsibilities
Continue deploying science in the most effective way; continue investing in the pipeline with organic and inorganic growth in Human and Animal Health, ensuring a sustainable business model in the future. Invest in people development at all levels.
Develop a greater autonomy for the Sales Teams. A type of unbossed approach that would help increase creatively and enthusiasm.
Stay focused on the mission.  Politics should not be convolved with science.  I truly appreciate the approach to diversity, and recognition of the value each person brings, and it makes me proud to work for Merck.  However, I see two problems with Merck's approach.  First, the link to current politics does more to polarize that unite.  Second, there should be more recognition of "inner" diversity.   Some one with Asperger's (for example) might not look different, but they see the world in a very different way which brings value but requires acceptance.
The path has been given, just continue streamlining and removing the old school thinking and bureaucracy in the processes
Do not treat loyal employees for over 15 to 20 years of experience like a number. Have respect for them and involve them in the change of their job function prior to finalize your decision.  Remember that a happy employee is a great contributor to the company. Do not mistreat employees by giving unjustified reasons for their change of position. Do not make an employee feel that he/ she is not valued and she/he is pushed to take the exit door. I take the message is "this is what it is, take it or leave it", which is unfair to treat loyal, hardworking employees.
1) Really focus on weeding out the bad leaders even if it means removing some Sr. leaders in the organization and 2) consider very carefully how return to work will be put into practice and whether it is really necessary for people to be in an office to be effective.
Currently there is nothing I can think of. So far I feel like Merck has done a good job at making this a good place to work
Continue to focus on what we do best - invent solutions and products to help patients live longer and better.  We are all very committed to this mission and have committed our hearts and souls to this work.  Continue to support equity and diversity.  Stand for what's right and moral and support all our employees.  That being said I would recommend we stay out of politics.  I have enjoyed working shoulder to shoulder with many different folks who have completely opposite political perspectives and it has made zero difference in our work product...because that's why we're here.  But when the company makes public statements on non-healthcare related policy it could alienate about half of the organization...and not support diversity of thought.
Rewarding individuals for their contribution even if they aren't selected for 'current focus' projects (Organon) and reduce the moving bar in regards to the yearly scorecard.  Sponsor/Encourage connectivity among employees now that we are in a stable work from home environment.  Many companies are offering to supplement individual workspace at home to make the balance easier. With reduced operating costs from individuals not being in the office, maybe the company could help with supplementing workspaces.
Align resources to workload
More investment in capital projects for existing facilities, such as pilot plant projects. Its disheartening to see that we regularly acquire companies for $400+ million dollars but cannot get an isolator for our department. Its hard to hear that no investments are planned when the regulatory framework is shifting to an expectation that barrier systems are to be used in order to separate operators from critical processing zones and to protect them from potent compounds (OEB4/5 and BSL2).
Ensure there are enough workforce to complete the on sight work, especially the physical experimental work which cannot be done WFH or online. Hire more employees that will stay in their positions after training is complete, instead of contractors who will leave once they have a job, or management track aspirants who will only last 3 years before either leaving or transferring to a different department if they are not promoted.
I already feel Merck takes steps needed to make this a great company to work for and deliver on our mission.
Prioritize better to reduce excessive demands on some employees
Trust the experienced workers to do their jobs.
Make the workload more manageable and increase salaries.
In my opinion, go forward in this direction
Continue to do what they are doing, I have never been prouder to work for Merck as I have in the last year.
1) Make salaries more competitive with other companies (see Robert Half salary guide for technology). 2) Provide a technical career track for employees (developers, engineers, others in IT, etc). 3) Prioritize IT. Leadership keeps shifting and reorganizing, nothing gets done and employees are in the dark. 4) Loosen HR restrictions regarding annual incentive so all employees who outperform can be rewarded. 5) Do more to retain our talent. We don't fight for them or make counter offers when they leave for other companies. It really hurts the company for another company to have that talent.
Empower people "on the shop floor" to make decisions.  Work on implementing a better culture of work/life balance.  Allow more opportunities for people to be promoted / advance in the company.  In manufacturing, bring visibility to roles that allow work-from-home.   Encourage innovation and actually give people the time to work on innovative and digital solutions. I feel like Merck encourages innovation but doesn't actually provide people with time or resources to explore (talk the talk but don't walk the walk). If work/life balance was improved and time was carved out for innovation, we could make greater advances.  Encourage use of digital tools (and provide people with resources and time to upskill on them). A lot of sites are slow to adopt things like Teams, the Workday Opportunity Marketplace, or INSPIRE because there is not constant incentive / reminder to do so. Reward people for using these platforms & engrain it into company culture.
Continue to ensure innovation is a priority GDI is a focus Continue to ensure employee wellness and wellbeing  is a focus
Merck is already doing a great job
Be more agile, more innovative  Less red tape for the promotional review process (PRT)   Transition the marketing teams from traditional teams to Marketing Agile Teams / Rapid Realization Teams/Digital Engagement Teams to be more innovative and more quicker with better quality
Add more resources to compensate for the additional work that is required from the employee. We need stability.
I believe a lot of employees are hoping to have a hybrid option when returning to the office, where they can split up the week working from home and working in the office.
Promotion according to ability
Departments and divisions are not aligned on strategy, priorities and resource allocations.  All departments are severely understaffed to execute the work requested, and this creates work/family imbalance and forces employees to make prioritization decisions on their own, or work extra hours to get everything completed.
Re-evaluate- and be willing to change- processes that are cumbersome, don't work and slow down progress. SIP is an example. So many of our sites, for whom we wish to be 'sponsor of choice', are bailing on Merck as 'forcing this very non-user friendly' platform on them.  Merck needs to be OK saying "we made a mistake' to our sites, and come up with alternatives until SIP works!
As part of the transformation work remove barriers to restructure operational work to drive efficiencies and alignment of technology.
continue to recognize and reward efforts and service.
Continue to promote inclusive behaviors across all divisions. MRL and MMD have different policies, which can cause confusion.
Diversity throughout all levels of the organization. Opportunities for growth and development and enhanced manager training.
Refresh the leadership team in animal health
Increase salary, increase resources to perform good science, insure that the positions being filled are by those most qualified.
Most concerned about the culture of not being able to grow within one's role. I have been in the same role (and have been in the "outperformed" category among my team every year) who no opportunity to "move up" without applying for an entirely new position outside of my organization. Unfortunately I see a lot of top talent leave for that reason. And I don't want to leave! :)
Support employees for whom child care is not the (only) definition of family care. Improve manager training. Take a serious look at resource allocation to understand where some departments are overwhelmed (encourage implementation of programs like the gig program to help temporarily boost resources when needed). Find better ways to show employees they are valued. Focus on setting project specific timelines and targets that take into consideration the variables of the project rather than applying generic metrics that set teams up for failure.
Be more open to have Head Quarter roles be remote. The virtual environment has shown that work can be done remotely and be equally efficient.
Continue to stress the importance of work-life balance and demonstrate this by manager example.  For example, limiting emails on weekends and encouraging others to take personal time.
make managers accountable and have managers that are familiar with thier subodinates jobs. Also we do not recieve the 8 percent bonus only 5. this is discriminatory.
Working from home for over a year has been stressful, I think if we could have small group interactions to bring back some normalcy.
Encourage social interactions between coworkers.   Also, help employees feel that attending ERBGs, educational webinars & Toastmasters isn't taking away from their work, but rather helps build them to be stronger contributors.
frank career development conversations. I dont feel the safe space to discuss the things that are working and not working for me in my job and where I would like to be in 3-5 years...
I think to add value, moving files to the digital space sooner rather than later would help everyone with ease of access to information.
Be sure that the appropriate individuals are included on emails that are essential.
Merck should judge colleagues' advancement potential based on work ethics and results vs only formal education received. Many colleagues have leadership potential and know how to lead a successful team, but don't have degrees, and therefore, are limited to advancement. The opposite is true, where some may have the degree, but not the ability to lead, yet they get the advancement.
1) Continue building Employee value through buy fostering opportunities for development and advancement within organization. 2) Driving competitive and equitable compensation, and delivering on D&I objectives.
More virtual networking and social activities to connect staff across departments
I think being more fluid with how the future will look like (working remotely opportunities and what what and when the expectation will be to come back).  I wish they would talk to us about the future.
I continue to be blown away by the support that Merck has provided it's employees during the pandemic.  Simply top tier support for employees well being and safety.    I do think it would be beneficial to use our platform to advance our science narrative vs political ones; however, and while I can certainly appreciate the passion and belief to a cause that may be very important to an individual, i think we must be very careful in these uncertain times in alienating a customer, an employee.  I respect our believes to express our opinion and what makes this country great, we just have to realize topics are polarizing and putting some in a very difficult position which is impacting our ability to advance our mission in some cases.
Continue to explore new ways of working and embrace remote working so people do not have to be limited by where they live
Create focus on a specific strategy and be transparent for the expected results.  Listen and support the SME's that have the experience, especially when it is in conflict with the strategy, but is presented in a supportive way.
Merck speaks to diversity, but it's not always evident or transparent. My hope is that the company stays focused on this very critical issue.
Be more proactive in accelerating growth to the future number 1 minority group in the US by 2025 which is the Hispanic/Latino community.
Continue to be a flexible work place.
Finding small and creative ways to express gratitude for hard work, dedication and contributions beyond just Inspire points to make employees feel a more personal connection with the company.
It is important to know more about the pipeline in order to manage expectatives in all business level
Better transparency about the near term future of the company and strategic direction now that new CEO is in place. The workload is still unbearable, and under the blanket of stress from the pandemic we're all drowning.
Merck should continue to understand the needs of their employees and continue to be flexible with their employees work situations.
Diversify the roles within departments.  Although there are presumably 2 or more ladders within a department (i.e. 'R' ladder versus 'M' ladder), in practice, it all appears to coalesce into the standard "lead a project, lead a group" pathway.  This leads to competition for a few spots, devaluing of scientists who contribute data but aren't leading projects/groups, and a very hierarchical environment, which is not an ideal one to have for a creative, early discovery department.  It also discourages "No Go" decisions, as advancement and rewards are tied to a program's success.
Open and aligned communication at all levels of the company.  Within larger departments, smaller groups can easily begin to diverge in processes and it can be tough to re-align.
Optimize process, reduce the number of different systems
become more nimble
Merck is a great place to work.
Simplify! Lot of things get too complicated
Refocus on improving patient care through accessibility, affordability, and clear education for Merck products. Stop getting involved in politics - being shaped by the woke culture. Be a true leader in the pharmaceutical industry world wide by improving clinical trial design, increasing access to products in low income countries and lowering costs in the United States, and standing up against frivolous lawsuits from world governments by standing up for our legacy of ethical behavior rather than overburdening Merck employees with irrational legal restrictions.
over my 20 years experience, the processes have gotten more complicated without increase in resources to support the processes - it really impedes merck from execution our research compliantly and efficiently. this increases employee work-load, stress and ability to achieve their work in a timely fashion.
Explore new scientific opportunities in vaccine design, such as those successfully pursued by Pfizer/BioNTech and Moderna.  Keep the focus on research and development, especially in the Neurosciences, a field that is in great need of innovative medicines.
Continue to stay the course in what they already are doing!
Continue the unparalleled work initiated by Ken Fraizer
Have a continued focus on cutting edge science/biotechnology/technology; continue work towards energy reduction and reduction in carbon footprint; continue to offer flexibility in working arrangements and the benefit programs that support workers and their families.
Make us feel appreciated.
Ensure that all employees are equally presented with resources to succeed and advance their careers, not just a handful that appear to be more likely to succeed at first glance.
Continue to invest in the future.  Really become a more digital company and broaden the possibilities to interact.
Hear the people, try to balance the overtime, make a balance between job and personal time
I believe Merck putting their employees first in these trying times; being able to work from home is outstanding. It's taken off alot of the stress of work-personal like balance. We are very well set up at home. We've finally gone to paperless environment; all is being saved in the system! Another important point it's been seamless for our customers; there is always someone available to help them. We are more productive, less distractions and able to support our family in need. If we're  feeling under the weather we can still get our work done - no stress with regards to weather conditions or traveling time. Hopefully  in the future we'll still be able to continue to work from home.
Walk the walk, not just talk the talk - encourage debate, recognize diminishers and those that simply say ‘no’ Is Individual responsibility to learning and development enough? Address pay inequity
Really caring about employees , and trying to be more disruptive in terms of employee distinction : At MSD there are too many advisers  and consultant roles and not enough DOers.  Becoming manager or decider shouldn't be the only way to promote people. A good professional might not be a good manager. And today we need more professionals than managers
It is a great place to work
Focus on a balanced D&I approach that addresses all categories of diversity through unbiased opportunity, rather than selectively focusing on situationally special racial or gender issues to the detriment of other groups.
Compensation lags from my former Merck colleagues that work for other companies.  So, probably incentive compensation, specifically bonus compensation needs to be addressed.  I have had the same bonus target payout for 6 years now, yet generating twice the revenue for the company.  I were to leave, it would be for that reason.
Focus more on employee recognition and appreciation for honor good work
Any recommendations given would not change the current state of Merck, the company has gone downhill over the past 10-15 years
Taking care of the workload of their employee in a endless covid situation having important mental health consequences.
I believe the company should continue to evaluate that the appropriate resources are available to manage and support projects, especially during this time of change and uncertainty, to ensure a successful balance of work and personal life.
Offer flexibility to continue to WFH more days than pre-pandemic if the business supports it.
People ownership and clear role & responsibility
sounds cliche but we are leadership heavy.
Continue to think differently around wAys of Working.  Without the pandemic, so much of our positive change would not have happened.  So how do we continue to think differently, work differently and break down barriers after the pandemic versus getting stuck in habits and going back to old ways of working.  Good progress on opening up “HQ Roles” and allowing remote workers to compete.  Agile work and teams, etc.
I do wonder if there are opportunities to further separate the mission of being a company that's about medicine for the people, from the company with the 2 highest scorecard ratings being returning shareholder value. I also want to create more opportunities for my direct reports to move within the company, to new positions and new locations. I do want to acknowledge that Merck has gone above & beyond in supporting employees during the pandemic - so so good on every level (remote working, information, townhalls etc), and I am so very proud to be working for this company.
make process simple.
Truly support a culture of work life balance where the appropriate FTE resources are provided so that people aren't expected to be putting in 50+ hours a week so that we can focus on our families as well. In the current pandemic environment, and being required to be working on site, the lack of FTE resources have added to long hours with little breaks/time for vacation, and added an additional toll to work/life family balance while trying to navigate the worries that come along with health and safety for our families during a pandemic. It puts a huge strain on those of us required to be working onsite.
Continue to promote the positive impact that our company and industry are having on society overall.  Encourage and foster Diversity and Inclusion, but ensure that people who are not part of one of those special groups do not feel excluded.  Ensure that compensation is competitive with how the industry is changing (particularly in Oncology).  Make sure we aren't limiting ourselves through Legal and Compliance initiatives more than necessary as this can put us at a competitive disadvantage.  Keep up all the healthy living initiatives.  Merck is truly a great place to work.
Empower patients.
Consider a 4 days working week with the option to provide employees the chance to distribute their working hours over 4 working days.
Train members in leadership roles and matrix type environment to support diverse opinions and respect the thoughts of others as opposed to constant challenge against.
Continue it’s commitment to Diviersity and Inclusion. Also, maintain a sense of respect and transparency with employees.
The only thing I can think of would be to provide more continuing education opportunities on site.  Perhaps more company sponsored outings, but that is more blamed on the Pandemic than MSD.
Merck and MSD are taking the right  necessary steps and the values to make this place to work valuable and secure.
Focus at the highest levels of leadership on the scientific direction of the company.  Communicate to the public and to the employees the science of our vaccines and our medicines.  Work to understand and communicate to employees the science behind why a certain molecule fails or succeeds in the clinic. Reduce disappointment by increasing the emphasis on learning from the experience.  Invest in research that would reduce the amount (#) of vaccinations needed for infants.  This may actually increase demand and market share. "De-politicize" public discourse and communication involving our company and the vaccine industry in general.
When employees start going back to the office, please consider offering a hybrid work schedule option.  The commute for some of the Madison employees will increase dramatically when the office moves to Rahway.  A hybrid schedule would be helpful and less stressful to those employees who will have this issue.   Also, when returning to the office after a pandemic – will plexiglass be installed near the desks that are in high traffic areas?  I think this will increase safety since all employees might not be vaccinated.
Stop the whole mentality of "our way or the highway".  Be open to hearing about other's ideas and not just saying that you are open to it.  There is still a pervasive fear of retaliation when you challenge the status quo, even when it is with constructive solution-oriented suggestions.  Stop building systems and processes without the end-user in mind or the end-user having input into them.  We constantly feel left out of important decisions that impact our ability to do our jobs.  Stop promoting the whole "balance" thing when clearly no one means it.
Ken Frasier has always done a great job of defining a strategy that is beneficial for Merck as well as our key stakeholders (patients, HCPs, business partners) with a focus on saving and improving lives.  But, equally important, he looks at the bigger picture in terms of what is going on in the world and emphasizes the need to make strong, ethically correct decisions and he does it transparently in the best interest of society.  I want that to continue after his departure.  It should continue to be driven down through the organization (i.e. focus on D&I).
I believe pairing young professionals with older professionals is always a win-win situation.
Processes that used to be simpler are getting difficult to manage well with new layers of paperwork. Understandably we are a regulated business, so it cannot be removed completely, but simpler documentation procedures would help to allow more time to get work done
Take concrete steps to improve work life balance.
Strengthen cross divisional alignment;  enhance communication channels associated with the more streamlined governance processes rolled out
Continue to be innovative, and develop the first/best medicine in class.
Senior leaders (VPs and AVPs) should have confidential and open one on one with skip level staff, the ones who are on the ground or the ones who perform day to day execution (not involving executive directors or directors level) to get the real picture.  Also, annual raise must be at least same as the inflation rate and maintain the health insurance cost.  Merck Policies are interpreted and implemented differently across various departments, it should be consistently applied across the organization.  People managers should be held accountable for maintaining and respecting work life balance, developing skills in their staff and making available resources to their staff.   People managers must be required to prove that they have complied with these.
Human resorces is not working well in my country, it seems that we are not in the scope of HHRR area.
MERCK is too big of a company. Not that is a bad thing but there are too many layers to get things done quick; every change we try to make is just way too complicated to do that we end up not doing it just because how difficult the journey is...
Clarity of priorities from new leadership.
Maintain and improve the flexibility to work from home full time for job/roles allowing it. Invest in IT technology (hardware, software and apps etc.) for more efficiency and customer satisfaction. Be more Agile and reduce barrier and heavy process.
listen and get more feed back from the shop floor
Firstly, Merck is a great place to work but like any organization it has it's negatives. People talk about inclusion, new ways of working, MPS outcomes, and digital solutions outcomes...but I still see horrible meeting behaviors that ignore inclusion, MPS initiatives that don't focus on results, and digital gets thrown out there but isn't well defined. We can all do a better job challenging the use of digital and MPS to make sure it is focused on outcomes and to call out negative behaviors during meetings (i.e. yelling, insulting, etc).
Evaluate the expectation for in-person office hours. COVID showed us that Merck can be just as, if not more, productive in a virtual environment.
understanding individuals bandwidth what theoretically they can support vs what is reality to support a better work life balance.
Merck/MSD needs to be faster and more agile.  We need to respond more quickly and be willing to alter current processes when parts of our work are not value added.  We are overly conservative and risk averse and it causes us to be slow.
It is difficult to think of how to improve the workplace. I speak with friends at other companies and after listening to them I can't imagine working at a better company. My role, my manager and colleagues from lower to upper management are attentive and responsive to their professional work as well as even personal work.
Be open and honest if we need to have job cuts
Put more into face-to-face training and support
Reduce the number of online meetings, number of participants, and mass e-mails. Change presentations template, all are very similar, to much graphs and numbers, no talking at all about feelings.
I think Merck is doing a great job.  I am honored & take pride in being an employee.
Cut down on the endless  bureaucracy which compounds weekly.  EHS is no longer a source of assistance to help keep us safe; it is a quagmire of regulatory pronouncements that generally fail to consider the impact on workers, cost, or whether it actually makes this a safer workplace.  Some of the safety requirements actually hold more risk to implement than the risk being mitigated.  This is a program totally out of control.
- Please stop inundating us with "racial injustice" and diversity - please try to coordinate meetings to certain days and times ... we are now getting back into the habit of scheduling meetings whenever we want
Continued remote flexibility post-COVID 19.  Continue family/childcare support benefits. Consider work/life impact of unplanned high priority projects.
leave politics at the doorstep. this is supposed to be a science driven company lets do science
Merck and MSD has to get out of politics, they have to issue a statement to their employees that they will not be involved in politics once Ken Frazier leaves. They need to issue a statement saying that Ken Frazier comments and political agenda does not represent Merck and MSD and its employees and that it is his personal beliefs. If Merck truly wants to create an inclusive work place they have to truly make the hiring process fair for people of all beliefs and genders. They have to stop making a point to hire employees based  on gender, race and ethnicity to hit their quotas. This has gone to far, they need hire just based on skills knowledge and work ethic. Taking race, gender and religion off of the application would make it so that these points no longer can influence peoples decision as well as removing the quotas for hiring people based on these same issues.
Merck Canada has had layoffs every November since I joined, it does not feel like I have job security.   I do love working here & am proud to work for Merck.
Continue to work on the reduction of corporate 'red tape', anything that can be done to reduce excessive paperwork and streamline processes is always a move in the right direction.
Incorporate D&I in a way that does not create a sense that Merck wants to be our moral compass.  I have other sources for morality, ethics and feel Merck has over stepped approach in an attempt to correct an critical and underserved topic of D&I.  So it is absolutely time to engage in this space, but it is not my employers job to tell me how to think and believe.  Topic I am hearing from company broadly.
keep supporting D&I both at Merck and in the world.
It is a great place to work already. I think that the work from home that we are demanded to do right now is one of the biggest benefits that we have (at least at my country), it has allowed me to take care of my family, stay healthy and not to mention all the other benefits like less stress from commuting, money saver, time saver (time that I at least spent working or getting things done) it is more relaxed in so many ways, it allows a better working / life balance, so I would suggest to come up with a model that combines both methodologies or allow the liberty to choose whether you want to commute or not to the office for when the normality comes back.
Stay out of politics. Half of employees and half of customers do not agree with Merck leadership political stances lately.
I feel like there is so much emphasis on diversity, as an oncology core company, we are becoming known for applying Primary Care principles/sales approaches with oncology specialists.  We need to stick to the knitting and do what great oncology companies do!  For example; consider compassionate program requests beyond the label, especially for unique situations where the patient is in dire need, especially where there are already indications in the US for these indications.  Also stop trying to create excuses to try something digital in an oncology environment...why don't you start with an oncology need and THEN...find new digital ways to do things.
It is important that development and training opportunities are equal for employees. At least in themarket where I work, I believe it does not happen this way. I have the idea that most development opportunities are agreed even if they post the position, and I think in most areas development and training options are given to certain members of the team and not to all. Also, MSD should focus in being faster. It is a very innovative company, but the lack of speed hurts a lot our go-to-market process and our promotion
1. Enable the onboarding of necessary resources.  Hiring hold has made it hard to be highly successful when we're being asked to do more with less.  2. Allow return of GIFs on Teams!
MSD should develop strategic plan to build workforce with different years of experience. Some groups have same level of SMEs to perform the tasks which can be handled by junior person. People get stuck on the same role / level for many years and little hope to grow.
Less complicated ways of working together
Would like to see more women at the top of the organization, not just in HR and financial roles either. In scientific or commercial leadership roles.
Doing a great job
Improve employee recognition program so we feel appreciated
Continuing to be understanding through this unprecedented time. I also think Merck can do more to allow upward mobility while allowing employees to work remotely. Most families are two income families and it’s difficult to move for one job. Also, Merck should continue to close the income gap between men and women. I also think Merck can do more to hire African Americans within the company
Have HR follow up with employees when concerns are raised.
No steps I enjoy working for Merck and it is a great place to work.
Encouragement of work life balance from leaders above and being realistic about what we can accomplish in terms of priorities based on the resources we have.
Revaluate 50% percentile in regards to employee compensation and benefits. We are not competitive with local competition in the pharma industry based on my previous hiring experiences.
Be TRULY inclusive for everyone not based on the color of their skin but on what they can offer to the company.  It seems that all now is based on the color of skin.  In addition, it isn’t helpful when Ken Frazier speaks as if he speaks for us all and he doesn’t.  He needs to stay in his lane so we all feel like we are part of this company.  This company needs to not be Woke.  Merck is following mob mentality.
1. Care more for the environment by having eco-friendly options (for example by removing plastic silverware in cafeteria, turning lights off after 9 pm when no one is in the office, avoid food wastage during onsite meeting.  2. Let leadership show that they embrace diversity and inclusion through their actions (for example by having open discussions by LT about faith, religion at work; and by celebrating different festivals each month. it can be as simple as Flik offering food items relevant to certain festivals during certain month like Indian food during Diwali, Chinese food during lunar new year and  Jewish food during Rosh Hashanah).  3. Having more transparent hiring process.
Adjust pay to meet what our competitors compensate.  Get more field input into our resources.  Seems like CNN is influencing our daily work lives here at Merck.  We need less Politics as part of our workday.
Stay focused on our mission and avoid getting involved in politics that don’t further that mission. One wrong opinion, comment, or action can get Merck “cancelled” in today’s cancel culture. If that were to happen it would make our mission much more difficult.
Flexibility for working arrangements, including remote work arrangements for all staff, not just specific employees/groups.
Merck is a GREAT place to work. I feel valued and appreciated!!! I LOVE MERCK!!!
Employees should be empowered in different ways.  Work-life balance should be the key focus, employees will be able to lead a successful balance in work-life.  Offer flexible and remote working environment even after the lockdown period. Allow them to work remotely as often as possible.  Encourage and support team-building activities within the departments. Equipment and expense reimbursement is not handled consistently from department to department or division to division.  Provide developmental training to employees.  Allow managers to promote eligible employees.
In order to change the culture, I think it is important for leadership to be examples.  I do think that individuals new to the Merck have a different view of a large company and haven't figured out how to navigate organizations and connect to the central mission. One factor that makes it a great place to work is a sense of belonging.
Ken Frasier is a hard act to follow.  The successful transition to new leadership is key.  I would like to see us continue to support the community efforts that Ken Frasier has championed!
We should focus on the business and forego politics.
Continue supporting work/life balance. Keep politics out of the office. Right now more than ever, we are so divided, it would be nice to not feel that tension at work
When you say One Merck they need to include everyone union and company as one. Stop treating union personnel as if they are third class citizens and treat them as equals.
Ensure this company is inclusive and guarantees the same opportunity to all the employees.
Less process complexity in order to be more agile
I don't know
Higher more people in more impactful areas. I think MRL is stretched very thin and is unable to effectively work on needed areas to deliver better candidates for PCCs and clinical candidates.
Diversity - a lot of good effort to improve with the best intent, but the metrics are looked as an aggregate for functions, site, etc.  As a result, are you sure there are not diversity concerns within groups that would appear to be diverse at face value but are all 100% female, from one geographic area or ethnic group, with the same work history, etc.
Embrace what other companies have done with vaccine technology. We were supposed to focus on vaccines after Organon, yet a vaccine for COVID has been a big challenge.
Continue to support employees as of have done until now.
Stop forcing us to use systems and tools that are overkill for our work.  The amount of work that it takes to make a change anymore prevents us from being able to continuously improve anything.  One simple change should not require change requests in three systems with 10 rounds of reviews and approvals, many of them redundant.  It takes months of work to make improvements that used to take days and the level of compliance has not been improved - the old systems were just as robust (even the manual ones).  There are so many opportunities to improve reliability, performance, and compliance but we just don't have the flexibility anymore because we are forced to use overly complicated systems and we don't have the physical or emotional capacity to tackle anything other than critical items anymore.
Make sure they know the true environment that sales representatives are working through during Covid. Manager has made it seem like we are not trying, but we all are working hard trying to gain additional appointments. Instead of harping on us to get more appointments, try to help us work through those hard accounts.
For job functions that require focused individual concentration for much of the work day, modify the current open office plans to provide small individual touchdown offices where staff can spend the balance of their day working or calling into remote meetings, and open spaces or break-out rooms that can be used for interactive discussions with those present on site.  The current approach to placing employees in open space for much of the day is counter-productive for a number of departments.
To go on like this!
Continue  to focus on Merck's legacy of ethics and integrity and not be influenced in that mission by the political factions outside.  Stay above the fray and operate the business with unwavering ethics and integrity so as many people as possible can truly benefit from what we have to offer the world.
To provide a real WELLBEING: LOVE MSD, the MSD culture but sometimes it is difficult to enjoy life with the extra work at MSD
Keep politics out of corporate messaging by leaders
We are so worried about offending someone that we either offend one side or the other. Everyone is so out for themselves right now that I'm scared to get caught in the power struggle. I have actually never been more worried about losing my job at Merck than I am right now.
be more flexible but without compromising compliance and ethical issues; review job requirements and work load on certain area to allow for a better balance between work and personal time
Stay out of politics at the corporate level.  Reduce bureaucracy within the company
Please stick to the health and well being of people and animals, and not take political stances. Our country is currently divided when it comes to politics, and every time a political decision is made you are alienating half of our client base. Diversity is important, and this company is extremely divers with  people of all culture, race and religion. Again, when political decisions are made by a corporation it’s a reflection of the employees...who may or may not have the same beliefs or political views.
Stay focused on how we can improve the lives of people through medicines and advances in health care
Less fluff and more substance  ... we say as a company we are going to do things but when it gets down to the business or site level they dont occur and leaders are reluctant to push back or alert senior management.
Need to see a commitment from leadership to be the change we need to see. More transparency, more equity, more agility. We need them to be roadblock removers.
As a company overall, I think Merck does an outstanding job taking care of its employees.  I think they also do a solid job of communicating what is going on with the business.  I think some courses or training sessions on Ways of Working and Diversity/Inclusion would be useful via mylearning.
Evaluate there is an adequate amount of resources in each department for the critical work that is required to be completed.
Continue to empower people - push decision making down in the organization to the right level.  Continue to support employees as they navigate the pandemic challenges (kids in school part time, summer challenges with caretaking, family members not able to be vaccinated, etc.)
Continue strenghtening te capabilities of employees, reinforce the work done for our security.  Investing more effort in innovation, learn from the things that didnt work well with previous molecules.
Recognize length of service and get pay in line with the current level of those just coming into the company.  People talk, we're not stupid!
1. Align priorities across teams, create global strategy with clear affect to every single team (very often good global ideas are turned to controversial directions when dive deeper - example is cloud strategy when company is focused to Amazon cloud but reality of usual workplace is built on Microsoft, it causes many non-effective and greatly expensive solutions when part is sitting in Amazon, part in MS and routing and infrastructure setup is one of the most complicated and fail created part. 2.  Coordinate real collaboration between division(s) and central IT, IT is dedicated to serve divisions, but when divisions are coming with "deal done" solution where is no any existing technology respected we can hardly provide innovative and agile approach - we have to follow the budget 3. Work patiently with specialists, engineers, trust them - we are struggling with capacity and many cost-saving initiatives generates situation when we need to decide which patient will survive...
Dare to challenge at the leadership level - and be more forthright to the larger employee population about lessons learned. Act with more urgency when it comes to attracting and developing the best talent. Provide more support for intrapreneurs, network analysis (to identify positive change makers / influencers), and encourage empowered, cross-division collaboration. Give people a sense of excitement about growing their careers internally with more opportunities for lateral and vertical growth.
I've heard from counterparts at other companies that their employers promote a culture of health and well being in part by reimbursing them for a gym membership/other fitness expenses like a Peloton membership up to a certain amount. It would be nice if we had that too.
Make sure to value and recognize long-range work and dedication, as much as the "high-visibility quick wins". Bring some external independent view at department-level to suggest improvements. Keep an open 360 degrees / bottom-up feedbacks culture.
bring back laptops for the field
Managers at the department level should show fairness and build an inclusive culture that values different perspectives (particularly valuing disagreements).  Also, Merck and MSD may consider limiting number of initiatives for the employees (such as process improvements, developmental initiatives beyond the job description) so that employees can focus on the project/product-specific deliverables and still manage a good work-life balance.
I feel that at the moment it is very important to review the labor market and how things are moving. A number of people are leaving the company and those of us who remain are worried about being overloaded with work. Plus the differences (salary and benefits) with these other jobs, where it's not clear whether we have advantages or not.
use technology that works without many issues
Continue with the culture that Ken Frazier has fostered throughout his tenure as CEO.  His leadership flows down to every corner of the organization and it needs to be maintained and nourished as best as possible.
Foster a culture of inclusion, diversity and support for everyone.
Continue to promote the new ways of working and that it is ok to speak up and make mistakes, just learn from them and move forward. Continue to invest in future leaders as many of our senior leadership will retire soon. I did a multipliers training course with our leadership team which was excellent! In my opinion, a multipliers mindset should be instilled in all of us at Merck.
As a corporation we are lagging on our digital strategy.  Different departments/organizations are all doing their own thing and the data is not linking up.  We need to get the ships sailing in the same direction (or at least get everyone on the same ship)
Allow younger leaders to make decisions were appropriate
I think that Merck can consider employees working from home or other flexible locations permanently since this has worked well last year. This arrangement has allowed the work balance to include more time with family while completing all work activities.
Workload balance to avoid errors as per lack of resources.
Look ahead and be proactive. Too much reactive on things that can be controlled.
Take leaps on talent. Grab from other parts of the company
Focus on creating innovative medical solutions that solve unmet needs.
To focus on stabilizing personnel, processes, work conditions. Simplification of internal processes.
Be transparent in terms of promotion's as the imp of "HOW"
Work on removing barriers that slow down our work, also removing barriers that allow us to be more creative and innovate to finally make a transition from old ways of working to new ways of working.
Focus on medicine and stay out of politics.
Whatever steps it takes to either develop successful internal drug candidates  or find those external opportunities to develop drug candidates that are licensed in or developed in partnership with another entity.
Merck is on the right track leading D&I, as well as continuing to engage the greatest minds and talent in all areas of our business.  This will continue to deliver innovation and make Merck continue to be a great place to work.
Continue being transparent; decide what roles could remain permanent remote work positions or at least advise who will be responsible for determining whether a role can remain remote.
Stop asking so much of the employees. Most people i know that work around me work very long hours to support Merck's goals and success. we should not need everyone pulling heroics to accomplish Merck's goals.  Myself have spent most of 2020 sitting at my work computer working 10-12 hours a day totaling 50-60 hours a week. I have seen people working weekends and at 3 or 4 in the morning. This should not be OK.
Improvement in job skills training.  Not On Boarding, but the actual training which is required to do my job.  There are numerous job aids developed on the side for the job, but new people in our group do not get consistent training and the method by which each person is "signed off" is different as well based on who their trainer is.  Inconsistencies has caused much rework in my area.
Merck should stay out of politics. These are polarizing issues and the organization should not be speaking for all its employees or our customers. we are losing business and employees over it.
stop doing things that alienate the front line worker.  Don't cut pay.  Stop creating work that doesn't help us reach our goals.  Making multiple training logs does zero for improving training, only makes it easier to track for all our managers that now work from home.  Increase research.  Focus on the company goals and stop taking public positions on political/social issues.  We are hear to save lives through medicine, so stay aligned to that purpose.
Merck and MSD both communicate well to their employees which makes it easier to work and deliver on projected goals
Encourage cooperation over competition Involve Employees in Corporate Social Responsibility Initiatives Feedback from management and leadership is important to ensure employees understand the value they provide and the difference it makes at the organization. Find more ways to create safe environments for people to voice their concerns Parental leave for both parents.
Involving users able to speak-up in the countries,  from the beginning of a initiative, process review .... to be sure that the delivery will be appropriate, simple to use and helpful for them !!!
1) Critically assess the bandwidth/capacity of our people to ensure a viable and sustainable workforce. 2) Continue to create opportunities and mechanisms to transition from Silos to Networks and other WoW
address US and global pricing risk improve work/life balance walk the talk with ways of working - not all senior management are comfortable yet with people speaking up and challenging the status quo Ensure diversity initiatives also focus on women.  Women have shouldered more of the child care responsibility with COVID, and I hear this coming up in talent conversations
Direct managers are not supportive of their employees at my particular site. Which does create an uncomfortable work environment not open to change or suggestion from non-managers. Those not in the manager position are not always treated with respect which adds to that uncomfortable work environment and creates tension and stress.
insure that offensive language and opinions are not shared in public places like break rooms so everyone feels welcome  and safe from bulling from those that may have a different opinion. Our breakroom in B5 here in Elkton Va. is the most discriminitory places I have ever taken my lunch in!!!!!
I don't have any specific suggestions at present.  I am very proud of Merck and its public stance on diversity, inclusion and anti-racism, as well as its well-earned reputation for quality and integrity.  I just wish i could figure out how to do my job well within a 40 - 45 hr. workweek.  I will add that my direct manager and her colleagues have made great progress in the past year regarding listening to our needs and removing barriers to getting our jobs done, and in  supporting my colleagues and I regarding our personal wellness.  It's all on a good trajectory!
Our company can align better the global corporate perspective and the needs of local country operational companies. In particular I mean decision-making when purchasing technical systems, that probably is useful for global headquarters, but makes inputting data very hard for local parties.
Racial equality, and the many other subgroups of our company such as the Women's Network, are all very important, I agree, but now the white man is distributed against. In all of these efforts to make everyone feel "included" or "important" (like the "snowflake" generation where everyone on the team gets a trophy), we end up doing exactly what we "preach" not to do, which is segregate people. Individuals should be recognized and rewarded for excellent work, no matter what race, religion, gender, etc. Constantly receiving emails and newsletters about this group or that group just cements the fact that we have become what we are trying so desperately to prove we aren't, which is a company of exclusion.
1) Especially for support organizations we need to consider whether we have the right support (expertise & number of people) as the company changes.  Some support orgs have nearly steady headcount over the last 10 years while Merck has acquired other companies, sites and products.  Lack of resourcing can cause overload and missed requirements. Similarly, budgets cut each year (understandably), but support groups can't afford contract support to fill resource gaps.  Without assessing holistically we aren't getting everything Right First Time & are may not be the premier research company we aim to be. 2) Within our global org we still work in silos. We've gotten better, but need more communication on priorities at LOB and site or COE level so we can share the work and the outcomes. And need more day to day coordination if actions/decisions affect other teams in the org. 3) Leverage technology more.  Roll-out platforms with more pre-learning for successful adoption.
keep doing what we've been doing for 130 years!
Continue with the COVID-19 town halls.  They are very informative in a world where there is much disinformation.  Also, continue sharing information on where we are heading from a product pipeline perspective.  It is very interesting to know our future focus.
Do not pressure the office staff to return to the office.  We have proven we can work well remotely.
1. continue promoted integrated work (different departments working together not only in projects, also in daily basis) 2. continue promoted simplicity 3. Build MPS mindset (lean mindset) in the whole company not only model areas.
Salary increases
Merck is taking political positions that are far left and borderline extremist.  By Merck's Strong political statements, they are alienating 1/2 the employees and 1/2 the customers in the US.  This is not good business, Merck should not have a visible political stance on issues that do not have a direct effect on the pharmaceutical business.  Merck's focus on D&I is overbearing and inappropriate.  99% or all people are good, black, white, Hispanic, Christian, Muslims, gays, male, female, or police officers it does not matter most all people are good and have good intensions.  There are bad apples in all segments of people as well.  Merck's Focus on D&I is focusing on the 1% or bad apples and appears to be a deliberate attempt to bring the bad out in people.
Stop focusing on diversity. You are separating our company by race, sexual orientation, ethnicity and many other categories .  The more you focus on it the more you are putting up barriers and insisting people identify within a category.    When you say we need more diversity, I hear I’m not good enough.
The leadership style and folks that have been brought in over the past 5-10 years have been a positive improvement at Merck.  Continue to build upon that style and recruit cutting edge leaders that are willing to listen and move beyond the previous bureaucracy by which Merck was known.
Merck is already doing a great job. All the initiatives re: Covid have been well received.
Stay out of politics
We have many, many initiatives across the enterprise - they all pull resources ($ and people).  I think we should aggressively prioritize our top projects so that resources are not so stretched and we can effectively staff the projects to achieve success.
Do not only wanted to receive certification for people working at MDS with less of 35 years...   There are also great professional full commitment with MSD beyond that ages. that provides efficiency and be more stables...
invest in the future across multiple sources of business instead of focusing only on what drives results today
Continue to grow when it comes to D&I.
Retain, promote, and reward top scientific talent in a timely manner. Increase decision-making power, autonomy, and value for Research (R) Ladder employees.
Keep providing updates and information sessions to the company
Apply measures taken in 2020 for the future, like working from home.
Listen more to other's perspectives on project tasks, try to incorporate more of the input rather than take a one vision approach.
Working from home is such a win win situation we should continue in this way. More hours are put in this way for sure! Feels better knowing you can logg in anytime to do something you did not have time to do but needed to be done.
We do a lot. and I am very graetfull. Mayby more soft competency trainings for managers, and reinforce being a good colleague among all of us
Merck should 100% allow all sales reps be allowed back into the field and let us and our customers make the decision when to resume face to face discussions. we need to get back to work and get our economy going. our competition is back to work and we need to be engaging our customers face to face and not thru zoom meetings & emails. I am happy to celebrate my 1 year anniversary with merck in feb and happy to be here. I do want merck to remember that all clinics matter. not just the big ones. every dollar counts. whether comes from a single doc practice or the big. we are trying to get too big and forget that the smaller clinic dollars do add up and they value us so much because we valued them. i don't want to turn into a zoetis. we need better marketing support yo promote our products in clinics. trying to balance a work/family life balance is tough. being a sales rep, our plates are full and merck keeps adding admin tasks that keep us behind a computer instead of being in the field.
I wish Our Chairman and CEO was not a Racist
Better prioritization of work to avoid employee burnout. Less meetings and less country visits by Executive Leadership prior to Organon spin which is putting additional burden on already maxed out workload capacity (many employees are regularly working 60-70+ hour work weeks in addition to coping with COVID and social unrest). Let the Organon spin happen before scheduling "country visits"!
Continue being open to doing things differently; take suggestions from the field and make attempts to implement solutions.
Continue to strengthen our Pipeline by focusing on the long term medical needs Adopting and diffusion WoW and Agile values and mind-set across the organization Being constantly Customer focused in every thing we do to bring differentiated Customer Experience
I feel extremely grateful to have the option to work from home since last March.  Work/life balance since this pandemic has been very difficult and working from home has allowed me to manage my stress level very well.  I am able to focus on my work and give 100%.  I hope that once the pandemic is over, we will still have the option to work from home.  We are fully set up, and not having to travel is an extra bonus.
If we are truly dedicated to D&I, we need to put our money where our mouths are and revamp/amend our recruiting processes to include schools/universities that we don't traditionally go to.  I've been waiting 20yrs to see a black female chemist in Discovery Process Chemistry and so say that students of color 'are hard to find' will not cut it anymore!
I think the no afternoon meetings on Fridays was an excellent start and not having to answer emails late or on weekends.  This needs to be the culture here at Merck that we support a work/life balance and that people do not feel pressure to have to always be working.
be consistent in how job leveling is applied
Keep values as the focus of our work.  Teach employees how they can support these values and contribute to company growth.
Maintain our position and presence in justice and equality issues as led by Fraiser.  Keep using the MPS approach to problem resolution in processes and consider extending to Finance, HR and other administrative areas.
More support for childcare. More flexible work schedules, 4 day work week
Find the way to balance work and personal life.
Somehow we need to better enable work life balance issues. Prioritization, ability to close the laptop or put down the mobile devices are impacting our workforce's ability to setup boundaries.
Sometimes meetings are too big and including people who are not very relevant to the topic. I think it is important to include right people in meetings. New hires need more supervision before they can independently work on projects.
Success will continue by focusing on PATIENTS - my hope is we can move forward from the pandemic to live our mission.  Live interaction is critical to success.
connect more with people needs , count on their feedback  and adjust Comp &Ben package to market range especially for senior employees working for many years in the company
Think of different ways to have a work life balance. Availability to continue working remote, flexible work hours (free friday afternoon), reinforce the need to diminish the amount of meetings, etc)
Discover great medicines and vaccines that change lives. Empower people.  Stay out of political issues.
Hire the adequate number of employees to ensure success and not overwhelm the workforce.
level focus& priorities among the organisation and work all in the same direction.
Improvements to work/life balance.  Too many employees are forced to work evenings/weekends to keep up with production needs.
Less Representative’s in a territory.  Many people say and know Merck is “Very Conservative”. Relook/ease up on some compliance topics. There are other companies that are still compliant but with less restrictions.  When co marketing with other companies, have agreements between each company that support collaboration and synergy vs pulling reps in different directions.
Improve efficiency, cut process, follow through on what you say, find people that actually want to do their job.
We have too many layers of policies and what fits for human health does not fit for animal health. We have corporate policy we have site to site policies, and we have manager to manager policies. No one can keep track of what policy you are to be following. There is always the excuse that its up to the management and management changes their minds depending on who is involved.
Consult with persons at the work level when changing or upgrading processes.
Pay attention to multi generational workforce.  The recent graduates who bring energy, innovation and challenge the status quo.  Listen to them.  Also leverage the wisdom and experience of those who have been in the workforce for decades.  There is a balance and blending of both that will be powerful if Merck and MSD can take advantage of it.
After the Pandemic ,  still have the possibility to work remotely , have an hybrid work environment between  the office and home.  We have the tools now to all work remotely and still be very  efficient.  Our Internal and External customers haven't  suffer too much about the employees  working remotely.
Keep work and politics separated just like religion and work are kept separated.  Focus on what we can do at Merck to drive business, become more nimble and efficient in our processes
Merck/MSD is a great place to work with life changing products that positively impact patients lives. Continue to push forward on developing innovative and novel products that allow us to continue impacting patient outcomes and quality of life.
I personally wish politics and diversity was not so broadcast as I feel we are a diverse company and I don't want to go to work to hear everyday how "we are different".  We are professionals.  I just want to come to work to work.
A better balance of work-life.
Assign appropriate workload.
Retention within a department doesn't seem to be prioritized enough.  Higher turnover seems to be accepted in the past 5 years, and it impedes ability to focus on the important work, when we spend time to fill open positions and train new people.
Offer modified work schedules. The 5 day work week is completely outdated Offer more vacation.  Merck needs to be competitive with other industries and offer 6 weeks. And provide customer and Pharmacovigilance in Canada for animal health to extend beyond 4.30 PM eastern time.  Merck Animal Health Canada is too Quebec centric and too eastern time zone centric.  That shows a lack of diversity and inclusion for customers in different time zones of Canada.  I would like to see Merck Animal Health canada offer pet owner brochures in languages other than English and French, please start including Mandarin and Cantonese.  Thank you for the survey and the opportunity to share our thinking.
There are 10 things: 1. Training and development  2. Workplace justice 3. Respect 4. Trust 5. Work-life balance 6. Diversity 7. A Voice 8. Innovation 9. Pride in a job well done 10. Avoid company politics
Have managers who walk the talk. I believe that there is a lot of noise about D&I and work/life balance, but I do not believe all managers epitomize it or fully support their employees here. Examples include: sympathizing that we work too much and encouraging us to prioritize and say no, but then having days that start with a meeting at 7 am and end with a meeting that goes until 5:30 pm (implying that that's how long the workday should be); saying that they understand the difficulties that working from home has created but making it extremely difficult/uncomfortable to request basic office supplies via the company-wide employee purchase program.   It's troubling and disappointing that these are all topics that have been repeatedly and heavily discussed, but no real changes have been implemented that have had a broad and true impact throughout the organization.
It often appears that legal is making business decisions instead of just providing business leaders with what the legal risk is for a situation.
Select a day / week where there are no meetings. After 13 months working from home, the mental fatigue continues to escalate due to the number of meeting requests each day.
From a perspective of IT, it would be great if the company could start taking IT seriously not purely as a support organisation but as a technology partner. To make this happen you would need to start hiring IT people into senior IT positions, make sure that all people within IT truly have a technology background( prioritising software development experience, or at least some form of IT hard skills, true experience from large scale technology projects etc.) and are able to function with relevance towards their business stakeholders. Unfortunately at the current moment very often this is not the case and most of our business partners can see this. We should also start thinking about merging parts of what we currently call IT directly into the business areas so that the people can gain expertise and have common goals with the business .
Provide more focus on Business Unit activities for Manufacturing, Clinical Research, Laboratory, and Quality activities.
Investment in employees - trainings, qualifications, exchange programs inside Merck and MSD between different countries
Lighten up and make it a fun place to work. Salaries of dedicated long term Merck employees should be as high or exceed that of newly acquired  talent.  I have been in sales for 19 years at Merck, multiple VP winner and my salary for my range in Oncology will never max out as I do not hope to work 10 more years whereas new and less experienced reps have been brought in at equal or higher starting salaries.
Increase base salaries (expand the salary band) and make commensurate with experience/tenure in the division as well as with direct competitor companies.  This will most certainly retain the young, vibrant and talented new hires and will attract even better representatives.
We need more outside in thinking to help us go from lagging behind to the leading edge. This can be done by adding more automation systems so redundant, mindless, manual work can be done by a system so individuals can use their brain power for more exciting/complex work. We also need hiring managers to take more chances on people with potential instead of having them check unnecessary boxes that aren't necessary to do a role. Also, in-role promotions should be more common instead of everyone vying for the very few roles at the top. Too many people are doing the work at the next level and aren't compensated appropriately or have a title that reflects that. We should also step outside the box in terms of our pipeline. We can still have a focus but we need to look at more biomedical innovations in order to remain at the top of our industry.
Make decisions at the right level.  Our grant of authorities haven't been updated in a long time.
Keep Walking the Talk and stick to our Mission - Inventing for Life
~Reduce the legal strangleholds currently in place which prevent us from competing  in the field. ~Stop shoving D&I down our throats.  People should be kind to ALL other humans and the best person for the job/project/committee should be selected, regardless of race, color, sex, ethnicity etc.  People should NOT be promoted to DCO/CTL by way of the good old boys network and playing favorites. ~Provide solid managerial training for CTLs and DCOs.
Beneficts
Take care of the people and treat all individuals the same. Really try to support life/work balance and understand that this is a job, not our life. Develop systems to work smarter and not harder (overloading people).
Maketing to sales more & more....
When rolling out changes, ensure that the appropriate updates and processes are tested and working correctly before they are introduced. Stepwise rollouts and untested processes make it difficult to understand the changes and ensure they are implemented in the correct way.
Merck is doing a great job for giving us comfort and wellbeing. I´m so proud to be part of .......
- communicate clear and sustainable IT strategy  - do not rush on new ways of working, experiment carefully with agility and profit as much as possible from collected feedback  - think about bringing multiple changes at the same time (org+ways of working + tactical steps)
Merck could assist business and customer segments that currently and historically have less diversity to better understand Merck’s messaging with out causing those segments to feel excluded or less.
Provide more up-to date technology/reports for us to do our jobs.  Take inventory of what everyone is working on as there is a lot of duplicate work with initiatives going on.  No one is talking to each other (this seems to be a trend for several years).  Stop piling on the CRAs without taking something away.  New things are rolling out, but they don't make the job easier - they are just different ways of doing something and it is not always more efficient.
initiate team-building among colleagues - even one lone wolf is one too many- we need more truly collaborative team players.  Encourage colleagues to recognize lateral and lateral/adjacent colleagues. This fosters goodwill over competitiveness, when lateral colleagues are both in the same trenches.  Recognize failures as opportunities for true growth. Managers should Model examples.  Increase transparency as much as possible...consider embracing pay equity and salary transparency, to better understand why we are paid what we are paid and what we need to do to reach the next step.  *As the new org appears to be doing* continue to celebrate promotions (a welcome change from the old org) Last, to increase engagement, continue to provide visibility to lower band level individual contributor employees and support staff.
Be clear about plans for the company and its workstreams
Take Ken Frasier off the pulpit when it comes to speaking about anything political that does not involve medicine.  People are starting to feel that their individual politics being challenged at work.
We need to actively stop some work that's distracting and/or nonvalue added.  When you are part of a service organization, the competing priorities from across divisions and the limited resources to deliver creates strain and stress.   Continue to look at way to take work out of the system
Better balance the workload of employees
Continue recruiting diverse talent and being inclusive to them.
Re-evaluate our reporting structure to ensure we truly go from Silos to Networks
Trainings to the manager in order to improve in the process of empowerment to the people, achieve a way of work based on freedom with responsibility
Refrain from the Political field position statements
Make work from home a reality.  Better work-life balance.  More benefits FOR working from home.
Continue to strive for an environment where all perspectives are considered in decision making
Continue to be doing what the company is doing right now.
Continue to promote work/life balance.  Ensure recruitment/retention of top talent to ensure Merck/MSD is at the forefront of innovation versus following others.
I want to do more volunteer work myself, and during our virtual work, I would love to see possibilities for virtual volunteer and organizing opportunities. I think we have a great system for volunteering at Merck and I want that to continue to be emphasized
Continue to support employees as you shave done during pandemic
Simplify processes and layers of organizations. Its hard to get things done sometimes with so many levels/layers.
Find ways to encourage employees to build a career with Merck, even if that means moving within the company.  People will eventually look for new opportunities, but we should be working on ensuring that they're finding them within this company.
Have consistent and present bridge programs.  Programs that bridge current employees into Leadership or Executive Leadership roles that aren’t made up but are a company wide type program that is applicable to the various divisions .  Have a certain number of system that makes it easier for you to get specific questions answered vs. because this is a large company, having resources spread out over a million different sites. Which makes you give up at trying to find a solution.  Become more nimble don’t hide behind “that’s how we’ve always done things/responded.    In terms of this survey, some of the questions deserved an opportunity to respond but you’re not given that opportunity.  Going forward, why not give each question space to the person to respond if they dream it appropriate.
Be careful that we’re not mixing D&I and politics. I get a little uneasy sometimes that our leadership is forcing their political beliefs into our day to day business.
Spot a talent and promote/grow. Slow career advancement. Fair treatment of career advancement or equal opportunity in career growth.
We benchmark salaries to the average. Are we not a leader in this industry? Why are we not in the upper end of the industry for salary? We lose a lot of great talent to other companies who pay more.
prefer not to say
I have seen Merck change in good ways &not such good ways the past 30 years. now as a sales person i have WAY too much on my plate -lots of new apps/technology w/poor training and high expectations to use them. Vaccines is complex &that i enjoy but territories are too large and all the applications we must employ from MMA to outlook to VIQ to QLIK etc is mind boggling. we need laptops /monitors . My sight, back and neck have been affected ...empower people, give us useful tools, level the playing field & get out of our way and allow us do our jobs. Also make growth the reward and get rid of PPO. It is beyond ridiculous to be measured by PPO.  Those are the cons. Positives - Great manager, i felt very safe during pandemic and cared for,and of course appreciated being paid and the very generous 100% PPO for 1S 2020.  Some of the new tools are nice like OCMS and remote FFMs. Appreciate that others may benefit from remote gigs and remote jobs that used to require HQ relocation as well.
Be open to innovative ideas as long as they align with the business of Merck. Merck talks innovation, however it seems things are still done as usual and innovative (evidenced-based) ideas are not embraced.
Revisit the tight restrictions on community-facing initiatives so that we can provide more support/have a greater MERCK presence in the community by providing services/programs similar to our competitors, who are also managing risk.
I would like to see our ability to implement our new technology's and company products faster to the end user. Also, I think Canada and USA need to work together better as many things such as marketing and materials can be utilized by both instead of each doing their own.  I also feel like these new companies that are building software and technologies need to involve the sales rep to get our inputs as a final product that we really need, instead of having to change it at the end multiple times.
I love working for Merck and think its a great company
Continue offering excellent benefits packages with excellent Insurance, 401k, Pension, and Time Off.
I think Merck should continue to support our work/life balance...please do not change. This has been the best balance of my career. I think Merck should recognize the pain that black employees -SPECIFICALLY AMERICAN DESCENDANTS OF SLAVES.... may be suffering right now in this social and political climate. Too often black problems are grouped into other "DIVERSE" groups at work. I want to see more black women in leadership. We are more than qualified.
Improvements in transitioning to more efficient or digital solutions still need to be made in some areas.  Not all sites are resourced with SMEs or staffing to implement solutions, but those solutions are needed to help enable the sites continue to support the company's objectives.  There is a lot of focus on coaching and mentoring our workforce, but that seems to fall off at certain levels.  Regardless of position, employees still want to feel seen and supported within the company.
Review company policies at least every three years and update as necessary. Improve and modernize internal IT programs.
Many great things that should continue.  Focus on D&I for example.  Flexible work arrangements. Salary ranges are not competitive with our direct competitors.  One rep on our team went to a competitor and almost doubled their salary.  I’ve above my salary range and haven’t gotten a raise in 5 years.  Yet all of my expenses have gone up.
We need to increase visibility to digital technologies. I have found that there exist projects that could greatly support my work/division but I was previously unaware that they existed
Enable home based working for the long term
Especially in these times, I believe that most of my colleagues, including myself at times, feel tremendous pressure to appropriately manage home and work life as more family members work from home in a household. This is further compounded by limited childcare options for those that have children. I  believe that continuing to support employees who are trying to manage this new way of working, especially with children at home, will yield greater employee satisfaction and in turn, produce better work from employees.
I’m not certain that Merck acknowledges the differences across the nations in changes experienced by individuals as a result of the pandemic.  Including children not in school, elder parents needing support (grocery getting, housework etc. for fear of leaving home or having outsiders in their home)
Minimize duplicate efforts, create value together and not separately.
I fully understand the complexity of the work but if we could simplify certain processes it would be greatly appreciated in our day to day life.
Perhaps better ways to streamline company-wide communications of updates and available resources to its employees
Properly evaluate the impact of change to the shop floor when designing the strategy for Global/Site based initiatives. For example, when WP moved to SAP, representatives from each area were pulled and became SMEs on the system and then released back to their home groups where they acted as inline SMEs. This was an effective model. A change like GLIMS could have benefited from a similar strategy.
Level out the pay gap between top executives and new employees. Team members should be paid adequately for the degrees that they have earned - regardless of status within the company.  To better deliver on our mission, work to make medicines more affordable. (Reducing higher executive salaries could help ;) ) Our mission is to save and improve lives - why would we let a financial barrier get in the way of that?
Transparency in our company actions, share long term principles and planning that acknowledge where the planet is heading in the next 50 to 100 years from climate and sociopolitical standpoints.
Continue to break down internal barriers to speed up the pace of change.  Include and leverage the knowledge and experience of those closest to our customers when making decisions about strategy, resources, tactics.  Continue to communicate frequently and with full transparency at all levels of the organization.  Merck is our people - Attract the best talent and make sure we compensate our people at the high end of comparable companies.
There is a large difference between Animal Health and Human Health.  Most support functions are only for Human Health leaving Animal Health to have figure out solutions on their own without support.  There is also a large difference in what the strategic direction is for AH vs. HH.  The business meetings are always geared toward HH and leaves a confusing message for AH.  Also initiatives seem to be rolled out in HH during COVID but were not put in place in HH.  Like the "Are you ok? Day.  What was? To me it was happening some where but I wasn't made to feel apart of it.  Feels like I work for different company that doesn't get all the benefits of HH.  In addition, there is a lot of management that needs to be coached on how to be good managers.  It seems like on the HH side, I see a lot of people that have good leaderships skills but that is not the case in AH.  Once again, I feel like I work for a different company in AH.  We need better leaders in AH.
to care more regarding the work load of the employees, due to restructure employees get more and more tasks but with no more value for the employees. On the other hand leaders are always talking about work-life balance. This doesn't fit together. It looks like that the Learning Organization is not meant for assistants of all levels. No training concepts, no development plans for admins!
Continue to look at benefits, flexibility, culture, and opportunities for work/life balance. Continue to look at opportunities with ways of working to streamline processes and innovative ways to achieve results.
Continue the course, I am a very long-time employee and am grateful for the excellent managers and company leaders I have had along the way.  I would highly recommend Merck to anyone interested in becoming and employee.
COVID times have shifted our work from site based to remote. It has enabled us to balance work and our personal lives. I think focusing on that balance after COVID will help us continue to manage our work and personal lives and by doing so we will be better at managing stress and be more productive all around.
Continue to allow work/life balance as a practice
Find ways to reward employees for the extra work you know we are all doing during these times
Take diversity and inclusion seriously.  Also continue reinforcing the importance of Ways of Working behaviors (and holding senior leaders and employees accountable--in actions rather than just words).
Free access to online exercise programs or apps. in order to help employees stay active and improve mental well-being.
Hold functions & managers accountable to the commitments to truly empower employees (ie, to not micro-manage) and to remove barriers (and not add new hurdles).
Some way, return to the Merck that i use to be proud to be an employee of. I use to feel like i was part of the entire Merck family, not just a number on their list of numbers.
Continue supporting flexibility, work-life balance and employees development.
Value and reward and promote people with experience who have significantly contributed to success.. Diversity doesn't only mean different skin color or how one "identifies" their gender
Continue to develop opportunities.  More communication to lower level staff on updates and ways to move up and within the company.
Ask teams what they need instead of being committed on providing people with that you think they need. There is often a disconnect between the two. For example, as a CRA, it would be helpful to have the RMSDs provide more therapeutic area training/updates across the board so that we know as much current information as possible. I've been on teams where the RMSDs have offered but the clinical group declined. This makes absolutely no sense. We need to understand the most current landscape of treatment to be able to perform our job responsibilities better. We are still too siloed as a group and it's detrimental to productivity and quality.
Hear voices that have different opinion. Allow people located not in in "WP or RW" to have a career and have responsibilities. Give people a chance who give you different perspective. Engage with "non-US" habits. Consider that something else may be good as well. Consider good intent.
Merck needs to understand and appreciate the global diversity of MSD. Working in Africa I often feel excluded. Examples include senior leaders greeting US, Europe and Asia during Global meetings. Additionally there is definitely a bias towards hiring US trained candidates in the US, while well trained US employees that have non US degrees are often skipped over. Please can you explore this bias.
Be cognizant of the workload to employees and the sites we work with. Scheduling multiple DBLs in a short period of time is very time consuming when working on multiple protocols.  We can appreciate getting drug to market faster but we must also be cognizant at what cost to all involved in the short and long run.  At some point further resistance will occur - if we are to truly build upon relationships what better way than to allow time and understanding of the process this takes on front line workers.  Understanding each role/dept. in the company and their value in its entirety and not just the bottom line to investors and various stakeholders...I think sometimes companies lose site that their employees are important stakeholders as well.  I enjoy working for Merck but there are always ways to improve upon ourselves and the collective. Lessening the number of DBLs, initiatives, new system implementations, processes will help in this endeavor...too much all at once is overwhelming.
Listen to the worker bees.  Forcing people into a new company without any say is not good for morale at either place.  The people in charge at NEWCO do not appear to be listening to the worker bees and too much is expected of too few people and in too short of a timeframe.  Losing good people left and right because of how this was handled and it is very sad.  Grateful everyday I was not someone forced to go there but it is affecting co-workers and all hands are on deck to help stand them up but they aren't setting them up for long-term success.
Be transparent as much as possible especially on short to mid-term strategy of the company so people feel secure on the job and to better understand where to focus
We need to continue being vigilant about breaking down silos and not creating new ones, even if unintentionally
Salary is not nearly on par with competitors - people are starting to leave based on poor compensation.
Employees are shouldering incredible workloads right now.  I am working more hours than I did when I was in the office and there is no end in sight.  The amount of organizational change is adding to this burden.  Many employees, myself included, are being asked to take on more responsibility in their job as well as with special projects.  In addition, the loss of many employees to Organon has left functional expertise gaps in some areas that remaining employees have to either work around or absorb themselves.  All of these things are contributing to very long hours, as well as working even when you are technically on vacation.   By March I already felt completely burnt out.
Increase the number and levels of promotions; it seems when I hear collogues complain or decide to leave the company, the inability to receive a promotion is always a major issue.
1. Improve Corporate IT.  Less outsourcing.  HCL is very difficult to work with. 2. If Merck continues to add more Quality requirements, then they need to provide additional Merck employees (not contractors) to meet these new requirements.  "Do more with less" does not work as there is a not a lot of leeway and innovation allowed when dealing with Quality.
Make it a company wide option to work from home or return to the office.
Consider improving integration and collaboration of cross-functional roles. We seem to work in silos (ie., CRAs vs CRMs vs. COMR vs. CTC). Imbed remote site management practices in CRA work group.  Many CRAs do not seem adept at remote, instream, audit-ready management of their sites. Consider dissolution of Monitoring Excellence. This group seems decades removed from current effective monitoring practices. Instead of simplified, audit ready, effective practices, Monitoring Excellence promotes burdensome processes, such as Re-Start, that are not effective, nor truly risk based.
Remember to always consider work life balance - it can make all the difference in the world as far as employee retention.
Some groups/sites are still working in silos.  All groups should be encouraged to continue to reach out and accept the vast sea of experts the company has and not be afraid to think outside the box.  Cross-site/cross-group sharing should be encouraged.
Implement procedures which are more agile and less time-consuming. Less delays in taking decisions, especially on simple items. Hold people and teams accountable for their roles and responsibilities, it happens too many times to be bounced like a pinball through multiple stakeholders only to go back to square 1 and restart.
Plan a better onboarding process - there is no real process in place right now.
Provide transparency on how the remote working situations introduced by the pandemic can or will transform ways of working moving forward.  Will Merck/MSD adapt or focus on reverting back to the traditional office model, particularly at sites where space was already a premium.
Great place to work:  have clear rules and expectations into a hybrid approach between onsite work and home-office after pandemic (or lets say with the "new normal").
Improve pay and benefits to more of a industry leader instead of industry average
Apply more equal benefits to employees who work in the field, especially in rural areas. Example: some employees have options if living in a metro area for gym and childcare discounts or have it available on site. Is there something we can do for employees who don't have access to that benefit on a daily basis. Discount on home gym equipment for example?
Increase staffing to allow for work/life balance. Decrease the number and complexity of systems and processes that employees must navigate (Protocol Specific Training process, Vault, SIP). Perhaps create a separate functional area that performs these tasks.
Merck needs to look at processes and systems closely, and improve/upgrade/change to ensure people have what they need to perform their jobs.  A lot of times we waste time on tactical non-value add work because we don't have systems & resources to perform our jobs.  Also, in the day and age of being a "lean" organization, Merck really needs to make sure there are plans in place when people take extended leaves of absence, or leave a job or the company.  This usually means someone else works double to cover, and overall the organization suffers because things fall thru the cracks.  This is not sustainable long term, and will result in people getting frustrated and potentially leaving the company because it becomes too much to manage.
More Diversity
Continue to value the sales force.  Continue to search for products that can be promoted to primary care doctors.
It seems to me that Merck does a wonderful job of making inclusion and diversity a priority, however from speaking with colleagues, I feel like MRL is trying to play catch up. I also feel like we do a wonderful jobs of acknowledging technology and providing resources to employees however many systems are cumbersome and hard to understand and work with, especially as a new employee.
Focus on the core business
Keep more balance between work and personal life
For me, competitive compensation is an important part of feeling valued at work.  I was really disappointed about our low company scorecard (and therefore low bonuses) last year, and it's unclear to me what I or my organization can do to change our scorecard.  It's fairly demotivating to not have clearly tangible things I or my department can do to prevent a low scorecard next year, and I worry we might see the same outcome as last year, even though we will have done everything we can think of to prevent it.
Continue to put employee health and safety first. Consider implementing better paid leave options for employees who need to care for aging parents. Merck just recently improved benefits related to maternity leave. It would be helpful if similar improvements were made to support employee who need time off to care for aging parents.
Merck's greatest resource is its exceptional talent, and Merck should focus on talent retention including ensuring highly competitive compensation. From the Boston perspective, there is a policy of offering market-leading compensation. However, actual compensation remains at or below market, including as assessed by Merck's internal compensation metrics.
Continue to focus on wellbeing of employees, flexible working and supporting work-life balance to help improve the overall productivity of its staff as this greatly increases employee motivation and retention
More flexibility for a home based job Higher commitment with real actions as a company related to the challenge of climate change
Have frequent meetings with the Teams of each country to get more involved by knowing how the work environment is to assure that local leadership is really inspiring and  getting involved in a positive way to make sure things happen
Providing travel accommodations, active living accommodations/funding, provide home working supply/funding
Continue to assess resources vs work and rebalance.  As a support function, we are a function of our stakeholders' priorities, which need to move fast for our future success, we need the proper resources to ensure they are supported
Provide more training on how to run effective meetings.  Especially with many people working remotely, meetings can take up far too much time and leave little time to accomplish our work.
Since the world have change due to COVID. Merck/MSD should allow their employee who do not work  in the manufacturing plant to have the options to work for home 5 days a week
Merck leaders verbalize the importance of 'safe to speak up' however it is not.  Not at all.  This is evident in MRL.  Productive dialogue and diverse perspectives are devalued and dismissed.  Leaders who don't agree with a perspective are quick to 'escalate' and intimidate until their perspective is embraced.  Senior leaders (AVP and above) in MRL foster a culture that is counter to 'safe to speak up'.  My supervisor cannot speak up safely.  Merck is rich in credentialed employees in MRL.  That said, we trade off experience and leadership for credentials routinely affecting the diversity of our org.  Many leaders operate in silos, do not coach their employees and seek only to control and command.  This results in cultural barriers and creates insurmountable churn for functional areas trying to work together.  Disrespectful interactions, blatant disregard for roles and responsibilities are the norm.  I value my work, my colleagues and the mission of our company.  Help us be better.
Acknowledge loyal employees who have dedicated tireless hours to support Merck.
Work to improve oversight, and put additional checks and balances for some of the administrative roles. Leadership should find a range of ways to evaluate managers by getting information directly from different sources. There are also too many managers and perhaps too much overlaps in the mid level roles. Eg TLs, FMAD, SMAD, various training Directors, RMADs, MISP directors, etc ....All these directors seem to be struggling to find ways to show value as it relates to Field activity. Perhaps some of those administrative positions can be merged to have more field personnels such as RMSDs.
Completely re-vamp the PRT process. It is a culturally toxic and demoralizing process to operate in.
Promote emotional intelligence throughout the entire organization and further develop a trust culture through creating a psychological safety environment.
Keep working on removing barriers between internal departments and foster transparency and collaboration
Continue to invest in employee development and hire talented people to meet growth needs in Oncology.
Substantial investment in IT infrastructure and modernization is essential.  We are falling behind industry standards. Take more care in M&A deals.  Share output of analysis of recent disappointments with vaccines and MK-7110, for example.  What did we fail to consider when we made those investments? Ask employees what would make their lives better?  For example, having yoga classes at noon if not useful.  We are in back-to-back meetings 8 am to 6 pm.  No breaks, no lunch.
We need to work on our ruthless prioritization - Our ruthless prioritization needs to start at the top. Show the organization how the leaders are being deliberate and that will encourage/enable the organization below to follow suit. Another element is leadership competency - I see both the MPS capability and Leaders that inspire are two that we can begin to work on immediately. I still find that many leaders in the organization may be placed in their roles not because they do a great job in inspiring or enabling their teams for success but because of the knowledge they may have.  In many respects, it feels like at Merck talk the talk but do not walk the walk. We say we care about our people but our actions don't consistently reflect that nor are we always leading by example.
Expand working from home, at least 2 or 3 days a week.
More communication from leadership.  Speed of innovation and product launch given the lessons learned from our competitors in the COVID-19 vaccine and therapeutic effort.  We need to be faster.  Break down silos.
More transparency reqarding promotion opportunities and job opening selections.
Reward innovation.
Work on a better balance between compliance and what our customers need and are looking for to support their practice and their patients. The amount of money spent on the literature and education material is pretty astronomical. Why can’t we use that money to partner with our customers to devise educational support materials that are best for them and their patients.
OUR PAY SCALE IS AMONG THE LOWER END OF THE INDUSTRY. WE HAVE LOST SOME GREAT TALENT FOR 10-20% MORE PAY AND WE HAVE 2 NEW HIRES ON MY TEAM WHO IM SURE ARE LOW ON THE PAY SCALE BUT ARE WORTHLESS IN THEIR SALES ABILITY. I REALIZE MERCK WILL PAY A LITTLE MORE FOR ONCOLOGY AND SOME OTHER DIVISIONS BUT INEFFECTIVE, CHEAPER EMPLOYEES DO NOT HELP DRIVE BUSINESS. MERCK USE TO BE VALUED AMONG OUR INDUSTRY AS A TOP PLACE TO WORK, BUT NOW WE HAVE THE REPUTATION AS LOWEST PAYING AND THAT DRIVES TALENT AWAY.
Continue the Diversity & Inclusion efforts, not only related to gender, but also to ethnical, religious, or whichever background people have. Continue with the diffussion of the good results and sharing personal stories of achievement from the employees.
Slow down. or provide more support..... there is too much change, too quickly (systems, technologies, etc), feel  struggle to adapt which creates stress
We need a mindset shift amongst our leaders. Too many leaders play the politics game and manage up rather than taking care of their people.
Facilitate transparency not only within the department but also between different sites especially for a global product. Quality of the product and timelines depend on it.
Maybe trying to incorporate technology that makes our lives better/easier. Not one thing that has changed in my 6 years has made my job better, easier,  or improved the process since I started.
The company has ambitious goals and limited resources. Sometimes this compels us to pursue work that is beyond the capacity of existing teams. We should not continue to stretch our resources so thin.
Continue to embrace networks and tear down the silos. Increase the speed at which we make changes. More open communication from the Director levels to support senior leadership initiatives.
It’s not possible - The company no longer pays for  performance or attempts to attract that kind of performer. They simply want everyone to feel good - it is de-motivating. It’s a popularity contest with participation ribbons. If you don’t play the game, your are ostracized.
Keep working on diversity and inclusion, include people with different capabilities, encourage employees moving from one country to another, promote sinergies betweet different areas.
Continue to evolve. Market is not the same than only 2 years ago, we need to invest time and resources to better understand the new market dynamics and give employees training and time to digest it and be open to a trial and error approach. So far we have done a good job trying different channels of communication with customers. The content is also very important and the professionalism in our interaction with customers.
Start listening to the people in the trenches.  I would love for the senior personnel to sit with our sites and hear their issues with our company - the good, the bad and the ugly.  SIP needs to be re-evaluated, it's been a disaster.  The amount of time and energy it consumes with Merck personnel is overwhelming and effects our ability to keep up with the ongoing changes at Merck. Plus, if you add COVID and how it's effecting our ability to work and the site's ability to work - they are barely getting by with the strain of not going in every day and dealing with COVID.I always thought I would finish my career at Merck, but not anymore. I've been here 15  years and I'm so frustrated that I doubt I'll see year 16.
Investigate the lack of career path for IT Project Managers especially since PM s were moved from a central organization and now sit in IT Divisions. A P3 in ITRMS now has a much much harder shot becoming a P4 in GHH IT because they don't have experience with GHH systems or people. Previously, with the central PMO when a PM's project's ended in ITRMS they could choose work in ITRMS, GHH, or any division. That isn't the case now.
Properly resource so employees are not super overworked and overwhelmed with the amount of additional work that is being heaped onto them.  Working around the clock and on weekends continuously is not a healthy way to live.  The stress takes a toll on your health.
The company should start changing the organization structure in environment I am working in. There are too many cooks in the kitchen with different priorities that make it harder then necessary to achieve goals, especially in a highly networked and collaborative environment.  While the goals and work in group is very different from the department it is located in, it keeps getting judged by the criteria used for the rest of the department. This is very frustrating. The system used for promotions needs an overhaul to reflect reality. Currently promotions limited by availability of a "spot" and not when people are ready or deserving. This bottle neck unnecessarily negatively affects the company in multiple ways: Personnel decisions appear more and more random and lead to frustration which makes it difficult to retain talent. This issue is enhanced by the cyclic nature of hiring: hiring fluctuates over time while promotions spots are constant. More flexibility could resolve the issue.
Consider "life experience" as an alternative to college education within the role we play at Merck.  I have been in the same position for 10 years of the 15 years I have been here .  I have an associates degree but my work experience could never teach me what my consistent role I have here has.  In order for me to get a promotion, I would need to go back to college to get my bachelors which requires money and time I do not have.  I am confident in my skills as well as my performance in what I do.  Something another degree would not teach me.
I strongly believe that Merck needs to continue to embrace flexible ways of working (working from home or remotely) wherever possible. While there are obstacles to overcome as a company, the last ~14 months have shown that workforce effectiveness and efficiency does not need to be compromised when not physically present in an office environment.  Beyond the pandemic and obvious public health concerns, I strongly believe that flexible working arrangements are significantly more beneficial for mental health and family relationships in addition to the improved work-life balance they can provide. With the understanding that all work still needs to be completed with the same timeliness and proficiency of being on-site, providing the necessary resources and embracing our new work environment sooner will ultimately better prepare Merck for future success.
Work on real rewards and recognition for having done a good job. The principle of respect and feeling valued is very important part of being motivated to do your best work.
Take the survey feedback given and continue to prioritize addressing the opportunities to grow and evolve
Make sure any software upgrades, equipment and new technology actually works as planned. It seems ther way of validation has been short changed as of late.  Things are not done with the focus on the down stream customers.  Instead there are people making decisions on things who are not operators  nor lab techs and set things up that end up being awkward or a stumbling block to operations.     Old equipment needs to be brought up to date with current technology.  The new employees being hired are not wanting to work shift work/ weekends.  Management is being permitted and encouraged to work from home which does not provide adequate coverage to make appropriate decisions when trouble arises.  I understand the idea in the name of covid / protecting the workforce; however - there needs to be some minimal coverage of the appropriate level of management and authority to manage problems as they arise.  Things just feel like they are being let go.
The next few months post Organon spin will be especially telling.  Merck cannot continue to execute as we have in the past and how we transform and improve will be key.  I would like to see Merck continue to break down boundaries across our group - we have incredible expertise and talent across the enterprise that can be leveraged to do great things.
Further prioritize retention of key talent; improve feasibility of retaining proven top performers in current role who are seeking better compensation and are finding it elsewhere in our industry.
Merck is a strong pharmaceutical company with great talent.  Barriers to moving business need lifting and group think is too pervasive.  There is a feeling of "The Merck Way"...leaving no room for other thought and ways of thinking.  In addition, oncology seems to be heavy with people right now and with a shift to traditional HQ roles becoming expanded into field based roles, there should be an emphasis on developing people and getting some new thoughts into higher levels within the company.
Balance among work and life out of work.
I joined the company back in 2012 and even I have had good career within the company I feel like there is no consistency regadring development plan & succession plan, specially the last 6 months my manager was not clear on some movements we had within the organization
I think we could work on increasing transparency across programs and departments. It is significantly worse at Merck compared to similar companies I've worked at.
Listen to it’s employees.  If you want to be the premier oncology company and retain the best employees, bring us up to industry standards with pay and cell phone/internet reimbursement as well as offering stock options to high performers.
I think the digital transformation is pivotal, but those digital platforms need to be integrated, intuitive and user-friendly, they need to simplify the work, should not relay on additional procedural controls and should be fast all of the time.
Continue to provide great resources and make sure that managers are encouraging to their people that it is okay to use the resources. Emails to tell us about the resources are great, but to have your manager tell you about the resources and that it is okay to use them makes a person feel better.
Merck and MSD are a great place to work - just feel that overall we can challenge more the current ways of doing business.
Understand that the approaches that have been successful in the past don't necessarily will continue being successful  Understand how much the world has changed outside of MSD   Be less risk averse and controlling, especially regarding what cannot be controlled by us  Foster life-work balance with concrete actions more than many communications only
There needs to be equity in how departments use the CCF ladders and levels. While some have people of the same level and title report to one another others simply stay within a hierarchal pattern which diminishes the career advancement of employees.
There is considerable talk about "talent" development; however, as very transparently noted a few years ago, "talent" development is restricted to a few pre-selected individuals; thereby under utilization of the potential of the majority of the company.  Similarly, for a company that talks about D&I, again I remember clearly starting from 2-3 years ago, managers stating that they are looking for a young workforce.
Focus on science and new business development.  I don't feel that Merck should bring politics into the business.
Be clear on the long-term growth strategy and make the necessary decisions to make it happen, including resource realignment and talent incentive schemes
Merck should clarify if its mission is “to discover, develop and provide innovative products...” or promote left-wing political beliefs. It’s difficult to discern which is a higher priority.
Engage more with the public
Better benchmarking of salaries. Digitalization
For a company that talks a lot about Diversity and Inclusion and highlights it whenever possible, I do not feel that the company embraces varying political views at all.  To me being diverse and inclusive is accepting and hearing all different viewpoints, not just the ones that our CEO espouses publicly, and other leaders then enforce.   I also see the company as talking about change more than making changes; it very frustrating when we introduce a new "operating model" and then we don't operate any differently.  Maybe in other places in the company silos are breaking down, but I don't see it where I work.  This company has so many great people with great ideas, it is truly unfortunate that there is such a disconnect between leaders' perceptions and what challenges we face just trying to get work done.  I truly believe it doesn't have to be that way.  I continue to be hopeful for change, and to work toward that goal.
We were recently asked to completely clean out our offices so that when we return to site, we will be "unassigned." I have a lot of concerns with this new approach, as I work in a job that requires quiet and concentration and I feel I will be easily distracted in a setting such as this. Not having my own personal space also makes me feel less like I belong at the site. Lastly, I anticipate there will be a reduction in productivity overall because of distractions, time needed to set up the workstation each morning (i.e., ergonomically), time needed to figure out where team members are, etc. I know that this is supposed to "increase collaboration," but I don't see how, as the team used to sit together and now we will be scattered throughout the assigned building.
Improve its resource by updating all its technological tool (data analytics, communication support...)
Raise salary and bonus levels for band 400 and lower
MSD have done proper actions to encourage our positive attitude during this pandemic and I want to THANKS all your action for make our safety first and provide all resource to continue working and continue saving and improving lives
- WP campus outdoor space needs updating and enhancements to be competitive with other large pharma and tech companies.  -  Some laboratory buildings are past their initial life expectancy and are in need of a tear down/rebuild.
Top Management speaks a lot about live work - live balance , but they are more concern about Budget, KPIs and how to reduce head count but not scope, rather to invest in optimization, they are adding steps to the broken processes, instead of fix them from the root, they are afraid to do things different,
keep maintaining the people that working hard and care about the things company do.
Continue to have an open communication, thinking on the employee wellbeing and support D&I specially inclusion in work
Be more clear on priorities and secure priorities are accurately resourced
Merck is sometimes antiquated in our ways of working and would benefit from less process.  Process often creates low morale bc it can feel impossible to get anything through the system at certain times. We could also do a better a job when it comes to more developmental opportunities across all levels in an effort to grow and retain talent. More modernized ways of working is also important -- no longer need to be in an office five days a week, offering a day of rest once a year so people feel valued etc...
where leaders do not lead by example, then move them out
Be bolder and braver - sometimes process gets in the way of that
Figure out a way for people balance home life better with work life.
Read the previous comments
Our department has a history of only giving natural promotions (i.e. without having to apply for another job) to a certain demographic. It is hard to be motivated to keep pushing and striving for the best when you know you won't be rewarded. We work hard partially because we love the work we do, but when there is no light at the end of tunnel, no compensation for that work. The bar is set at vastly different levels for different individuals which results in the high performers that don't fall into the "promotable" demographic staying at their same level but doing the work of people 1, 2, 3 levels above them. The fact that there was one merit-based promotion last year, only 3 the year before, and they were all for men is very telling. It's hard to believe that so few people in such a high performing department deserved promos. It's hard to make a recommendation for MSD as a place to work when I know there is no mobility no matter how well you perform.
Stay away from politics and maintain focus on what Merck does best......improving and saving lives through Inventing for Life!
set an example as a responsible company and be vocal and take action (ie: ensure that merck does not (financially or otherwise) support politicians/policies who do not stand up against racial injustice, voter suppression). Ensure this company is always on the right side of history and not ambiguous.
Stay focused on what our mission is and provide current resources to accomplish.
Offer "Merck options" to all levels to include Specialists.  If we are one company all working towards a common goal we all should be given the that benefit.  This benefit would really make me feel more valued as an employee.  This is an awesome company to work for!!!!
Transparency on strategy for product development and portfolio. Post Covid, what to expect for the return to office format, etc.
I am still very impressed with our company and proud to work here. We are a great place to work and we focus on our mission.
Continue to allow non-essential workers to work remotely.
Greater Understanding for workers
Even with some major projects there seems to be inconsistent messages being delivered so that roles and responsibilities aren't clear.
Merck is too heavy with processes and overengineered ways of doing things.  The company has been supportive through the pandemic; however, the extended remote situation has created decreased transparency and employee connectedness.  The company should have more perks for employees and the INSPIRE award system seems to be somewhat inconsistent.
Pay more attention.
1. Make more decisions with the people that actually do the work, not just the upper management that FEEL something needs to be/can be done in a particular manner or with certain equipment. 2. Give raises, not just yearly cost of living increases. If you do the work and excel, credit people for that! 3. Make rules over the entire Merck network. Allowing specific upper management to make "attendance policies", etc. for one specific site or region is ridiculous!! If there are rules, they should be for everyone!!! And if certain people or areas are taking advantage, then punish/manage THEM, not EVERYONE!! I'm in DeSoto, Ks. If you have questions about this subject, everyone here can tell you what I'm talking about!!
Acquisitions.   Our product line and pipeline are getting thin.
Offer more opportunities for promotion for groups  that have flat organizations or are in specialty organizations
More opportunities for career development at central roles
1)diversity seems to focus around physical attributes (race, ethnicity, gender) rather than diversity of thought.  It is very clear to me that there is no room for someone who does not have the same political beliefs as others.   2)stop with the redundant processes that slow us down.  i understand the purpose is to have high quality studies, but other companies manage to have high quality data without all of these hoops to jump through.  we allow the perfect to be the enemy of the good.  3)let us back in our offices.  we are begging.  This is absurd.  Stop treating us like children.  Allow us to make decisions for ourselves.  Every time I get one of those awful condescending emails from Julie Gerberding I read it, delete it, and go to LinkedIn.
More flexibility in terms of spaces to work from, I mean as Microsoft with the Pandemic we realised we can provide such good service/ results/ work quality from home as we do from the office. After all this situation, have the chance to work remotely from any where in the world, as far as we have a strong commitment with the company and make sure we accomplish all of our goals.
Just keep supporting their employees in ideation, remote work, FWA, etc.
Place a premium on encouraging collaboration across silos to enable us to run and grow the business with urgency and to identify and gather support behind ways to streamline and simplify our work. Post-spin, take tangible steps to improve our collaboration skills across the enterprise, including (1) required onboarding and training for managers in hard and soft skills, (2) training for all employees (leaders included) on managing conflict and hard conversations, and (3) vocally valuing and visibly rewarding teamwork and enterprise thinking.
fully convert office space to meeting room space and forgo formal desks/offices, allowing office workers to work remotely (much like many tech companies are doing). This would allow us to hire talent from anywhere in the world,  reduce overhead costs and position Merck as very progressive.
Enact affirmative action hiring practices to further support diversity and inclusion in leadership roles
Continue to consider ways of working, IT infrastructure and communication mechanisms to keep employees engaged and informed. Currently bombarded with lots of info / communications from varied sources. Its difficult to prioritize urgent actionable communications from information only communications. I enjoy working remotely and feel I get more done. I want to feel free to continue this way of working to meet priorities without feeling separated or looked upon as different. Diversity and inclusion is important. One aspect that seems overlooked is ageism. I see ageism as a growing issue.
Further Diversification, this will reduce ganging up on opinions and politics. Diverse culture contributes to more diverse thinking and people will not be easily influenced by one opinion and will not be afraid to speak up.
Keep engaging us with inclusive strategies, and connecting one another.
To meet our mission and goal of "Allergic reaction to waste that leads to focused elimination in all aspects of our business", we need computer systems that are connected and have reporting functionality as a standard and not pushed to Phase 2 that never happens.  At this time we record the same information in multiple systems which is wasteful and leads to errors.  My point of reference is Regulatory Affairs CMC, but I'm sure this is relevant across our business functions.
Provide some benefits due to the year+ long pandemic, such as a few extra company-wide days off (mental health days), a small allocation to purchase items for working at home ergonomically, etc.  Nothing crazy, but something that shows that the company understands the difficult circumstances we are all in.  Instead, it feels like there is even more workload, more expectations, and less boundaries.
Allow employees the freedom to work from anywhere
We need to simplify how we get things done in our company.
I Disagree When You Bring new people In And give them the Same Vacation Or more than the people Who Have Earned The Vacation
Management says they want employees to feel safe speaking up at work.  But when we do, we are either ignored or there are backlashes, so why bother.  The company needs to stop talking about it being safe to speak up and start paying attention to what really goes on.  Also a more equitable system of evaluations, now it doesn't matter how well you do your job, 90% of employees will get an average rating, so why bother.  It was actually much better the old way when there were multiple levels to the upper performers.
equitably value customer experience and risk mitigation vs solely prioritizing reduction of risk
There are a lot of efforts in place already to support employees at personal and professional levels. I have been here for a little more than a year and it has been a great experience.
inspire with specific focus on Merck's unique scientific and innovation goals
More genuine respect for work-life balance; actually listening to the workers and their challenges around handling the workload and stress, rather than just words.
different options of health insurance. Adding gold and silver plans of different insurance companies. Would be beneficial for people to be able to pick which plan best suits their/family needs
I love working at Merck. I've been here for 19 years and intend to retire here.  Never had higher job satisfaction. Merck has done a commendable job of stepping up and addressing areas of growth (e.g., agility, compliance, accommodating more youthful behavioral norms, etc.). The most glaring area of improvement now is PRT.  I'm in Commercial. This criticism is largely aimed at legal, but from my deep experience, the orientation is adversarial rather than collaborative. I want to enter a meeting starting with yes, and work to how we can pull it off compliantly; not with no and have all the reasons why my innovative ideas are risky, too difficult, etc.  Even bigger, is that lack of PRT time dictates how well we'll launch new products and indications. I'm launching a new product in a new disease state and PRT time is literally dictating the quality of our launch. A company that aspires to be the leading oncology company by 2025 cannot have PRT time stand in the way of quality.
1. Flexible work arrangements during and post covid-19 2. Broader outreach
Minimize processes and silos.  Empower people to make decisions.
I like my company, my workplace and what I do every day. It is an inclusive and diverse place where I express myself calmly without thinking of retaliation. I can develop quietly.
Senior management team focus on strategic pipeline alignment for next at least 10 years and make better effort to foster a “speak-up” working environment.
Streamline the processes, compliance is important but we dont need to put performance at risk due to this. We typically find the most complicated way of doing things. Think out of the box is something we say but we are not ready to do that and accept the inherent risk to it.
Too much turnover even for a pharma company.
i feel everything is moving great and people fill in and work in different areas in the warehouse
Before finalizing any strategy Organization must know what is practically possible . To get the success organization must aware about what market demands & also should try to fulfill at least 70% of the demand.
Condense the communication channels, way too many, Yammer, Streamline, Teams, email communication etc... And a lot of new tools, and we are already overwhelmed. There needs to be a plan for when we launch all these tools, to be considerate of the timelines and how it affects people' workload.
Continue to listen to employees at all levels.
Removing barriers to get work done, alluding back to a question within the survey. We need to do better to continue to build strong partnership across all divisions.  I work and interact almost daily with different groups or areas within MRL/MMD and the common theme that I think arises when we are unable to work effectively in order to move the business forward is the lack of vision that we are all One Merck.  We should all be working for the best interest of the company and I think that is not clear or always true when the group’s interest is put forth first.
Upper management (not necessarily direct managers) do not take the time to understand what it takes to get department deadlines completed; there is not enough resources to get work completed and also there is a lack of planning and resource allocation.  Upper management also does not take the time to develop staff, even when staff is capable and willing to take on responsibility. The department has developed a culture of "hire externally" versus promoting from within which in turn causes the company to lose valuable employees and demotivate high performers.   Another area of concern, is that we do hold employees accountable therefore putting more strain on employees who put an effort into meeting deadlines and are team players. There is a lack of consistency of what is expected from each level depending on what role they are in which causes resentment. Although there will always be differences in work load and responsibilities, there should be the same level of accountability.
Commit or quit on contract workers. We continue to lose talented and trained employees to other companies because of our historic reliance on the contract system. Value older employees who haven't chosen the management track.
ensure there are opportunities for all employees to advance their careers based on actual merit and performance in interviews. Current promotions - and even laterals - are determined by 1-whether or not and how much your boss supports you, 2-whether you are in a management development program, 3-whether you have a sponsor, 4-where you are on the talent grid (which goes back to #1).  Ironically if your boss doesn't support you, you can either remain in your job forever, or choose to leave the company in order to escape your predicament.
Minimize bureaucracy.  Recognize that nothing happens till someone sells something.
Look at the leadership at each level of the organization and determine whether roles/promotions/salaries are equitable. MRL has very low diversity in leadership positions compared to other parts of the organization.  Make remote working a normalized option
See prior comment.  And thank you also for the survey opportunity.  I agree that this is a good time to provide this forum to the organizations.
Merck is perfect.
Continue to improve upon the Ways of Working.  If possible, continuing to allow people the flexibility to work from home if their job can support it. Continue to invest in technology that will support and enhance Ways of Working.  Review corporate and site policies to see if they are in alignment with the rapid change in technology. For instance, most everyone has a camera on their cell phone and a person can request a company issued IPad and apps like Microsoft Lens. With these devices and apps, people take pictures to document ideas drawn on a whiteboard, safety concerns, special department events, investigations, audits etc. yet the camera pass policy is lagging behind the availability and use of this technology.  Not to mention the use of drones to inspect roof tops and difficult to reach areas to keep a person safe. I know this may seem insignificant and there are compliance issues to address but  a camera pass policy change can be a huge benefit to the company.
Reduce bureaucratic hurdles. Empower SMEs to make scientific decisions with key stakeholders instead of VP review of details
Merck should focus on what we do and not take political sides.  If you take a political side, then you risk losing 50% of your revenue in the market.
dont just rely on oncology and HIV products
Although the company has several initiatives to make the things different, we need to encourage people to be more prepositive and to thing different
No recommendations at this time.  Too much in flux internal and external to work.
Look internally to fill vacant roles before going outside the organization.
Simplify the processes and give more resources for admin work.
Merck's compensation appears to be on the low side compared to our direct competitors makes it challenging to retain top talent  Work life balance is a challenge due to meeting load especially as we bring in global markets. Early morning 7AM or late evening, 8PM, meetings are common in addition to the typical full day meeting load
Don't just reward the people who make the most money. Increase the bonus percentage for those that have no path for promotions.
Make sure work or task we are performing are valued added for all not just management.  It is time consuming and takes away from our performing monitoring at the sites. Listen to the employees ideas or changes that should be made to make our jobs more efficient and manageable.
I started with Merck AH in sales September of 2020. I have been in Animal Health sales roles for 21 years. Speaking on processes from an outsider looking within,  I see that there are too many checks and balances within day-day activities to work very efficiently.  I feel that Merck do streamline some of these processes such as creating one access point for all of the portals like Expand Share, ATLAS, Synergy, Spotfire, Veeva.  I spend a tremendous amount of time keeping track of all of the required USER names and passwords. Then some need changed frequently where some do not. We need to implement means to work smarter rather than harder.
Continue benchmark with in pharmaceutical companies and other economics sectors
Too many layers.   Managers needs to create a positive environment within the group and instead of creating a issue they should try to fix it .
We have to make sure that our processes are more streamlined, less complicated, while keeping our integrity and ethical standpoint. Balance resources carefully to avoid overload for a longer period of time.
The politics involved in departmental decisions slows down both employee development and process improvements. Removing these barriers will speed up decision making and encourage growth and continuous improvement.
more action than theory--- we talk a lot about diversity and inclusion but not follow by actions
Keep listening to their employees feedback and actioning based on it, assuring employees wellbeing over all, while many Countries keeps on dealing with Pandemia challenges and additional stress.
To be able to work from home after the Covid pandemic
The Company is doing a great job and it is a great place to work
Allow people to focus on critical priorities not everything that is a good idea. We say that we prioritize but we actually don't and we commit to new activities throughout the year.  We need an HR model refresh where HRBPs can re-contract with clients on what level of support to expect.  Our team is overwhelmed with work, projects, and new initiatives.  And the speed of completion expected has increased during the pandemic.  There's an assumption that you can turnaround a response or deliverable very fast.
Job security for all employees.
Empower decision making at lower levels.  Right now there are too many layers of approval.  This results in churn without real value.
with Covid, many procedures related to DI have complicated the day-to-day work, the tasks are longer to perform and this creates many additional hours that the employees have to give from their personal time, without any recompense from comany, and this cretates a huge disbalance in work-family management
It would be so helpful if we could make MyLearning more flexible. I lose HOURS of productivity taking trainings on programs and devices that I have never seen and will never use for my job. I can re-take tests over and over again until I guess the right answers.  But they say because I am in MMD I have to take them all.  It's frustrating and unproductive. Administrative functions should not need to take all the same trainings as personnel on the manufacturing floor.
I believe our goal is to work for patient in ethical manner but there should be flexibility also with positive intent and there should be discussion with front line people also before any policy changes and reasonable demands and need has to be addressed.
Better compensation (specifically base pay and annual bonus) to attract better talent. Our compensation is below our peers and therefore we are not getting the best candidates to fill out open spots.
Continue to update and improve employee benefits.  Overall improvement of the employee experience through items such as employee events (open to family inclusion).  At Merck our work life is very isolated from our personal life, friends and family.
Practice what they preach - work life balance is a great philosophy but we have no time to enjoy all of those benefits with so much work.  All the extras that are offered - meditation hour, remote workout options, mothers for merck, diversity talks - I would love to join all of these things but work committments and other meetings don't allow me to.
to make the difference and to be innovative
Ensure every employee can communicate the company strategy and her/his/their contribution to it with confidence
We are doing a good job but could do better. I also see a difference in work/life balance and stress levels between the various teams. I know the teams have been instructed to leave friday afternoons for wrapping up activities and winding down but I still see LT members scheduling meetings. I think some CRDs are doing a better job than others on these initiatives. I would also like to see meetings return to 55 mins (some days I have to mute myself to have a bio break because of back to back meetings).   Also, we have WAY too many systems that do not communicate which results in added work and stress. I have been seeing a lot of issues related to SIP and realize this is a necessary evil but it is tough on our teams to be the pioneers here while also maintaining our timelines. I'd like to see more collaboration amongst the teams within GCTO and MRL - I see a lot of silos with a lot of room for improvement (esp regarding communication).
Offer career pathways for those with technical expertise who do not want to manage people but who instead want to keep focusing on developing that expertise for the benefit of the company.
1-Reduce to politics beween managers and departments. (this slows down work.) 2-some mangers feel they need to have more power. (my manager is one of the best managers that i have ever worked for in my 30 plus years of working. 3-Alot of times the left hand dosen't know what the right hand is doing. 4- Merck is a GREAT place to work. i enjoy coming to work ever day and making MERCK a safeter place to work.
Culture change around comfort and value in not succeeding on the first try--right now when things don't work out the culture is to hide it, pretending it didn't happen, treat it with shame. How can we ever truly adopt test and learn principles, and be comfortable innovating or trying new things if we have no internal ability to accept anything other than success?
Now that we have worked remotely for over a year and that we have dealt with a crisis under unusual circumstances (kids at home) and have remained productive, I hope that Merck will allow 100% remote once the pandemic is over.
Well defined career advancements opportunities and criteria. Employee stock purchase plan and SARS so we can share and participate in Merck's growth as a Shareholder as well as an employee.
Keep political views and statements to a minimum.  Employees are wondering if this is the right place for me to be working and loyal customers are questioning their loyalties based on some of the statements and viewpoints voiced recently. Value the years of experience of team members and seek guidance from them. Going forward let the COViD guidance be to handle it as you and your customers feel safe with and mutually agreed upon. Follow state and local guidelines regarding COViD.  We are going to start losing customers and employees if we continue in the direction we are going.  Our competitors aren’t under the same stringent guidelines we are and it’s being noticed.
keep doing what you are doing - communication on the pandemic/Vax/, supporting diversity and social injustice, ensuring employees know that their health matters and trying to balance as well both work/personal.  Thank you!
be flexible in the hybrid workplace of the future to remain competitive - there are considerable advantages to allowing some remote work for busy working parents.  find more ways to reward or incentivize employees given the really tough year that we've all just been through. we are all very driven and hard workers, but for most of us, working remotely has translated to working longer hours. i admired linkedin's recent move to give the company a week off to reward them/help with burnout.
Hold management accountable, make hiring/promotional practices more transparent, encourage work life balance.
Take more appropriate business risk and move faster with business decisions.
Look at the delivery schedule versus the actual work that is required for each stage gate. Review Resources available and baseline.  Recognise the pressure people are under and personal commitment they are giving to the project in these challenging times.
Ensure that the best talent is getting promoted and getting opportunities to grow so they know they have a future at the company or else people will get recruited from competitors. COVID has changed the ways companies are operating and Merck should learn from the flexible working arrangements that many other companies are shifting to. Personally commuting is very stressful and the option to work from home more often has made me much more productive.
Empower more decision-making at the individual contributor/first line manager levels - accountability can get lost in the layers
There is a lot of red tape at an organization of Merck's size.  However instead of red tape and the people putting that in place, try collaborating with the teams for solutions.  And If red tape is still necessary, explain to people the reasons for the red tape, bring people along with the decisions, otherwise people don't feel heard to valued.
Diversity and Inclusion is an important subject in our social culture today but Merck should not encourage weekly discussions.  The focus at work should be the science.  Occasional discussions are fine and appropriate since our patients and employees have these issues impact their lives and health but continual discussion fans the flames, increases anxiety and possibly leads to tribalism.  "Cancel Culture" is also a consequence of the situation and is a obstacle for open and honest discussions.
More support for work-life balance, stress management, and mental health.
Provide great benefits and encourage teams to think of new ways of doing their jobs.
Laptops; accessing customers; especially considering FBEs who are fully vaccinated
D&I should not be part of MBO. Culture has declined rapidly, feels like an entry level position. We are talked AT and not To. Very difficult to work with over laps and rest of team due to conflicting priorities.
Provide a culture that doesn’t micromanage and treat us like adults like they did in the past.
Great workplaces offer competitive and fair compensation, above-average pay increases, and opportunities to earn more pay based on performance, such as bonuses, profit sharing to keep and reward top performing talent as well as attract new talent so Merck and MSD should add a new stock program Great workplaces are flexible to employees' work/life needs and encourage work/life balance by offering flexible schedules, providing generous paid time off, accommodating individual requests and needs, and creating a supportive work environment that is understanding of personal and family obligations.
Be more focused about what initiatives we embark on, tie them to strategic objectives, and drop the rest.  Ensure we have the resources for the initiatives we embark on.
Keep the flexibility even after pandemia.
Keeping care to employees, for example keep work from home, vaccines programs, flex friday
I think by in large we are on the right path and many of the changes will payoff big time in the future.  Keep maximizing today and building for the next decade
Create an agile workforce that can transform easily when needed.
See comments from question 17.    Stop changing things that work after we figure it out.  Stop having the field do things that we never use or need.  Policy makers and attorneys need to go in the field with reps to see the affect of their policies good and bad.  Allow us to engage again now that many of the Covid restrictions have lifted. We don’t need to be doing busy work and attending redundant teleconferences .   Honestly,  Lung teleconferences, lung workshop, S2 lung workshop, lung competition workshop.  you absolutely have to bring back the PDG in its old form
Continue to build momentum around our shared mission.  Straying from our mission likely only limits our ability to achieve that mission.
Allow differing viewpoints to be freely presented
Continue the great work.
work life balance focus (not just with words but with action)
Stabilize--avoid the "on the gas--off the gas rhythm of manufacturing" because of demand changes.  Set frozen periods where schedule/forecast can't be changed
We need greater pipeline focus, less conservative practices that limit speed and effectiveness (global safety)
Stop allowing Merck legal to control every aspect of work.  We need to be more flexible and accommodating to our virtual environment
I think the company should continue to follow the same path, valuing human capital, developing products that save lives and the consequence will be the profit and respectability of our customers.
Expand options for remote work, or distributed offices (like WeWork or other local options), even when the pandemic is over.  Cover commuting costs for public transit.
Re-focus work on enhancing and extending the lives of patients rather than political activism and political correctness.
Show more support to the front line people not working from home, that are running short staffed, long hours, no days off.  Some type of acknowledgement for our hard efforts.
Hiring enough workers/contractors to lower individual stress on each worker in IPT's that need the help.
Innovate, take more risks in new technologies
I have seen many great improvements over the last 5+ years in making Merck a good environment to work in by identifying bad behaviors like bullying and exclusion and supporting efforts to remove them from our culture and ways of working.  I am very grateful for this and hope these efforts continue. I also hope our efforts to fortify our company and be transparent in its mission also continue.  We are on the right track but it takes constant effort and we should not stop growing and improving. There is still more around diversity, innovation, and further improving our work culture we can do in the years to come.
Further reduce process and complexity - there is still too much of this.  Much talk about empowerment, but in the end many departments still micromanage and operate in a hierarchical fashion.
Outside of drug development, make it easier and safer to take business risks.
I think the senior management should look deeper into diversity and inclusion. In my opinion, diversity and inclusion are for class of people and it is not about the work experienced and job knowledge of individuals. It is more of who you know or brotherhood.
Increase level of transparency.
1. Appropriately resources 2. Updated processes and ways of working  3. Revitalize PRT process  4. Allow for better virtual working by creating tools meant for virtual work environments 5. Trust employees by creating processes that empower employees
To offer competitive salaries since our department has had a lot of people leave Merck to work at other companies for a much higher salary.
More opportunities for experienced workers.  Everything is geared to new or younger workers.  Or the same old people moved around at the higher levels.  Meanwhile, other productive workers with years of experience get pigeonholed doing what they do best.
Remove barriers for non-white Americans to reach top levels in management. School, experience requirements or other informal factors that go into a decision whether to hire or promote should take into consideration access of non-white Americans to possess such requirements/factors. While most non-white Americans may not have ready access to Ivy league or top-tiered schools, or work experience in a major company or location, non-white Americans can nonetheless offset those shortcomings from their unique experiences/perspectives often ignored or not given significant weight. If diversity and inclusion are truly goals within the company, these invisible barriers must be removed.
Make it easier for automation to obtain additional monitors because it would tremendously help us to do our jobs more effectively
1. More recognition and support for growth and promotion for employees that have worked at Merck for over 20, 25 years.  2. Accountability to managers, I don't understand why employees do not evaluate their managers, isn't employees feedback important? Why is there no forum to evaluate managers? 3. Better specialized IT support. I avoid contacting IT as long as possible and each call takes more than an hour to resolve this ultimately affects my productivity. Two of the programs that have initiated that are beyond amazing and helpful are the mentorship program, and the mystery coffee. I am also beyond thankful for all the flexibility and support (mental/HR initiatives/mindfulness/pulse) that Merck has provided during the pandemic.
Please ensure that the return to office environment is one that allows for personal space, privacy, and reduces the amount of sharing of space and equipment.
Be willing to take a risk on new technologies and opportunities, we can't continue to be successful by being conservative and letting other competitors take the lead.
I’m most concerned about the company requiring employee agreement with the tenants of Critical Social Theory in excessive Diversity and Inclusion initiatives.  Some of these tenants are inconsistent with my religious beliefs and practices.  Employees whose religious beliefs are firmly rooted in a traditional Judeo-Christian ethic are feeling unsafe in this progressive political-social environment.  We just want to do our jobs without feeling harassed by controversial and non-scientific social theories.  Please do not require all employees to agree with or support tenants that contradict our deeply held religious beliefs and practices.
Strenghten pipeline and portfolio of products
Address work-life balance issues and related inadequate staffing levels.  Better defined career path opportunities
Try to make the work environment more like a family environment. Not just work and deadlines.
Reduce bureaucracy.  Less politics in a workplace and more focus on our primary function as pharma company.
Continue to offer flexible working arrangements and enabling work-life balance for employee mental health and productivity.
When changing job roles (i.e. with the spin-off of Organon) provide training for the new role so that employees are supported and given the resources to succeed in their new roles.
The hiring process could be faster/ more streamlined.
Continue to support diversity and inclusion workplace Continue to acknowledge and advocate for social justice issues Continue to provide training on racial bias and discrimination in the workplace
Increase Diversity and Inclusion
Bereavement leave is way too short for when you lose a parent or child
Merck should do the following: 1. Allow everyone who can to work remotely until family care issues are resolved. 2. Ensure that departments have the right number of people to do the work or reprioritize the work to fit the people in the department. 3. Ensure that diversity and inclusion is not just a an initiative we support, but is something we live through who we hire. 4. Make sure that all the principles in our training (It's safe to speak up...Merck does not tolerate..) are more than just a corporate philosophy but something that is true from the top to the bottom of the organization.
Merck talks about ruthlessly prioritizing things but we don't take actions on those things and still want to try to "Do it all".  There needs to be harder decisions made to better prioritize and do certain things extremely well vs do everything ok.  The second thing is we want a culture of innovation.  We need to empower innovators to be able to experiment vs ruthlessly peppering teams with questions about immediate ROI, etc.  We need to have a P & L mindset but doing things the same old way isn't ruthlessly scrutinized, only innovation.
Merck/MSD should permit more flexible work options for all employees if possible. While some job functions are required to have a constant in-person presence, many tasks could be done remotely. A hybrid/flexible work schedule would allow working parents and other caregivers to adjust their schedules to accommodate the needs of their family during and after the pandemic. Also in light of the campus consolidations, such hybrid schedules would allow working parents/caregivers to continue contributing to Merck's success while also being able to take care of their families' needs during any sort of transition period. While the hybrid working model is a must during the pandemic, this working model should also be considered going forward as it is a major incentive for prospective and current employees.
Return us back to the workplace and build a sense of family/community again.
That’s what our leaders who are making millions of dollars need to deliver on. When your CEO and President have a total combined income of 30 million  it is there responsibility to create an environment to make this company better.
Continue to look at work/life balance opportunities.  Some teams seem to have more balance than others.
increase vacation time, after the past 2 years of stress angst, COVID, high work load everyone could use some real time off. The US has disproportionately fewer days of vacation compared to the rest of the world.
Please continue the mission of Diversity and Inclusion, and also supporting a GROWTH mindset.  I find my organization, vaccines, to be very conservative and hopefully, that will and can change.
keep looking for how Merck can incorporate flexible working arrangements - align GCD policy with global policy on GCD
Recognize and acknowledge accomplishments - large and small. Financial increases are small.   Promotions are near non existent for people who are/were not in UG and known by colleagues on a close basis.
I have been with Merck 17 years and I know we are a conservative company and I appreciate that to an extent. We are crippling ourselves with compliance, no resources, and rewarding the sales team. There was a mass exodus and I feel we really need to look at that closely. We lost great people and will lose more if we do not compensate the sales staff accordingly.
Staff each group appropriately.  Significantly more staff is needed in some groups to be able to keep up with the workload.  More thought should be put into selecting individuals who are in leadership positions that are not people managers but have the responsibility of directing others daily work.  Managers should ensure that these individuals are modeling the ways of working.
Open dialogue around pay rates and ranges for positions.
Provide clear and constant communication about our vision, our opportunities and how everyone contributes. Allow for more flexibility in the way we work and where we work. The pandemic has truly transformed the expectation that employees need to be in an office to do their best job. Trust your people to do the right thing and they will - if not, coach or performance manage them. Those in people management roles need to do their part in leading, being present and being held accountable.  Finally, bring more talented and diverse women into leader roles at the most senior levels - chances are they've been identified and have demonstrated their abilities. Now more than ever, we need to demonstrate greater empathy, caring and direction; we can't afford to lose good employees.
There really needs to be a very hard look at work life balance. Even before COVID I was working some very long hours. My direct supervision and above all work extremely long hours. Since COVID this has been significantly increased to the point our team has definite worries about the long term health of our Director. I have myself seen a very significant increase in my responsibilities, projects and day to day support of other teams over the last year plus. This is to the point were I would see my family at dinner time to eat and then go back to work until 9pm, 10 pm and that is after starting the day before 7 am with little time for breaks during the day. I would se my son 10 to 15 minutes a day during the week so I could keep up with my work. Weekends were not much different 4, 6 hours or more on some or most weekends until I said enough. The job is not worth not being with my family. There are also people who I interact with who need to be looked at because of lack of professionalism
As a field-based employee, many of the "Merck Systems" require too much effort/time/technical expertise to be of benefit. On the one hand, we may have great technology, but if the employees in the field can not implement the full productivity of the programs being provided, there is no real benefit to those employees or the company. Sales Force, Spotfire, and others offer a lot of info, but we are severely undertrained in utilizing these resources and customizing information pertinent to our needs. In my experience, there is no easy means of help ... my suggestion: provide a dedicated internal resource - per species - to facilitate changes, updates, corrections in these databases so that pertinent information can be included. Persons that use these systems "all the time" are very proficient; those of us that are focused on "selling" are handicapped by systems that may be robust, but are not "user friendly" - so neither the field based employee, the company, or the customer is receiving full benefit of being
Truly support diversity of thought. A lot of times, we are still doing our work "the way it was always done". Our department has a tradition to not value experience from other workplaces.
From a business standpoint I feel like we need to continue to foster new innovative science that will continue to change the way that our customers treat their patients medically. We need to make wise business decisions when it comes to purchasing molecules or other companies.
Managers have been focused solely on development of top talent (Box 1-3) and have left Box 5 / 6 talent behind.  Need to find a way to continue to engage and develop these employees who have been identified as having long term potential to advance.
Have good IT systems that enable work instead of being an obstacle; trust and do not tolerate micromanagement; have senior leaders giving the example on work-life balance with actions and not only words; have clear that people cannot be continuously pushed into so high workload; we see many leaves, we see reduction in the flex workforce and the work increases for the ones here; this is not sustainable
Offer COVID vaccinations to all employees, including contractors, and their family members.
I think Merck should increase health benefits (such as an on-site gym, gym discounts/gym allowances)
Think about stress and balance in life and work, nowadays leaders has so much pressure on everybody and frecuently weeks take really stressfull.
Break down silos and Be more collaborative within MMD Human Health. As part of my job, I get to interact and visit (during non-pandemic) with global MMD sites. I see significant difference in culture between MMD Human Health and MMD Animal Health. Culturally MMD Animal Health is very collaborative, team environment, excited about new ways of working, and highly receptive to all support functions.
Rethink flexible work arrangements. Be more transparent about the state of the R&D pipeline and how the larger strategy influences and is influenced by it.  Provide feedback on how prior decisions have worked out (i.e. establishing discovery site in London, adding D&I to manager's priorities, acquisitions, etc.)
In order to make the Company a GPW and deliver on our mission to improve and save lives, MSD subsidiaries should have more flexibility to adapt processes and strategies to the market specificities and really have the customer at the center of all commercial and non commercial activities. For instance, having the support functions all centralized outside the country MSD loses the benefits of the local interactions with the Customers and risk to damage the service levels and ultimately the Company reputation.
Overall, Merck does an outstanding job delivering on our mission and providing a safe and inclusive culture in the work place. We have strong, bold leaders who demonstrate they they value and care about our personal and professional well-being as well as the safety and well-being of our patients . However, I don't  believe it's in our best interest for leaders to become political at the risk of alienating some who do not share the same views. Also, clearly the pendulum has swung in a completely different direction due to many unfortunate events in 2020. As a result, it is my sincere hope that all of those who have been recognized, showcased and promoted at Merck have earned it in their own right based on merit alone. Thank you for the opportunity to complete this survey.
Equal pay scales for all departments at the same job level within Merck and MSD.
Level Gender Pay inequality and significant pay gaps for sales representatives with many years of experience, comparable skills and successful/outstanding performance reviews as their peers.
Merck should actually live the words that are spoken and not live them by "code".  Words make a difference and saying "diversity" and "inclusion" while meaning anything but what those words actually define, is divisive and counter productive.  Those words have completely lost anything close to true meaning.  These words are well known to anyone expressing an honest thought, to imply revenge and negativity to majority populations.  Changing and controlling language is a front line tool of anarchists, and any desires for moving forward in harmony should fight these current trends. Recent words and actions of Merck's current CEO have been alienating, counter productive and hateful.  It is disturbing to have a leader move to public forums and make statements based on ignorance of facts and solely on opinion.  His statements about the GA voting laws have been reprehensible, divisive, and unfortunately based on either no information or misinformation.  Did he not read the law before commenting?  Why at a time when
Absolve RAT tool. Allow employees to make local decisions after vaccination
It would be great if there was more clarity on what our future workplace looks like--understanding that COVID has impacted timing, however it would be helpful to understand what our future workplace looks like (and where it is!). Also, having some guidance (near-term or long-term) on remote work flexibility would be helpful--starting with guidance from senior leadership.
Continuous "walk the talk". Seeing our leadership being a role model in our WoWs, D&I priorities...
Addressing microaggression - recent training was great that it brought attention to it and made it easy to understand using examples.
Provide better tech support as the helpdesk needs improvement.
Empower us to make the right decisions and move the process along.  Everything from wearing scrubs to work if we feel it’s safer when we get home to clean our clothes to knowing when we are safe enough to go out in the workforce— and also continue to support us when we feel we should work from home.  We have learned over the last year that what is right with one customer may not work for the customer across the street and we need to be empowered to do what’s right for our customers and patients.  We must continue to be competitive by producing materials that are up to date (such as patient profiles that are doing virtual visits and the stresses associated along side), have on-demand tools that can be viewed by providers on their time instead of virtual pdgs that have many challenges around attendance because they are set for specific time periods.  A lot is being done right, but a few small tweaks can make significant strides in Merck’s perception and plan to deliver on the mission.
I have had several co-workers on the chronic care side that  were let  go due to downsizing in the organization over the past years. They would like to have moved back to the company when there has been a vaccine opening. The negative that keeps them from applying is they are getting the same benefits we have at  Merck, however, their base salary is over $10,000 more with the same type of bonus structure. In addition, vaccines are multi-faceted with high skill, much like oncology and we are way behind their salary.  We need to be more competitive in this area to keep top talent.
Opinions and knowledge of all members of every team, regardless of their role should be valued.  Most people in my role have advanced degrees and we are treated like we are dumb or don't know what we are doing.  It's frustrating and demeaning but most of all unproductive.
Break down the silo , create and value SME's and incorporate a safety and compliance culture in a daily work
The mission must be effectively translated down into the various divisions for the company to drive tangible outcomes that moves us towards delivering on our mission. The incentives should also be aligned with the priorities. While we have make digital advances we are still hesitant to embrace all the technology available to us due to certain hurdles that need to be addressed.
Compared to colleagues  in the industry from other companies, MSD is lacking in both employee appreciation and compensation.
Give the field team the resources needed to meet competitive pressure
At this moment support during pandemic are great, I feel very happy to work at MSD
Need to ensure we have the appropriate number of resources to deliver the study portfolio.
focus on people development
Turnover at company this big is understood. We have a significant lag time and many layers to refill position. To refill a position, there has to be a streamline process which expedites approval of new position. This lag of 5-6 months puts significant stress on existing team members and affects employees performance and overall company image.
Keep the remote work option in place. It saves fuel, lowers pollution, allows for flexibility with children, promotes better mental health and provides opportunities for other voices in meetings- people who may be too reserved to comment at face to face- can contribute more freely. I really think Remote Work allows more diversity in opinions and not the same old rigid meeting structures. More creativity- and what Merck needs above all -People who Think.
Invest in IT infrastructure, IT leadership, and more headcount given workload.
Less restrictions, focus on the customers and not just Academia.  Look toward the big players in the community
Managers are nit-picking on numbers and expecting the same kind results from a pre-pandemic world and not taking into consideration the new environment we work in. You can only send so many emails and make so many phone calls. Our customers are still dealing with COVID-19 and our leaderships thinks they are back to normal and should have the same access and results as before. Not realistic in the least bit and then they are constantly focusing on metrics that are impossible to meet.
Should embrace diversity and inclusion across all areas of the work force rather than just focus on areas that are topical in the media - what about agism - people are living longer and are more active to older ages. Important to respect these people and value them also rather than seeing them as gone past it.
Offer more compensation and/or incentives so as not to lose experienced individuals to competition
Continue efforts to reduce stress and support Work - Life Balance.
I would appreciate Merck continuing with current efforts to support employees, provide good benefits for physical and mental health, offer extra education resources such as EBRG webinars, and maintain a strong company value set.
Too many fragmented organizations within and they operate fairly independently and hard to see how they all come together for a singular mission.
Allow for permanent telework for all employees who wish
Review internal department processes to streamline old processes, bring them up to actual needs.  Review Workloads vs team sizes and allow expansion to be able to attend real and actual WK otherwise the team is overloaded and discomfort and burnout starts to creep up and at the end people decides to leave because it becomes unsustainable and incompatible with health, family, etc.
Continue to deliver on mission of George Merck to deliver medicine for the people.  Also, to continue to deliver innovative treatments for patients with cancer.    For Merck and MSD employees, maintain talent by a creative schedule (flexibly work days and another week off), less meetings.    Increase promotions or change the levels to be competitive  The work day has increased and promotions have decreased.      Keep talent here at Merck and MSD to help deliver on our mission!
Getting back to normal...pre-Covid
1. Be more active on developing individuals to grow on the succession line rather that have an external resource as a first option.   2. I would like to have a contact directory with positions and responsibilities (by product/country) as mentioned in the procedures. For example, If I need to have Orion updated due to a site request...how do I find the correct contact fast for a LATAM market/product/site? There is no single place I can look for that and is very time consuming trying to get through to the right person the first time.
Strictly speaking for Oncology because that is where I work: 1. If our goal is to "Become the leading Oncology Company" explain the metrics. If it at all includes that our customers see us as the best company to partner with in order to improve patient outcomes then there are steps we need to take to enable this. With every decision we make we need to ask ourselves whether the action or decision supports our mission. On the other side of that equation we also need to ask ourselves how an action or decision may run counter to our mission and what impact on patient care that ultimately may have.  2. Stop weighing in on politics in the media. Our country is so divided and we are dividing it further. I work in many diversity streams within the company and people are telling me that they have never been more scared of speaking out than they are right now. I am an ally for many EBRGs and in a leadership position for one. I can't let anyone know my political affiliation or I will be cancelled
Embrace technology to reduce manual labor and reliance on paperwork for critical processes. Take time to value the employee feedback, especially from the ones that quit honestly.... We need to know what is wrong!
Continue to build a culture of belonging and ownership within employess
Continue engaging employees, modernize.
Increase mentorship opportunities.  Develop processes where employees can increase innovation and challenge the status quo.  Finally, build a leadership ladder so workers know what is needed to advance their careers.
Focus on the customers and patients vs activity metrics driven  Never loose sight...... “we try to forget that medicine is for the people. It is not for the profits. The profits follow, and if we remembered that, they have never failed to appear. The better we have remembered it, the larger they have been.” George Merck
More communication within our department at a local level
Stay out of politics. I do not like what ken Frazier is doing right now. It is not the companies place to insert itself in political matters.  Especially when a lot of its employees and patients might disagree.  It has nothing to do with our mission so it’s best as a company we stay out of politics.
Allow flexibility in work location and hours to foster inclusivity.  Create a culture where this flexibility is embraced and accepted.
Ask questions directly related to our manager's manager.
Merck Senior Leadership is doing a great job in delivering their mission and goals; however, it's not the top priority for   mid-senior levels (Associate director or directors). Most of the time they are unaware of what company is doing to be diverse and inclusive. Hence, they fail to promote a diverse and inclusive environment. In addition, they are not able to acknowledge and recognize great work done by their peers/subordinates/team members. As a result, employee may not feel as empowered as it's being explained at SLT.
Promote employees who do well in their positions year over year. Allow years of work experience as substitute for college degree in job postings.
Merck is a great company.  Merck should continue on a common sense trajectory to deliver great medicines to the people who need them.  Great sales team certainly help with this, and we should continue calling on customers bringing them products and information.
collaborate, communicate & encourage employees to coordinate & work as a team
Value diversity of opinion.  Ditch 'key talent' initiatives which create a 2-3 class system in the company and often appears to be ageist
Communicate a clear path forward.
Please allow Field Sales to work in the field without the RAT report changing weekly for those of us that are vaccinated.  Our competitors are with customers and many customers prefer to meet now in person.
reduce the number of silos and remind associates of the "medicine is for the people" mission.
Continue to be open minded and innovative in the way we can support our customers and their needs.
We need more staff. We are really understaffed and it causes such negative impacts as people struggle to get their work done within the time constraints they have. Do not make people go back to the office if they do not need to do so. I am concerned about the approach I've heard the company considering to bring people back to the office. It is not something that will make me interested in stepping foot in an office. Nor would I consider taking a mask off while at work. I appreciate the resources that Merck is offering to help team members with issues they face at home and I'm hoping these become permanent additions to what we do. I haven't utilized any yet, but I've been so busy that I cannot explore them. And that comes full circle. I need more time. In my day. Given to me to think, work through the problems I have. And to take a break. We are pushing ahead harder than we did last year and it is wearing on me already. Practice what we preach in politics and hiring at senior levels.
Be more transparent in a timely fashion (I learned about the manufacturing plant supporting the J&J COVID vaccine from social media before I heard it from my own company (hours later)); do more to recognize and value the non-revenue producing departments/organizations; look into areas in which the leadership has not changed in years - there is little opportunity to grow within one's own department if the "original crew" has been in place for years and years and are essentially road blocks to the rest of the department.
I would appreciate not shutting down and moving sites frequently so my family does not have to uproot their lives.  Otherwise, great company.
Onsite mental health services. Having a the Lyra programto suggest provides hasn't helped me. I have to find time to contact the mental health service providers and they have said they aren't taking patients.  Flexible work schedule/location post COVID (if ever) would be helpful.
expedite as much as possible any 're-prioritization' involved in new MRL senior leadership so people can focus on moving forward vs wondering what changes might be coming.  improve alignment/understanding between Global Safety and the Environment at the corporate level (for example, re lab safety and lab facility standards) and the individual Site Safety teams, and between GSE corporate and functional area leadership.  Goal would be to improve ability for sites and functional areas to respond to corporate-level directives by providing advance warning and motivation and time to develop a spending plan to meet new standards
prioritize what we are working on instead of continually asking employees to take more on make work-life balance unmanageable, making work stress unmanageable, and eliminating time for employee development. I think we need to also take a much more serious approach to patient centricity and at the very least have a company strategy stance on true patient engagement
think about amount of work and people capacity in small countries, majority are sitting on more that two chairs,  8hours working day is impossible when compare with workload
Continue to support employees self-development through Mentorship programs, gigs, and offering continuing education for those who wish to take on more responsibilities and leadership roles within the organization.
I love the focus on making medicines for people. I think company policies are good, just need to be followed all the time.
Increase the HR team beyond just one person.
Simplify Organization and Streamline decision making
Focus on inventing for life, not social justice warrior
Mostly continue what we're doing. Continuously improve while maintaining existing philosophies.
We should truly look to reimagine what work we do, how we work, and when it gets done.  Need to move to a culture that is more empowering vs. one where it is 'command and control' and structured.
retain many of the lessons about  new ways of working learned during the 2020 shutdown, Ex.  Encouraging remote meetings, WFH when possible and flexible work hours.
Promotion to be based on performance (talent reviews) rather than network
enable managers and their managers to determine how and when we "return to normal" if working from home works for people and the flexibility allows more work to be done, let them do it that way
Adjust pay scale to allow for bigger raises each year if outperformed.  Minimize the number of digital systems that must be used.  Improve the digital systems that must be used (get rid of MIDAS).  Improve the global mobility group to make global moves more efficient.
deveremos fazer o que falamos... walk the talk...
Merck needs to "turn up to technology". By this I mean harness the value and create a culture of embracing technology. Day's spend filtering through emails and notes are inefficient and unproductive, more collaborative platforms which better suit our working ways are here, but we have not "turned up to them". I already feel like we are left behind, especially when it comes to institutional knowledge, we are constantly re-learning because those who have left have not left behind the knowledge.   Initiatives like Fortify our Future do little to address these issues, because technology is not embraced at higher levels and we know that this drives the culture in our organization.
Continue to listen to the employees and put value on their opinions.  I have worked in an environment where the feedback as to why the turnover was was high in the department and what was needed to reduce attrition and no change as made, the person who took over my role left one month after myself because feedback was ignored.
Take care of ALL of your employees during this time of crisis with Covid, not just some of them while the rest of us come in EVERY day to face this. No extra Hazard Pay, barely any recognition, no extra sick time should we get sick from the vaccine. Care for ALL of your employees, not just the ones you sent home in the beginning that are STILL sitting at home safe and sound! It's not right.
Continue to offer flexible working arrangements to be competitive with other companies.  Continue to value employee feedback and be transparent from the top down.
It feels like we are not managing change effectively, instead trying to change too much without understanding the consequences of that path, nor ensuring the change is correct.
Be realistic about barriers to collaboration within the company, and barriers to simplification of work processes (e.g. HR data privacy), and have honest and safe discussions about our ability to get the work done, as compared to the expectations. It's not an excuse, it's an opportunity to work together toward a solution.
I am proud to work for Merck.  I have seen the company be very supportive of its employees through my career but especially during the pandemic.
Open communication about staffing needs. Receiving mixed messages about the excitement and opportunity of launching new products while continuously hearing about layoff concerns from manager.
more vacation time for experienced employees who join the company.  3 weeks is not a lot of time off.
Please make changes and a faster pace.  Change is a part of business but so many times it takes so long to roll them out it affects moral.  Don't release partial information if it is going to take your months to figure out the whole picture.
Provide training to middle management on how to develop people and sustain the expertise. Management should try to encourage and help employee to have long good career at Merck.
Further diversity training and opportunities, and better roll-outs with changing technologies. (Online tutorials on sync page for the newest types of generic tech like MS Teams for instance).
Leaders need to set an example that it's ok to work from home and balance work/life especially has we move beyond the pandemic.
I feel Merck is doing an excellent job creating an excellent culture to work in given all that’s going on in today’s world.  The Pandemic has caused considerable changes in all of our lives and Merck has done an excellent job keeping the employees safe.  The RAT tool has been an excellent example!!!  Merck is the best company and I couldn’t be more proud to work for them for the past 20years!!
Increase starting pay to reflect the degree of education that employees have. A better training program/schedule to keep employees on track for promotion at a decent rate.
Merck and MSD are not a place where failure or experimentation are encouraged in any real way. The words of leaders say that they appreciate this, but their actions and reprimands say otherwise. Merck should allow greater flexibility in remote work, testing new approaches, and encouraging experimentation and failure.   Additionally, our obsession with process and bureaucracy make the working lives of our employees much more cumbersome and difficult.
Level out responsibilities of all the teams.  Production has not had a break and continues to show up to work every day while all of our support teams work from home.  Expectations should be the same across all teams.
Leaders need the bandwidth to activetly support the changes being asked of them. I feel like if there was more bandwidth to change we would actually start to see that. However, granting that bandwidth means leadership needs to be held accountable to that change
Enrich our pipelines, deliver more products for human health, make our company stronger.
Be flexible with respect to work/home.   Be willing to stay the course when we commit to science, irrespective of commercial considerations.
Each area should have better defined actions for job growth and promotion
Simplify the current processes. Understand the country economic's landscape  to have competitive salaries that avoid people leaving the company.
Alignment across the senior levels and their direct reports on not just the vision but the how would be good. More often than not disconnects at the senior level tend to manifest themselves across the organization decreasing productivity. Would like to see accountability being a core value and we use it at all levels
Merck is right in the pocket as far as I am concerned. No changes needed..other companies need to change to be like us!
Negatively impacting someone’s pay because they are not willing or unable to change positions or take on extra work due to other obligations.
I have appreciated the support/flexibility given to those employees balancing work and children during the pandemic.  From daycare closures, virtual school, school closures, etc.  Merck has been amazing (in the case of my family).  We are very appreciate to the grace that has been extended to us during this time.  Thank you.
Make the different units of Merck/MSD more cohesive; often times the different units/divisions are like remote silos where there is no knowledge of what another unit does or how they impact business.
Continue focusing on new ways of working. Creating an inclusive workplace.
Ensure employees tat their investments and pension are safe for long haul
Develop folks within IPTs. Staffing turnover is to quick causing learning gaps and frustrations for folks who have to work with new hires every few months
Encourage training for management team to know the floor and process so they can listen to the shop floor and try to resolve issue at shop floor level instead of looking at the board and talk about matrix and how to meet the target.
Invest in our people. Allow them to build skills beyond the tactical job. Ensure they are getting a well-rounded employment experience.
I think we need more diversity in leadership. We do a lot of D&I conversations but action at a higher level is necessary.
(1) Increase focus on sustainability and deliberately resource for sustainability with sustaining owners of business systems and Quality systems such that sustainability is not a "side job". (2) Communicate more directly and more frequently, both vertically and horizontally, regarding how MRL and MMD areas are intended to support incoming acquisitions and licensures that appear to be entering the system at a much faster rate than can be assimilated with current ways of working.
Continue to develop a speak up culture Contribute have a more work-life balanced
Possibly planning a return to the workplace in some capacity.
Stop allowing management and coworkers to harass and belittle others! Stop allowing favoritism within groups! Actually follow the 12 inclusive behaviors not just talk about them as though they are being followed. Hold management accountable for their actions and for not showing employees any sense of direction! Have HR follow up with any concerns that have been discussed! Stop allowing management to keep employees from developing and grow within the company! Stop allowing management to keep employees at the same level just because they dislike them! Stop allowing them to bring multiple people in the department at higher levels/compensation and ruling current employees out because they don't like them NOT because they are not qualified! Stop allowing management to hire their friends at higher levels! Stop allowing pregnancy discrimination! Have HR look into situations like these as well! Especially when an employee has been here working in a department for years!
create a transparent prioritization of drug development projects so that functional group implementation employees understand where to focus their limited resources. something like the end of the year HR stack-ranking of employees, but applied to development compounds (e.g. MK-WXYZ is #15/27 active clinical programs) would be ideal. something every single person in the organization could understand. could be updated at year end just like the employee evaluations
Don't get political. We provide life saving medicine to all people of all backgrounds, thats our mission. Todays world is getting too political, we need to calm hot tempers and reunite our people, not fuel the divide. I already feel targeted by some of Merck's "inclusive" training but I understand the intent so i look beyond the microaggressions I feel are targeting me.
Be more transparent on hiring decisions and rationale.  Why can some people skip two levels?      Do more for our communities - for example, we know that there are difference in vaccination rates in certain populations, yet we only try to exist through existing budget and efforts.  Why not take a stand as a corporation and say that we will help close the gaps and make big, bold moves to show we are serious (like free vaccines for certain groups).  Things that really help patients and can get positive PR for Merck.
Stay off political platforms and focus on the patient.
We need to get rid of the “lay-off culture” that has been in place since 2005.  This has become a strategy that has negatively impacted talent for the sake of shareholders.  Surely, the leaders at Merck can come up with a better strategy than letting people go every 2 years.  Every two years, fear sets in that a “re-alignment” will take place, displacing hundreds of us, which is a life-event for our families.  What’s sad is that it doesn’t matter how much we accomplish, we have no control of our future.  That fear is felt throughout the field, in every division.  We made it over 100 years without a “lay-off culture” strategy.  I see this strategy as a failed strategy.  Merck needs to be THE biopharma company that adopts a better way to adjust to product launches, aging products and shifting talent resources amongst divisions and I hope our new CEO will accept the challenge.
It's not safe to speak up.  We say it and we mean it but it's just not safe.  People that are promoted are those that have perfected the ability to manage up. Posture. Say the right things to the right leader.  There are those w/ front door access and then the rest of us.
Enable employees to ruthlessly set priorities so that we have a manageable workload.  I think Merck is doing this well and maybe even MMD, but it doesn't translate to the individual workload.  We are expected to work on day-to-day, FoF, special projects, etc.  It is impossible within a 40 hour work week.  Additionally, GSM, Supply Chain, Quality, EHS processes are not executed consistently at the Sites.  This causes confusion re: roles and responsibilities and who is the correct point person.  Can we do an analyses to align R&R at the sites?
Continue to be transparent from up at the top down to the bottom
Find a way to allow employees to take time off without having to call into meetings or take care of email requests on vacation days.
Keep up doing the good things and always trying to seek new ways to improve
No comments. MSD is a great place to work
1.  Address in a real way the work/life balance.  We often hear that there is concern for this, and some small steps have been made.  But, current timelines for projects such as submissions of documents to regulatory agencies cannot be met without seriously disrupting work/life balance for numerous employees, and this happens on a regular basis.  This can lead to burnout, driving away good employees, especially those with young families.
I've been with Merck many years and have moved laterally to new roles throughout that time. I think Merck needs to do a better job of outlining a career path and ladder for its employees so they can progress and be promoted even while working in the same division or organization.
Focus on the person. If you look after the people, then delivery will look after itself.
Have a better way to recruit, engage and retain talents.
I feel Merck has done a tremendous job supporting their employees (from my personal perspective) during such a difficult and scary time.  The past year and a half I have felt very fortunate to work for Merck.  I feel confident Merck always does right for it's employees.
Assist more actively in visa sponsorships.
TOO many meetings and work teams that don't make an impact and just check off someone's box.   We are trying to get our jobs done and the over whelming number of meetings is hindering this.  We have to work well into the night and weekends just to return all the emails and then get pressure that deadlines on meetings aren't being met.  It's very frustrating.   Also, I think Scott means well to have his people manager and all company meetings but these could be consolidated and shorter.   It feels like they are really reaching for content and now we are having required 20 minute trainings!   It's just over whelming and we could use that time to do our jobs that we are hired to do.   Again, it's all well intended but I don't think senior level leadership understands this impact.
Aplicar mais feedbacks.
Fully support the use of Digital technology but often times platforms are released that may not be fully tested that develop into a lot of inefficiencies when utilized within the work environment.  This leads to frustration with individuals and makes the use of these platforms more difficult to adopt.
We operate in a regulated industry, which mandates a certain mentality.  But I often find making changes or improvements are more difficult than the item warrants.    We should try to develop experts, and then allow them the time/capacity to be able to coach the 'doers'.  Some of these exists, but I think it could be more widespread then just the centers of excellence.  Allowing these experts the time to consult on other people's work is key as many of these potential experts have a full workload already.
Have more alignment across groups/functional areas on Merck's priorities. It was great to have a priority list early on in the pandemic. It enabled people to be focus and to focus resources on these priorities. It helped with the stress and provided a strong sense of purpose. Since the summer those priorities have not been re-communicated and we are back to many projects using the same amount of resources. This pulls people in many directions. I feel I have seen more mistakes and not optimal use of resources. Communicated/aligned priorities would help to execute these priorities flawlessly.
I have been very pleased with the amount of effort Merck puts into making the company a great place to work.
Work from home/hybrid work.
Open your horizon more, focus more on the rest of the world and not only on certain markets
Continuing to be flexible and recognize employee stress/mental state and home-life can be impacted during pandemic and expectations of employee accomplishments/engagement/availability may suffer somewhat.
practice inclusion at all level- not only what Wall Street and the News is looking at right now
Focus on critical objectives, especially during challenging times, such as COVID and do a better job on evaluating impact and resource requirements before asking the sites to absorb more work (such as QSIP)
it was a disappointment as a long time employee to see that Merck/MSD was not in the forefront of finding a vaccine for Covid.  it seems that we are no longer leading the pack of our competitors.  i am very proud of our company and it was sad to see what occurred.  i think we need to be more transparent on what direction the company is going; where will we be in 5 years.  the stress of the past year has been alot on everyone.  we should be communicating what the workplace will look like when we return and our executives should be sponsoring an unassigned more collaborative work environment.  we have this opportunity to change.
Merck is the best company I've ever worked for.  I'd say keep doing what we are doing.
What's our 3 to 5-year plan to improve plant EHS values, culture & risk recognition skills (i.e., Provide leadership training and develop employees).  Have department Directors involved/engaged with incident investigation review  meetings for SIF2 events, recordable injuries & reportable Env. events (i.e., visit the incident site, sit through the investigation meeting, get engaged with root cause, etc.) - shows commitment, leadership and ownership.  I have yet to here Mr. Frazer start a meeting with EHS message or performance data.  To me this is an indirect message that EHS is not a core business value.  Coming from a newer employee from a different industry, I have seen CEO's, Presidents and Vice Presidents lead off meetings with with a EHS message.  When you hear and see this, it sends a powerful message. Plant Senior Leadership Team should be aware, they are perceived as a group NOT willing to change. They scrutinizes & question new ideas without seeking to better understand them.
Continue to invest in establishing and communicating roadmap for post-pandemic future with respect to vaccination and work from home policies
My position is moving to West Point in 2022. There are no roles that I currently do in Rahway. Many positions are filled with Eurofin contractors that generate GLP Data.
Just like we are doing now, accepting feedback, listening to our team, accompanying them to be successful, incorporating more & more the WoW behaviors.  being an example as Manager...
Truly listen to those in lower roles. Hear their complaints. Figure out ways to support them better so they can lead their teams in a more successful way and not feel like they have to work 12+ hours every day.  We are asked to report our time, but who is actually LOOKING at this time. Who is actually saying - Joe has been working 60hrs for months - we need to change something and somethings to make this a better place. We are getting there but there is still much to be done.
Although we are striving to make cultural shifts, this is still very challenging and the old, more traditional culture still exists in many areas.  Additionally, there is so much change and I think a lot of people feel uncertainty.  More communication and transparency would be helpful.
Awareness of organizational exhaustion due to heavy workloads, drive by employees to deliver above and beyond, and lean teams.  The focus on patients is consistent and strong.  We still struggle to know what is being pursued in the organization and often duplicate work streams which is costly to budget and time.  We also have issues with re-visiting decisions/approvals without significant reason such as a new precedent being set in the market.  This is a massive cost to the organization in missed opportunities.
Allow reps to sign a waiver to disregard the RAT tool if vaccinated.
Overall, there needs to be a full systemic culture shift here with a real focus on trust and empowering employees to do the job and the work they were hired to do. Too many agendas and toxic behaviors impede a healthy and productive work environment. Ways of Working can mean working differently, but only if you do it a certain way according to too many senior leaders. Focus on our culture needs to be done authentically and not to check some D&I box, reach some artificial employee engagement level or receive an external award. The environment in the company has become far too divisive and it's not safe to be you or speak up if you don't agree with the politically-charged environment.
Create more remote opportunities to leverage the talent within the company.  Pick a clear direction and communicate well to help breakdown the silos that are starting to form. In the past we have worked really hard to work inclusively throughout our bu abs as we grow we are moving away from that and more into silos again despite all working in the same space
Guidance on work life balance and work life integration are key in the ever increasing virtual workplace. Continue to focus on research and development in the IO and Vaccines
Keep doing what you're doing!
Not expect the same deliverables with half the ressources.
Consider a work at home stipend for employee business expenses like higher speed internet.
More support from leadership to find opportunities and encourage the use of digital and analytics solutions in the day-to-day work.
Less turnover.  Morale has declined even with success of Keytruda.  Group is a toxic environment.  Clearly there is a bias to clear out those “old timers” and replace with new folks from outside of Merck.
Walk the walk.  Make sure individuals in management roles know how to lead.  My manager talks diversity and inclusion as if they are buzz words, but she does not listen to staff who have differing opinions or present opportunities for improvement.  She constantly talks about "her team" instead of "our team".  She acts in her best interest, not that of the entire team.  Her number 1 priority is not looking bad to her manager and customers and she adds undue stress to staff who are afraid to make decisions for fear of making a mistake.  The less work I do, the less mistakes I make, the more positive feedback I receive from her.  CRAZY!
As of now Merck and MSD are competing well with all the big pharma. With the strength of Immuno-oncology and Vaccines we need to maintain the pace to deliver better drugs. Failure of V590/591 vaccine candidates in clinic is one red flag that we need to think about. When Pfizer, J&J and Moderna could get their vaccines out, why we failed to so. It is the overall strategy that we chose is wrong or did mistakes in fast paced immediate vaccine development. As we know both V590/V591 are live vaccines, the route of administration must have been a parental route like nasal spray. Though we are leaders with our many successful vaccines we failed with SARS-COV2 vaccines. The lessons learnt from this should make us move forward with more strength to be successful all the time.
This plant site has tremendous amount of capital work.  Its hard to convince management to bring on added Merck resources to support the new facilities.  Work is overwhelming. It concerning to me that our CEO seems to be more interested in speaking about politics and social justice than running the business.  It is his right to do so, but I'd rather he focus on business related issues.
Ensure that everyone, regardless of who they are, where they come from, or what they believe are safe to be their authentic self at work.  I know the company is trying to ensure this, however, some voices are louder and more accepted then others.   Also, profit sharing with the employees, such as RSUs, is a real incentive and proves that Merck truly invests in their employees.
Provide opportunities to learn about the different functional areas of the organization.
-Essential employees were valued and recognized in March/April of 2020, but such activities fell silent for the the succeeding 12 months.  What happened?  We feel taken for granted and ignored.  -Very unfortunate that at minimum; essential employees reporting to plant site daily were not offered a Covid vaccine.  Other Pharm companies vaccinated their staff and families months ago.  Friends and family agreed that Merck dropped the ball with employee vaccinations and thought it showed poorly.  -Highlight more science and people development than visibility in politics.  -Enhance the support for system and IT performance.  Most often I find myself helping the help desk.  I spend more time with the clumsy systems and poor integration than problem solving and process improvements.  -Merck overall is still a decent place to work compared to other industries, but it may be slipping within the Pharm industry.
I think the company still needs to evaluate the gender gap in regards to representation at higher bands and pay overall.
Continue to give employees flexibility to work remotely.
Ensure everyone understands the companies highest priorities and identify how they relate to the deliverables each of us are doing.  Create an objective for each employee to develop 'new ways of working' through collaboration, exploration and implementation -  this may require limiting their other work load and encouragement to look outside their focus area.
I can't think of a thing.  I love working at Merck.
Continue advocating for Diversity and Inclusion to attract and maintain the best talent. Encourage and support more innovation in marketing strategies in order to better compete in disease area where our competitors have a higher focus on.
As a new employee, I can say Merck is a fantastic place to work as compared to other companies. The training, resources and sense of belonging are commendable. Looking for and investing in new innovations will keep us all proud to work for Merck.
Ensure an environment and culture of "EQUALITY" where everyone is treated with respect regardless of race, color creed , title, or gender.
Provide opportunities to get a better understanding of areas of development
No comment at the moment
I strongly believe expanding work-from-home opportunities will make this a better workplace for our current daily lives. Starting to work from home because of the pandemic has allowed me to cut down time spent on commuting, and I now go to the gym six days a week and cook all my meals myself. I am way healthier now than I was pre-pandemic. Also, some adjustments because of the pandemic would be great. Increased mental health days, no-meeting days during the week, random summer Fridays throughout the year....
Continue to allow employees to be open and candid. Listen and value our feedback as many of us are talking directly to customers. Even if something worked well in a pilot program or Merck spent resources on a new capability, it doesn’t mean it is actually helpful or useful in real world settings .
WE need to move with the times and not get stuck in the past with old ways of doing things. Digitalisation has a part to play but it comes down to a core fundamental understanding of what we want to digitise and why.  Allot times we are looking at a solution and ttyring to find the problem we want it to resolved. Needs to be the other way around and that requries a "Nuts and Botls" understanding of how processes work. Too often this knowledge is outsourced. Need to develop our people and build competencies with them.
Take more risks, streamline timelines in development by not overdoing everything and planning for speed rather than for perfect execution.
Local market knowledge not being applied in pandemic activity. Top management not caring about mental health of being isolated. Pressure to deliver virtual activity weighing heavily on field sales. Customers do not enjoy virtual sales calls, can and should be used when that is the preferred interaction method of the customer. Lots of frustration with sales force due to Merck’s strict COVID policy. Many looking at other opportunities, jeopardizing Merck’s future launch activity.
Try to create systems that are user friendly. I find searching for information on sync challenging. I enter key words into search and it's only about 1 out of every 3 tries that I am able to find the information I need. I feel the volume of information overwhelming at times and hard to locate.
What I see from the GSE Level. There are a few people in certain areas that need to be not demeaning or Condensing to others to Professionals at the site level.
Ensure flexible work schedules and remote work remain in place for all employees long after the Covid-19 shutdown is over.
Merck has done a great job innovating and changing the way we work. There are still opportunities we can improve for example 1) Security - following the daily shootings throughout the US, nothing has been done, for example at the WP gates, to prevent anyone from bringing a weapon on site to harm. I've worked for multiple Companies but Merck WP (only Merck site I've worked in) is the only where I can freely enter without anyone inspecting what I'm bringing in (as most gates are unmanned). It will be easy for anyone to bring a weapon and cause harm to everyone. 2) W/in-The-Job Growth - Merck is a very difficult, if not an impossible place for someone to grow in their own job. Experienced employees have to perform career jumps in order to grow. This promotes unnecessary brain drain putting our products at risk and possibilities of deviations. I think we have to do a better job at recognizing experience and background in order to promote and grow experienced employees w/in their jobs.
Align the tasks more with the Job Role and stop piling on.
prioritize work and focus resources
None to suggest at this time - I feel they are doing a great job!
Leverage "Gigs" as a tool for younger employees to both travel and learn from different source, nationwide and worldwide. Broaden perspectives ad experiences.
Cultivate a culture of Care beginning with the leadership team that everyone is committed to achieving. As we are working remotely, everyone is feeling the pull and non stop work. It's one thing for an individual to take vacation...the work and emails don't stop coming in and you feel compelled to not fully disengage for fear you'll be buried with work upon your return.  Great example is LinkedIn just gave their employees one week off with rules in place so no one could send each other emails or work to complete so everyone was able to breathe. We are coming close (if we're not there already) to a tipping point and something needs to be done.
Leave more decision making to the representatives
Work to ensure that the new digital technologies that are being rolled out are as efficient as they can be.
Be less bureaucratic and make decisions faster.  Too often, too many layers of the organization slow us down. Also, I fear we are trying to do too many things "pretty well" rather than focusing on fewer things (i.e disease areas, modalities, platforms) and doing them exceptionally well.
Keep doing the good work
Really invest in the people.  Offer remote options permanently with home office budget.  Increase paid time off/mental health days.   Let people decide the technology they want to use.
To make the job a more happier place with input from everyone no matter what role or level you are.
Drive sustainability, diversity and inclusion
Provide employees with a safe way to provide constructive performance feedback on managers and leaders.
Continue to support work-life balance.
Continue to use Inclusion to inform employees of important information.
Promotions should be based on work experience, not whether the employee has a college degree.
Encourager l’innovation
Determine a firm, comprehensive, and modern solution/plan for the work environment for when the COVID work at home controls are lifted.
I am proud to be a Merck employee.  Keep performing the actions that are aligned with the company's stated mission.  Remain vocal about racial injustice and the importance of inclusion and diversity.  Continue with COVID-19 updates and other business briefings about our pipeline and Merck's broader plans.
Continue to invest in opportunities within the organization to move up, change roles, learn and develop.  Also understand that although hiring freezes are a short term financial fix, it ultimately impacts the ability to meet performance goals and financial objectives.  Also, Trying to effectively cover business areas that cannot be filled adds to the overall stress, which is already high, of other team members.
Increase Prioritization of: projects, work resources, financial efficiencies, as well as valuing the skills and expertise of company wide and divisional business process experts that sustain the running of the business.  Leadership (mid-level to the top) seems disconnected from the End to End processes that keep the company in business.
Need to be able to train new employees better  and better communication
Listen to the shop floor, not just the support groups.  Stop looking at us like the enemy.
Actively sponsor digital programs and projects with action, not just talk.  Have Leaders model the behaviors they want to see with digital projects, not just talk about them.  Continue the workplace flexibility provided during the pandemic, it's been a great way to achieve some work/life balance that me and my family really appreciate.
More management exposure to the organization. More townhalls to set the positive tone
Get away from politics, get away from trying to police morality (way to subjective), get away from thinking everyone has a base in racism, stop supporting globalist movements and agendas that include critical race theories and similar. Stop appealing to the winds of public opinion. Get back to the basics of what we are here to do which is medicine and leave our belief structures/voting to be determined by our Constitution and chosen belief systems. Not everyone has to be woke to be a good, compassionate, loving person.
1. Inclusiveness is an incredibly important concept for Merck to focus on.  In doing so, Management should be sure that we broaden the definition of inclusiveness and make it clear to all employees.  I do not feel that all people feel included equally with the almost singular focus being on racial injustice for the last year. This is completely understandable and appropriate, but it's time to broaden. 2. Keep partisan political views out of the workplace.  It is okay to take a stand on some issues, but let's be very choiceful.  Our employee base is from both sides of the aisle and there are many people that are not comfortable with the seemingly left-leaning commentary coming into the workplace and they are afraid to even speak up about it.  This is not inclusive.
I feel in-person interaction is important. I hope that when covid is under control we can return to the office to build more personal connections.
Make promotions (not job change to a higher level) a normal part of career development.  We should not have to only be able to be promoted when a new position becomes available, and have to apply for this new position (especially within the same group).  How do you expect to retain employees for long periods of time at the same position?
need more millennials in the workforce to balance
Make serious upgrades to the quality of our biology now by making bold people moves or admit that's not our strength and get back to a place where execution on bringing the best molecule forward and developing it well with clinical and safety drives our business.  That formula was the goose that laid the golden eggs and we must not kill it.
The Sales job has been diminished over the years. No long term incentives, capped salaries, poor raises and a bonus pool that has not been raised in many many years. It would be nice if some of those items were restored and more opportunities existed for those who wish to stay in the field.
Ensure we have access to the most current data available from third part vendors i.e. Animalytix, Gfk, Idexx. Helps us make sound business decisions that will propel the company forward.
Ensure that colleagues in local subsidiaries are feeling respected by country leadership, that people in local subsidiaries feel free to speak up and that they are not treated as invisible in their office by their country leadership (not their managers as managers are sometimes in different countries and they are managing their people well). Improve atmosphere in local offices, way how people are treated. MSD Global initiatives and mission sometimes are not implemented in the way how it was supposed  at the country level, in the environment where we are working.
Stay focused on business of patient care. Stay out of politics.
Make our products more affordable to our hospitals and patients.
Financially compensate consistent outstanding performance.  Though I appreciate kind words, there's no financial gain and that's VERY discouraging. I have been doing this job for 10 years and I am the area expert on many processes. I was happy to stay in my position, but I definitely do not feel as though I am adequately rewarded with salary.
Demonstrate support for employees: pandemic response was poor relative to other pharma companies (no on-site testing despite mandatory on-site presence, no effort to assist with or provide access to vaccines). Ensure compensation and perks are on par with competing organizations to help promote talent retention.
Now that we've been working from home over a year without loss productivity, I feel the option to continue to do so should be offered.  It makes a difference for those with long commutes.  If there is a need to be in office, face to face meeting etc. then have person come in but the flexibility is nice.
1) Focus on breaking down silos in org structure across the company, rather than continuing to build more and 2) employee development
Be transparent and up front about the changes happening.  Example - the Rahway site is undergoing a transformation with new construction, new buildings for science, existing buildings be renovated, etc. yet it is a secret to only a select few.  As employee aren't we trusted with the information?  Can't we be trusted?  There is a also a lack of transparency when it comes to job postings - some jobs are created for employees yet never posted and then there is an announcement of a promotion.  Other jobs are posted yet once one applies one never gets the courtesy of an interview, weeks after the posting.
Continue the strong importance to diversity and inclusion Ken Frasier set forth for the company and continue to be a leader and an example for other large organizations to do the same.
Adjust either workload or manpower, and decrease "agile sprints" to specific projects, not as a permanent habit. Sprints are not suitable for marathons.
Is my beter experience, and my dream Work in MSD
Get rid of the RAT tool
Improve Chronic Care bonus targets, which have stayed the same for over a decade.
I think we are on a good path to deliver our mission now.
Continue the great work!
Evolve and forget the good old days - The General Manager, too much conservative should walk the talk and as well the Leadership team. Innovation if outside the Leadership Team boundaries it is not welcome.  Speak-up - Although it seems you can  speak this is not absolutely true. In the near future if one talks, surely will be somehow penalized.
Provide the needed resources and tools to allow everyone to do their best.
I appreciate what Merck is doing for its employees.
Stay out of the political arena since as that is not one of our core priorities nor missions.
Improve IT - give business users access to IT advanced IT professionals who know are SME's.
Continue to support a culture of support developing medicines to patients and providing access globally
Merck should continue what it has been doing.  I think it is doing a good job listening to employees and not just making quality life saving products.  But looking to impact communities as well
Emphasize work-life balance, which includes hiring more people during COVID so that work can be better shared.
It's been extremely challenging to find time to take off work for vacation days given the amount of work on our plates and hours we are working each week. We need to have very deliberate conversations on activities that do not drive business value and prioritize our work accordingly. We take on more work, but do not remove or refocus our work to adjust for a decrease in team size. Additionally, many of us have adjusted extremely well to working full-time from home and would like to continue to do so, but there is concern that when buildings re-open, we will quickly revert to "having to be there to be seen" if we have career aspirations. As other companies have already made the jump to fully remote and have also offered things like an "impromptu" company shutdown week to give their hard working employees a much needed breather, what has Merck considered doing to avoid employee fatigue in this respect?
I have no comments at this time.
Continue to deliver on efforts to improve diversity and inclusion on site. Improve racial disparities within upper management. Foster a culture of productivity over presence. Work with employees to find ways of working that support individuals in the "new normal" including emphasis on work life balance and accommodations for working remotely. Continue to let the science drive the company forward and not the finances (specifically around Rob taking over for Ken). Allow space for younger generations to shape the work culture of the company rather than sticking to old ways of doing things because its convenient.
Drive our business into a more automated environment
Be transparent and fair with employees for the upcoming LOE with Januvia
Prioritize.  There are many global initiatives (QSIP, IPI, MDR, TOCS, etc) that are coming to a site level without resources or prioritization.  In order to be effective, we need to ensure we sequence the work to allow us to not lose control on safety, quality and supply reliability.  We are excited about the improvements but will need leadership support to ensure proper sequencing.
Continue to be fair to everyone no matter the race
I don´t find any point to be improved.
Implement IT solutions to bring efficiencies to work
Truly invest in Digital Innovation
Buyers need to follow up to ensure when purchase orders are cancelled that the vendor does not ship the material.
I think specific for the regulatory group we need to think about retention and how to get to a place where the workload isn't too overwhelming and the systems work smoother for the users to get their jobs done the first time.
To be a leading Health Care Provider we have Lagging Health care Insurance and Benefits. We have gone from a top Provider that used to hire in the 75th percentile to a company that hires in the 50th percentile and we can't find good help that wants to work and if they do they can't pass the drug test. We need quality people and help to meet our goals and deliver on our Mission.
Continue delivering on our mission for global human health.
To put gyms onsite,it would help with mental health
I don't believe Merck truly values its employees. It could be far worse, but it could be much better.
We still have a long way to go for equality and inclusion.  Everyone talks a good game but the actions don't always match.  Within Merck Animal Health, the food animal business is still very male dominated and as a female it is hard to advance or feel included and appreciated.
MSD should not be follow the strongest compliance and legal regulations in the market. This situation leads so much bureaucracy and longest project delivery time. Thinking out of the box is not easy because there's so much "don'ts" rather than "do". Our products are the most powerful medical products for human and animal health but rules are not helping to be able to compete with the others. We try to position as the best scientific company but due to the restricted medico-marketing collaboration we can't show ourselves to our stakeholders even if we're just like it. Process simplification is not enough, we need to change our culture of fear. In addition to that the salaries should be improved.
Once the sites open, employees should have the option to continue to work remotely.
Openess and transparency. Diversity and inclusion and not just superficially but actively across the company.
Eliminate heavy processes that create roadblocks from advancing our projects and give the perception that Merck is "difficult to deal with" at the physician level. Take more risks and reduce the administrative burden in the various tasks required by the business
HR and manager training on a centralized policy to deal with military reservists.
Working remotely full-time has posed some challenges on work-life balance. I also find myself in nonstop meetings all day often, making it difficult to actually get any work done. Some timelines are also not entirely feasible.
Continue to provide wonderful benefits and support during COVID, natural disasters, and when employees have personal needs that require flexibility.  Keep politics out of the workplace, which creates a 'covering' environment for those with differing views.
Please continue to expand the workforce with new, eager, and grateful people that come from varying backgrounds.
I feel SIP is causing CRA's to not be able to do their job.  The Sub I's are not registering and PI are not helping push this along and there is no help from CRM's or upper mng to push them to do it.
Continue to encourage the new ways of working which has made a major change in our culture.  Mindset more focus on external customers vs. internal deliverables/meetings.
Increase the amount of digital technologies used. It seems it is only rolled out to certain groups, if it was throughout production and qa/qc the processes would be more aligned and errors would reduce greatly. By removing recording by hand you would save time and create a more uniform way of recordkeeping. Documents would no longer be lost on peoples desk or in transport. I believe Merck should allow for more applications to be used by teams to document their goals and processes, giving better insight for goal tracking. Make the company more engaging for younger individuals by bringing in new technologies and invoking complex thought to create personal/professional growth for workers. There should be more open collaboration across sites and departments to learn from one another's mistake while also sharing our successes to make everyone's job easier. I would like to see more engagement for professional growth, creating avenues for people to advance in the company.
Accelerate a safe return to work process increasing socialization and improving professional collaboration
More focus on Prioritization of work.  Everything cannot be a priority.  We need to get better as an organization at saying "Not Yet."  People are getting burnt out from head count reductions which result in one person then having to take on the workload of two or more people.
have tangible resources for affinity groups available and visible to all. Prioritize digital innovation in operating areas with biggest gaps before continuing innovation with highly digitalized groups. Create a better onboarding program that creates a sense of community.
Greater collaboration between site and above site organizations to ensure successful implementation of new and improved processes.  Create greater visibility to digital tools available. Create greater visibility to networking/mentoring opportunities. Create greater visibility training/growth opportunities. Continue to support a flexible working environment to ensure balance between personal life and work life.
Merck is already a great place to work. It is the best company I have ever worked for in my almost 20 year career. The fact that many employees have been with the company for a significant amount of time is a direct correlation that it is a great place to work.
I see the retirement of Ken and Roger at the same time as a significant negative.  I think too much change at once is not healthy.    I really think the Board has to think about  how we have been executing during this pandemic and continue to deliver on the mission without rocking the boat too much.
Evaluate the current situation of the employee regarding the rotation of shifts and how this affect their family life and increased their stress
Honor work free times- for example given the global nature of our work it is always a ‘bad’ time for someone but we need greater reinforcement of meeting free times.  The risk of burn out is very real when people are working 10 + hour days with few breaks.
We have complex org structures and governance. Most committees have no decision rights but are leveraged for pre-socialization.  in MMD, OpU structure creates complexity given the assets are shared and this leads to decision making at the highest level of the company given various opinions of the SVP's
What steps should Merck and MSD take to further make the company a great place to work and deliver on our mission?
- Change and adapt better and not change for change sake. -Be able to make changes and not have to roll out the same change to all department/visions as one size DOES NOT always fit all ...
Allowing more flexibility to go into the field to see customers if fully vaccinated  and willing to go on territory regardless of the RAT tool status
Get rid of non value added items.  Goal setting and objectives are worthless and provide no value, they simply waste time.  Quality gets involved in routine items that have nothing to do with quality, yet add complexity, time and cost to basic items that have nothing to do with making the medicine.  Quality needs to focus on items that actually impact the product, not making the department bigger for the sake of making Quality the most powerful organization in the company.  Creating metrics that actually measure, quality, cost and performance; not random things that we hope will create quality, cost and performance.  Fix the budgeting process.  EVERY year we don't have enough money to do the projects that would provide ROI and help Merck, then in the 4th quarter, other suites don't spend all the money they asked for and BAM, tons of money, rush, do projects as quick as possible and get them invoiced before December 31st, but we can't because there isn't enough time left.
Continue the efforts in equality, diversity, inclusion, and keeping Merck/MSD as a competitive employer.
I am on my 3rd role in the past year in part due to re-orgs.  This has impacted my ability to grow and develop my career.  The process for acquiring the resources and technology needed to work from home is cumbersome and obscure.  Many of our processes, specifically Med/Legal (PRT) review, are antiquated and are holding us back from innovation.
Not continue cutting - the spin has allowed us naturally reduce overheads and the portfolio needs supporting to eek out the value but cannot be done on a shoe string budget.
Transparency and being receptive to change at the local site. Not systemic to all MSD (since dealing with other sites). we need to keep up with industry standards to remain relevant, compliant and competitive. Also looking after the mental well-being of employees should have greater focus in the Safe by Choice program.
Continue to solicit and act on feedback from employees and stakeholders. Continue to provide flexible working arrangements.
Drive decision making down to lowest levels (empower people and allow them to make mistakes - many areas have a zero level tolerance for mistakes which prevents appropriate level decision making and experimentation).  Continue our diverse hiring practices to help ensure we bring in a variety of different skills/perspectives.  And one of the biggest things we need to do is improve our digital capabilities and systems - many of the key systems are underfunded and not well supported so end users hate using them and they don't make their jobs easier.  There are better solutions out there but they cost money to implement and maintain...we really need to invest in this space to get to the next level.  We are also starting to lose many strong employees to other opportunities outside of Merck due to our continued compensation deficiencies relative to our competition.   We shouldn't have to leave the company to be able to get salaries and promotions in line with our abilities.
Continue discussions about diversity and inclusion.   Give transparency to how situations are handled when people have a boss who is a jerk. Also, give managers an easier path to dismiss poor performing or jerky employees.  I have seen jerky employees be transferred through various organizations in lateral moves because they can not be dismissed (even though the manager has a compelling documented case.)
Worry more about finding new drugs than maximizing pennies in operations.  We seem to spend alot of money on facilities and furniture.  I don't understand the move to Rahway, certainly not after COVID I do not want to be packed into tight shared hotel space.   Hopefully the executives will not go back to the country club travel, at my level we can't go to sites to talk to and see operations to make improvements but yet many exec call their whole team in sometimes multiple times per year for  organizing and planning many times offsite (otherwise people won't pay attention and be distracted by phones and other people)
Make sure that working from home becomes a permanent part of the future of working.
be less bureaucratic, resolve tensions between our deeply risk-averse culture and the need to be agile and move with speed for our survival; also one group that tends to be forgotten and can use more allies are middle-aged people who are mid-level managers (band 400/500) - so many in this group get written off, but they have 10 - 20 yrs more to work, how can we have a less ageist attitude and continue to ensure career development and opportunities?
Encourage taking on more appropriate risks and reward data-driven failure/no-go decision; More leadership and development opportunities for lower band level employees; Review and improve compensation packages
Merck has done a lot over the last year to support employees but in the end failed to acknowledge the extraordinary efforts everyone had to take to compensate for Covid by "rewarding" employees with an 87 rating.
Continue to support virtual working from home as alternatives to traveling. Make sure the Core Values of our Company culture is consistent throughout our management - our leader Christine has tried to make a wonderful work culture but not all Zone Business Leaders are following this.
Provide people with more opportunities for exposure and to grow and learn. Many managers do not mentor and live by "I" not "we". That said, they ask teams to do great work but then do not give them the opportunity to present it themselves.  Additionally, when people challenge the status quo, we are still told "well that is how we do it here". It can be frustrating and demotivating when we are tasked to evolve the organization but at times are hindered from being permitted to do so.
Continue to pursue new and novel treatment options for the unmet needs in medicine.  Embrace technology and new ways of working.  It seems to me that Pfizer and Moderna embraced new technology in the pursuit of effective vaccine options for Covid.  Why did we not embrace this technology?  As we pursue the noble and important goals for diversity and inclusion, it will be necessary to truly be open to all thinking and opinions.  Being open does not mean you have to agree nor does it mean that you can’t think a certain way.  As Merck steps into the political conversations, our company runs the risk of disadvantaging/discriminating against candidates/employees based on political alignment and beliefs.  And I don’t think this would be a desirable outcome.
1.  Improve the evaluation system, so employees are not surprised with evaluations that are not at all what they expected.  2.  Put people in charge of projects who know how to do projects, and have the time to devote to that project to make things like go lives go more smoothly - and involve people with experience with the different systems in the conversations.  3.  Institute better financial training and processes, so "Merck math" (with respect to how Merck is charged by vendors for parts and services) is no longer just accepted.  4.  Prioritize demands for employees better - especially employees who are working on site.  5.  Improve technology roll outs.  For example, TEAMs needs more training made available, Microsoft updates often slow down systems to a crawl and causes unpredictable technology performance, and are not compatible with all systems needed for daily work.
1. To count on everybody to participate in internacional and national forums, to ask for feedback to everybody, to involve everybody
Let the work space stay at home for at least 3/4 days a week
Continue to offer opportunity to work remotely as pandemic subsides.  I feel extremely satisfied with my current work/life balance situation and am just as productive, if not more, working from home.
Further promote the new Ways of Working. Speciallly from Controllig to Empowering.
Appropriately address pipeline gaps, diversify our pipeline and ensure we are well positioned to manage thru the Keytruda LOE.
some folks are moved from position to position.   others have to apply to maybe get a new role.   I'd like to see a more consistent practice.
Some positions require geographical location. If Covid-19 taught us anything, it's that the work can be done from any location. I'd be happy to see this reflects in the availability of all positions to all employees, regardless of their country of residence
make inclusion big...let people feel safe to speak up. Great a good place to feel supported and get developed.
Provide more support to first line managers through resources and tools that improve efficiencies. I also recommend that various groups that interact with first line managers need to start providing supplemental resources for pull-through to employees rather than only supplying to the manager for the manager to then create pull-through with his/her team.
We are always looking for ways to make our processes more efficient; however, it comes to the point where we do need more human resources behind our day-to-day activities.  I think that structures have shrunken to the point that balancing our work and personal life is more difficult because we are simply assuming more responsibility.  We are passionate about the work we do and the difference it makes in our patient's life, and this commitment needs to be balanced with the time we dedicate to our 'personal' passions, like family, volunteering, sports.
The pandemic has obviously made things much more difficult for the Company and its leadership and that is understood.  But I think Merck should work on a working environment that promotes discussions across multiple areas.  This will bring colleagues closer together since it introduces a personal aspect to the business relationship that will be forged.  We always here from employees with many years of experience that one of the best things about Merck was the people they worked with and relationships they built along the way.   They rarely bring up the specific work events and initiatives they happen to be involved with.  That is why the Company needs to focus on its internal networking and culture amongst its employees.
Increase salary
Moving at such a fast pace - software is thrown out without proper support or training (Artis)  -   Managers don't even know how to work some of the software so they are no help if you get stuck.  Managers are so busy with meetings and phone calls that there are many times when I have to find help elsewhere like a colleague   The expectations are put forth from upper management who do not know all the day to day duties this level has.  Upper management need to keep track of all the software programs being put on to support the duties which is increasing by the hour.
I thoroughly enjoy where I work and what I do. I love my job.
Each department should have a budget line item for Administrative Professionals Education. This means courses or conferences geared towards the Administrative Professional.  There are many classes offered by Merck but none that are strictly dedicated to the Administrative Professional.  For example, a Project Management course geared towards the Administrative Professional or a particular certification.
1. Getting constructive feedback: colleagues are busy/care less to provide critical feedback.  2. too many meetings: There are meetings to plan meetings. Not sufficient time to deliver on objectives on time.  3. work life balance: it gets difficult to balance work and life in particularly if someone wish to diversify career as expectation would be to work extra 4. mentor-mentee relationships: management needs to do something to match right mentor for mentee for benefits and development of mentee, and his/her career goals.  A concentrated efforts developing on 1-4 might really benefit many individuals.
Be more realistic about timelines and resources. Enable smart and talented individuals to focus efforts to have a deep understanding of project(s) and problem(s), improve the quality of what they deliver, and be more satisfied in their career.  Being scattered across too many things (projects, tasks, initiatives) leads to issues on the programs, creates a reactive culture and may lead to issues with individual fulfillment/satisfaction of the job. Support work life balance, diverse ways of working, and build trust through leaders who lead by example.  More initiatives to help solve this may add some value, but also add workload & meetings which has added to the concerns of people in recent years.
Overall, company is doing well in sharing info and encouraging work/life balance during this hard time.
Refocus attention on first class R&D and get some better products approved.
Make working form home a full time option for non-essential workers who have shown they can perform their function following eventual return to the workplace
Quality initiatives should come from the floor, not from a global perspective where actions "may not fit" specific unit needs.  Merck needs to double down on either challenging our processes and how we work to remove roadblocks to change and free up SMEs from non-value adding work, or become comfortable with maintaining "working" systems. We can't frequently effectively cut costs and improve our process/yields at the same time.
Take swift decisive action with leaders who do not comply with the ethics and integrity of this company no matter the level.
great pipeline and strong science to work with; competitive compensation for employees
Take a leap of faith with talent. Not all the expertise is always there but if an employee has the drive, the talent, and determination, helping good employees venture into doing new things can become a strong asset. I honestly feel that in our organization, even though people go to interviews, the jobs have been assigned previously. Speaking up!
Keep hearing your emplyees
Continue to listen to and value the input of it's employees.
The changes we are making right now are important, but we need more time to implement successfully.
Learn from new ways of working brought on from the pandemic. From an employee perspective enhance and utilize remote work opportunities.  Supporting employees via tools, employee health and remote engagement needs to expand and be embedded in the culture.   From a business perspective, look at business practices that changed and continue to break barriers as to the "why's" in how we do things.  Protect the business and patients through innovative contingency planning.
Continue reviewing the salary and compensation of low levels.  Review the market and provide additional tools to the managers to attract and retain talent.  Encourage the leaders to open the boundaries to start recruitment people from other locations inside MSD.
Focus on sales numbers and not mindless metrics that only favor representatives who want to sit on a computer all day instead of moving the needle.
We constantly hear about "transformation", yet nothing seems to change. We still do everything the same way, at least in the division I work for. The worst thing right now is the lack of leadership - our executive director has been virtually non-existent for the last 18 months and is now leaving. We have a new ED, who has been here 2 weeks and we haven't heard a thing from him. It's very sad to see how disengaged our leadership is, and how little they do to engage employees and communicate meaningful news and information to us.
Continue to be lenient with the new ways of working. We've all learned and noticed that wfh is very much possible and doesn't negatively impact productivity. With that, I think it would benefit employees and the company to continue to allow a flexible work schedule where wfh is very much expected and encouraged on days where meetings are light and no lab/floor support is necessary. It would be odd to hear that we HAVE to go back to a full 5 day in-office work week without wfh flexing when the company has actively praised and commended employees for the level of output they've shown this past year wfh during a stressfull pandemic.
Currently I feel that my manager and department leaders are actively engaged in understanding my development goals and discussing ways to provide me the opportunity for growth and development of my career at Merck. They also support my family commitments and provide flexibility to manage work and life. I hope this culture continues to grow as it keeps me motivated to perform my best and contribute towards Merck's success.
Merck and MSD are already having resources and working environment to deliver on our mission. I love the way all Merck & MSD coworkers respects and working together to secure company's future and to fulfill Patients need.
Stay true to the mission of Inventing for Life, of Saving and Improving Lives. There is plenty of business opportunity in focusing on that.
Stay out of politics and focus on delivering life saving medications for health care professionals and patients.  Taking a stance on a States voter laws is purely political regardless of the arguments on both sides.  Because our CEO took one political stance, why should Merck be drug into the political fray.  Are we calling our colleagues who think ID should be required in order to vote racists?  If that is Merck’s stance, are those of us who think voter ID should be required at risk for disciplinary actions?  In this environment, how would anyone feel safe to speak up about anything.
They need to revamp some of their processes with what the latest standards are across the industry. The have us doing so much administration that data collection in not a priority.
Implement more advanced technological solution for the labour-intensive, tedious, error-prone current manual system of patient visit calculation/procedure reimbursement/payment tracking/invoice processing for clinical trial site payments
Look to their employees and recognize that we are working to much. At this moment, we are working too many hours and we are under a lot of pressure and stress. Please take care of us, as we deserve, and please STOP so many internal meetings and bureaucracy. Give us the time we need to do a good job, be creative and productive! Please!
It is inappropriate and insulting for leaders of Merck to give slanted and biased judgements of what is going on in America today. Both politics and religion are personal choices and we as employees are insulted with lectures that demonstrate a completely biased point of view that expresses extreme left and progressive views. The role of our leaders in the company is to run the company with good business acumen and always placing patients first, not to give moral lectures that are misinformed.
Continue to remove non-value add work from the system
by more flexible and reduce bureaucracy process, open minded, real new ways of working
Get rid of the "Mean Girls" (Sorority Sisters) in Upper Management in the department and place directors and exec directors that actually understand the amount of work that is being produced on a daily basis. Replace these down-right mean people with someone who cares and is willing to give credit to those that work hard instead of those that only know how to brown nose the upper level. Many of us cry on a daily basis and have dropped to such lows of depression. It's so sad to know that many of us are squashed on a daily basis by these women who claim to care about us but who would run a bus over us if we didn't watch our back.
Maintain the update meetings - it is a good way to connect - they are getting to have a nice casual feel. It might be hard once we are all back on the road. Encourage experimentation with approved projects
Merck and MSD are the best company I have ever worked for and I hope to be here many more years. It would help if there was a clear choice to be able to continue to work from home once COVID is over and returning to the workplace begins.
Consider allowing full remote working, where possible. Personally, it has been such a relief for me to be home and able to take care of personal and professional responsibilities.
Merck and MSD should continue supporting diversity and promotion among minorities
I feel the company is heading in the right direction.
Providing to the employees all the information that impact them clearly and on time.  Continue with the excellent personal support that we are receiving actually.
Help every employee to develop a carreer pathway. Help the employees to feel empowered in their jobs. To continue supporting the employees in this hard time
In my role, I need better resources so that I can provide something relevant and of value to my customers.  What my team has is very limited and doesn’t offer much to the customer.  I think if I were to leave, my replacement would not have near the access that I do and would have very limited resources of interest to them.
It would be nice if Merck continued to have a very flexible telework policy, allowing for employees to remotely work when being in the office for meetings is not necessary.
More digital work is needed in the lab spaces-too much paperwork
My work/life balance has improved for the first time in years due to the pandemic and being able to work from home (WFH) on occasion.  I am lab-based and prior to the pandemic rarely had the opportunity to WFH.  Working from home during the pandemic has shown that we do certain tasks that we do not need to be in the lab for to stay busy. I hope in the future when all employees are requested to return on-site full-time that we will still have the opportunity to WFH when certain tasks permit it.
Continue to create a more equitable place to work
Provide increased people management skill training for new, first-time managers. Provide time for group managers to truly understand the role and purpose of their overall group and individuals within the group to allow for more group cohesiveness and understanding.
Honestly take a look at employees salaries and give them adjustments to meet the industry standards. It would be great if I would get paid what I am worth.
This is a good company.  I have been impressed by the company's response to the pandemic.  As a worker in the US,  political unrest and racial injustice are forefront in my mind.  Every time Mr. Frazier spoke publicly about such issues, going all the way back Aug2017 and his decision to leave then President Trump's Manufacturing Council, I was proud to work for him.
Flexibility to work from anywhere.
Reward Overperforming employees with a promotion and adjustment of the subpar salary
From my point of view, the company is straightforward on this track. It is delivering our mission. However, an additional point to take into consideration is to keep investing in people´s education. To keep encouraging employees from outside the US, to keep grown professionally in the company. Perhaps some tuition fees for the employees in areas of interest for the company?
diversity and inclusion of different backgrounds and opinions.
One wish would be to have on-site daycare like some other facilities. It would greatly help with stress and reduce time with daily commutes and opportunities to check in during the day.
the maternity leave benefits have been great (even if I didn't get to utilize the newest ones).  I would continue to do that and to allow the flexibility that has been shown over the last year + due to covid.
Continue to further standardize and define regional vs site level roles/responsibilities.
To accelerate new ways of working implementation across business support areas, the future is now.
Merck has done more than enough in accommodating my childcare situation during this once in a century pandemic. I appreciate it. Please keep up all the good work!
Retain talent and increase onboarding efficiencies
Allow us to make the decision to get out with customers face to face
I have a big issue regarding WFH...if a dept can afford for individuals to WFH 100% why is there push back and a sense of control that you must be in the office even if its Hybrid.  There are numerous depts that do not need to be in the office and job can be done 100% remotely.
continue to reach out to the under-represented communities and build equitable compensation packages across all employees based on function
Focus on Medicine and stay out of politics.
Increase basic science training resources
Treat your employees as and asset and as human beings not just as numbers on a spreadsheet to try and figure out how to get the most work out of the fewest people.  Merck preaches community and environmental improvements but our actions show the biggest factor is MONEY!!!   Example - changing over to single use bioreactors and mixers.  This will create a large amount of plastic going to the landfill and there is little being talked about on what can be done to recycle this plastic.   When employees bring up ideas for improving work or the environment these ideas are generally put on the back burner and forgotten about until someone needs a good idea at a meeting and brings it up while taking credit for the idea.  Employees need to be rewarded for bringing up new ideas and for working together as a team.  The loud and arrogant worker/manager/director should not constantly be put ahead of the humble and quiet employee.   Nice employees and polite employees are NOT weak.
We need to be able to reduce the volume of email received.  It is a time killer and distracts me from doing my job as effectively and efficiently as possible.
Rewards and encourage to develop internal hard working talents rather than ignoring them
improve the work-personal life balance, be able to talk about mistakes without being judge or blamed on.
Review current GoAs in order to empower intermediate levels of organization. It would speed up decisions and reduce workload accumulated in specific positions.
Allow Field Sales Employees to consistently have face to face interactions with customers immediately. The week to week RAT tool requirement is a barrier to planning and maintaining a continuum with customers.
As a Manager for the Maintenance Department,  We are now dealt with handling procurement for our 3rd party vendor and suppliers.  There was no formal training on the Ariba system.  I spend countless hours on the phone to resolve issues to make sure our vendors get paid for their services.  In addition to that, they are not required to provide a copy of vendors invoice for us to reference once in the system.  It would be a huge benefit for us to have that as a requirement.  This will alleviate us to ask the vendor to provide a copy of the invoice so we can ensure that we are not being overcharge or duplicate charges being paid out.  Another tool I would like to see is a local person that we can reach on site that can address these issues for us the Managers and for our vendors as well, as lot of them are local to the area.
Consider all employees for promotions of better opportunities, especially when an employee has the skill sets and experience. It seems opportunities are filled based on personal relationships with managers and referrals from current managers to hiring managers.
I would like to see a focus on the GTT data. My functional area sends out multiple reminders for people to complete their time tracking in GTT, however, no matter how many months in a row that I work way more than the norm, nobody ever comments or asks about rebalancing workload.  Also, there is a disparity between ,my managers impression of what the contractors can manage and the time it takes to support them to get up and running versus reality, I would like to see that more carefully addressed.
allow flexibility in working arrangements
Rewiew their regional process of hiring, in my own experience I've participated in several interal job postings for Local Market/Operating positions and I never received feedback about my perfomance in the process (all of them rejections) after be communicated with the final result.  With out that feedback I don't know which steps follow to improve my opportunities areas and work to be a better participant of these hiring processes. Sometimes it feels like BSC is understimated in these processes.
Create clear guidelines and encourage work life balance  Provide tools and support to make home office comfortable and healthy  Promote healthy habits
Evaluate the salaries of personnel that have been at Merck for over a decade and were here for some of the lean years and  bring their salaries in alignment with the median salary for their level.
Be more customer focused. Listen to your representatives in the field and solicit feedback more.
Continue flexibility with working remote when site open back up.
Flexibility 500% Everyone to choose the flexibility and type of contract, if I want to work from home fully or temporarily
Leave politics out of the work place and stay focused on the work at hand.
salary, bonus, and benefits are not longer competitive with other pharmaceutical companies.  In my organization, many people leave the company to advance their careers.
Be more transparent with the cancelling of projects such as COVID related projects.
Ensure alignment on priorities and relentlessly prioritize work.  Fund, staff and support the must wins and hold people accountable to deliver on outcomes.  Build the best organization by recruiting, retaining and developing the best people.  Give them a place where they can be their authentic self and do great work.  Commit to changing our mindsets and behaviors.
start offering face to face trainings for new hires.
Make clear the steps required for advancing within organizations.  Give people more recognition and rewards for work done well or beyond expectations.  Hire more entry level positions instead of hiring contractors to do this work.  Provide more opportunities for cross-training and learning new skills.
Adapting the processes to the new ways of working. Having our processes reflecting the agility that we are trying to reach in our of ways of working.
I appreciate all that Merck has offered during the Pandemic!  I am able to work from home while attending school, paid for by Merck.  I have an office set up that imitates my office at work and I feel safe.  I don't have any complaints, only compliments to give to Merck.  I appreciate working for such a great company!
Keep treating its employees fair as it has thus far. Let the employees work, to maintain this great company at its best and keep its future bright.
Hire more employees to support work. The team feels understaff which makes it difficult to find a work and personal life balance.
More operations and support personnel need to be hired. Additionally, Merck needs to reassess the capacity and longevity of its current equipment assets to develop a better understanding of realistic target goals. In my opinion there is a disconnect between upper management and their understanding of what is actually possible on the floor in light of COVID-19 challenges, major GMP system changes, depreciating equipment, and work force morale. These are just a few of many demands that are being placed on operations personnel and it is causing employees to constantly be under pressure from task saturation, fatigue, and increased risk to human error.
Continue to stay ahead of the curve with "the future of work" - hybrid work, core hours, etc. And execute!  Sometimes thinking about something for too long eventually becomes its undoing.  I am also really enjoying/learning from the work being done here on racial injustice.  I just read a fantastic article today on a black sr. scientist here.  Let's continue to make this normalized.
Hera directly the opinion of the employees without having fear of any retaliation for being honest and each worker should be judged on the result of their own work. And when evaluating an employee, the opinion that should be most valued is those of those who work directly with the person, for example in the case of CRAs the opinion of their CRM is important but in the other way this would also be valid. CRMs should be evaluated by their CRAs and Clinical Trial Team for feedback to be fair and objective.
I feel confident that once the company is able will provide COVID-19 vaccine to its employees.
I would appreciate more transparency regarding discontinuation of programs for the people who worked on those programs. I understand that the intention may be to avoid insider training or similar activities, but it did not feel right that I found out about the discontinuation of Merck's COVID vaccine from the Wall Street Journal before I heard from the company.
Removing hierarchy and lowering barriers to new people
I think it is important to continue to heed the advice a workers as they are currently doing.
-Practice true prioritization -Re-distribute workload -Create an environment in which it is possible for employees to take time off (working 16 hours one day so that one can take off the next does not constitute as, "vacation time". -Leadership telling employees, "Take time off" while not taking any actions that allow for reasonable workload and deadlines is meaningless
Continued focus on Science and operational excellence.
Be more transparent about the future & give more opportunities to those who expressed the interest & are willing to take new challenges.
Continue to drive simplification, automation. Continue to look at business model optionality. Continue to maximize Keytruda.  Accelerate investment in data and analytics.  Build on excellence in pricing and access.  intensified engagement with healthcare ecosystem
A few suggestions/items for feedback:  - Have a clearly defined path to promotions & upward mobility in the company - Implement permanent fully remote & hybrid work policies, even after the pandemic subsides - Provide access to working equipment (monitors, keyboards, headsets, etc.) during and after the pandemic - Greater visibility into how various job functions/positions across IT impacts bottom-line revenue, P&L - Easier access to platforms, it's a very cumbersome process to get access to CIM (within HH IT) for example
Balance the workload in Oncology, the pace we are moving at is not sustainable.  Oncology information is constantly changing and would be helpful to find ways to simplify it so its easier to digest and ways to organize the information. Offer more technology tips and recorded videos for the Microsoft office suite of applications.
Continue to recruit new talent from outside but also give opportunities to long term Merck employees to grow and develop without having to leave Merck
Invest in new technology and infrastructure
Ensure compensation is competitive and benefits are competitive.
Have everyone take ownership and collaborate more
Offer more developmental and advancement opportunities for existing employees.  Also value existing/solid experience/performance for those with a desire to advance.- rather than constantly dismissing these traits, and labeling newcomers as the top talent.  There are many deserving employees that are overlooked--not by any fault of their own. All employees want to believe that there are career advancement opportunities for everyone that has the desire to continue contributing to the success of this organization.
I love working at Merck and have found it to be a very supportive and engaging workplace full of opportunities.  I do find that we are poor at prioritizing work and this negatively impacts my (and my team members) ability to balance work and professional life.
Review remuneration standards with benchmark from other companies. Now, with the new situation where probably home-based work will be more frequent or even permanent for some of us, look for understand adaption, resources that will be needed and develop a plan to assist the employees.
I appreciate the communication and the open dialogue in the company regarding Covid-19 & current events. Please continue to send out communications.
1) continue to grow inclusively 2)  Increase focus on core R&D looking 5-10-20 years out and be flexible to adapt on the fly to systematic, governmental changes along the way. 3) from #2 above, do not let Wall Street be the 'tail that wags the dog'.  Everything and every business goes through lifecycle transition; we need to be always resolute when we are in the valleys
Increase cell phone amount for Sales’ Teams.
Continue the great work Ken Frazier did.  Be more willing to spend in some areas that will provide more benefits longer term (eg hire more support for local PC Support centers - a staff of 2-4 ppl to support 600+ people across multiple sites isn't realistic - while we make it work we'd be much more productive/efficient appropriately staffed)
Merck and MSD are doing the right things, the communications to employees are open and managers take into account our opinion.  The respect for people at all levels is something I value the most.
Use data to make decisions. Use less buzzwords in executive management and rather give facts and arguments.
Focus on the company, patients, pipeline, and employees rather than using the company name & platform to push the personal political views of a few people at the top management level.  The constant push for Diversity and Inclusion is creating a new and large group of people within the company that are no longer "included" and are not allowed to be heard (white/Christian).
Ease up on the diversity and inclusion overkill.  We get it.  Please stop telling me I am racist, bigoted, homophobic, transphobic, phobic-phobic etc.  I am not, my country is not, and this company is not. If you keep shoving this stuff down our proverbial throats, we will likely become resistant to it.
Make faster decisions and improve post pandemic strategy for engagement with customers to remain relevant and provide greater value
Provide more support to the sales process. Provide timely information to enable team members to prepare proper business discussions with clients.
Continue to engage with all employees. Less D and I and more on business oriented solutions
It would help to allot time for learning and keeping up with trainings/reflection and planning every week. The amount of work has increased a lot this past year and there is too much project work to spend enough time on training to keep up with new processes, tools, reflection on best practices and other learnings that would increase efficiencies. I am working 45-50 hours in the week and usually at least 6 hours over the weekend to keep up with just project work and timelines and don't find time to work out or do anything extra much less take vacation time. Ever since the pandemic, my work-life balance has not been ideal and have lost vacation days last year- too much work usually to take anytime off! We need to change the way we work to allow for balance and it would help if the company could facilitate that.
Stop looking at Merck and MSD from a high level global perspective and begin to focus at local levels. Often when implementing policies and procedures from a global level people take on the thinking that one size fits all. However, nothing is further from the truth. Often we end up creating more "red tape".
reduce emails and meetings
Focus on innovation and employee development.
Treat people fairly.  No favouritism.  Everyone belongs.  Everyone brings value.
It is time to provide opportunities for travel and allow employees to meet each other in live settings.  It is my belief that we are missing out on opportunities to enhance scientific and personal interactions that serve as a platform for growth within this organization.  We are missing out on opportunities to generate new ideas that improve our functionality.  Further, the current environment does not support a sense of belonging as interpersonal relationships are difficult to build in a virtual setting. Overall, I believe it is time to open the office and start having in-person interactions.  It can be done safely and will work towards improving the quality of our work.
Broader wellness program, which include gym or home fitness subscription benefits for remote employees.  A prior company I worked for supported a monthly gym membership ~$40/month.    I understand there are some current benefits that can be leveraged by HQ employees but not for field employees.
Provide balanced resources and better prioritize.  It is difficult to do my job if other functional areas are not equipped or aligned.    Unrelated, to get people more excited to be in the company - Merck should consider and stock employee purchase plan.  This would incentivize people more to have a better vested input in the company.
We should continue to strive to simplify internal processes while keeping compliance, so that we physically have more time with and for customers
Improve benefit costs for employees with families.  The benefits have declined but the costs have gone up over the many years I have been at Merck.
Individual surveys should be conducted on Upper Management Directors by their direct reports to uncover issues and discover learning opportunities. Current environment is ideas and concerns are brought up but frequently met with resistance or disregarded. Thus creating a culture of limited participation.
Streamline decision making process and governance, especially across Operating Units/functions within MMD and across divisions.  Drive decisions down to the lowest applicable level.  Ensure leaders are not only talking about WOW but encouraging appropriate behaviors with actions and expectations of their teams.
I think MSD should evaluate the MRL transition of Medical Department once again and thoroughly. Turning highly educated and strategic people into only insight gathering and pipeline focused field team might have drastic consequences in the future since Medical Department were already doing these and a bunch of other valuable work before the transition.
MSD is working and greatly empowering the employees to achieve the company goals and the personal goals for the employees
Make Diversity, Equity and Inclusion a key priority to ensure psychological safety for all. Prioritize ruthlessly. Take Risks when proactively taking steps to capitalize on external trends and drivers. Enhance speed of decision making.
Increase Recognition on a wider company level
Give employees who can work remotely the option to continue to work remotely even after the covid restrictions have been lifted.  I feel it benefits both the employee and the company.
Work on employee retention and recruiting top talent.  Remove low performers or difficult employees.  Differentiate between those that get the work done and go the extra mile (i.e. don't reward mediocrity, strive higher).  Find the best solutions, not the newest or oldest ideas/technologies.
I think that middle Management need to be trained to see the importance of Diversity and Inclusion in our Business Outcomes
Set a clear path for delivering on the strategy (what and how). Connecting the now with the future. Securing the base before moving forward with new projects. Ensuring a better balance work/personal life
The company needs better accountability measures for holding people accountable. While people get accolades for delivering solutions, the shortcomings and issues of the solutions are not acknowledged and often hidden.  Leaders at Merck are afraid to make definitive decisions, even then they have the "D." Change management from the bottom up is not effective and leadership needs to own up to their role.   Leaders should make people development a priority.
It would be nice to have a human resource person on site here .
Emphasize work/life balance, diminish pressure and stress, give importance to their employees as persons, not only machines to obtain a result, listen to employees, give people more freedom to work and decide.
Merck should continue to offer good benefits and look to increase salaries.
Many of our systems (change control and quality risk assessments to name two examples) are extremely complicated processes, in which the complexity is completely unrelated to the rigor of the assessment.  We absolutely need to simplify them (without making them looser) if we truly aspire to succeed as a growth company (post organon split).
last question - balancing what i have to do at home with children schooling from home and getting work done in time for deadlines. Manager is flexible but there are just so many hours in the day to get it all done.
Have all levels of management support wellbeing with their employees and lead by example when it comes to having a work life balance. It’s difficult to even take vacation without being made to feel guilty. My direct manager is very supportive but there’s pressure from upper management to constantly work. It’s never said but that’s the spirit.
Share more about where we are going in the next few years. We all see the patent cliff coming for Keytruda. What key levers are we going to pull in order to remain strong and drive innovation for the patients? By having this long vision, people will see opportunity and growth within the company. Without this, we may start to lose talent.  Ensure all members of the company can feel their impact on the patient. Our GSF colleagues often feel disconnected from the mission of Merck because their everyday work is deep in the weeds. Leadership should strongly embody the voice of the company and help drive that passion down through the organization. I like to have a "Merck Moment" with my team at our monthly full team meeting.
Continue to value its employees and continue to work hard towards saving lives
Include CRA Managers in vision and decisions.
Merck and MSD can work to streamline processes further and improve on efficiency.
Increased sense of job security.
Update the education policy (increase $) to support colleagues in pursuing advanced degrees
I appreciate the concerted effort that the company has taken to diversity and inclusion.  I would like to continue to see us approach hiring opportunities in a way that ensures diversity in candidates.  I really appreciate that the company made changes to their hiring practices.  I have seen a lot of talented people leave because they were not able to relocate.
Strive to ensure employees have the most current and up-to-date technology to complete the Book of Business efficiently.  Continue to focus on the safety of the employees and offer benefits to ensure they have options to manage and maintain life/work balance. Continue to focus on unmet medical needs and provide transparency to employees.
Senior managers and leaders often seem disconnected from the day-to-day work that takes place. It often appears that many of them cannot explain the projects their teams are working on.
Respect, Communicate I would like to see people talk to you and not at you.  Too many meetings are being set up , but nothing gets settle majority of the time.
Work-life balance has to be supported from the top to the bottom management with adequate resources.  Under Covid pandemic, I am feeling burnout constantly due to overtime and no boundary between work and life.    Hiring contractors to do the job for my functional group is counter productive for the long term future due to contractors' turnover rate and hiring/training cost including time to spend on it.
Listen more to employees by way of engaging more with them and following up on their concerns.   Provide an opportunity for advancement to qualified employees regardless if they have an advanced degree or not.  Real World Experience/Performance should account for something.  More transparency around Year End Performance Reviews and compensation.  It appears to just be an exercise.  Build more trust within organizations
Be willing to innovate and take some risk Allow each organization within the company to feel strongly how they are adding value to Merck overall Walk the talk Defining if we are more a US focused or a real global embracing organization Continue bridging silos
allow work from home for more employees on a permanent basis and not just during the pandemic
Organization should find a way to make the mostly theoretical work-life balance balance to a practical one. There is a constant leadership encouragement to take days off to minimize burnout and stress. However, the amount of project and work requirements that need to be completed will not allow for that to occur and even when you take a day off, one chooses to lessen the eventual load by checking in to the system and doing some work.
Make it easier to convert good contractors to Merck employees.  We have two excellent resources that we may lose because hiring them outright is not a huge savings, but losing their talent will result in hidden costs as we try to train new contractors to know what these folks know.  They bring years of experience and knowledge that is not readily available 'on the street'.  I understand we don't want to just convert anyone we don't want to lose, but converting someone who would be a benefit to Merck for years to come makes sense, even when it's not a black and white dollar savings.
Ramp up efforts to cut through silos, simplify governance structures.
Need less politics pushed at us. Trust your salesforce. More communication to ensure we don't learn from our distributors calling to ask us what's going on and we have no idea. I get Diversity and inclusion, but right now being a middle aged white male seems to be a negative.. I worked my tail off to get into Animal Health because that's where I wanted to be. Merck is where I wanted to be!!! I am glad I am here and have worked diligently to meet or beat my sales quotas. I used to get comments from customers that they don't ever see sales reps until I started coming around. Now I get asked if I am ever going to come see them. I have been red and unable to see customers. Time to get back to bringing value and attention to our customers!!!
Need to do a better job of hiring recent (1-5 yr) college graduates.  We are running so lean hat when we get headcount approved, folks typically want to hire someone with experience vs taking the time to train someone new, so the average age of our population is skewed to the older side. We need more entry level positions to better enable recent graduates who bring a whole new perspective.
- Faster in decision making  - Take more risks
Merck hiring managers should hire new employees that add to, not detract from, our spirit and motivation.   Simple politeness is hard to find among newer employees in my work area.
Provide more opportunities for "in position" career advancement and promotion.  Perceived lack of "in position" opportunities leads to people changing positions, moving within the company or leaving, for career advancement and promotion.
teach people to not be defensive when another point of view is brought up or make comments when people dont do things right first time or the first time they are trained
Maintaining a genuinely flexible work environment when things resume to normal. It will be great to see people in person again but it is also nice to have the flexibility to work remotely on a regular basis without unspoken pressure or judgement.
To give more tools to those who are working at home due to Covid 19 pandemic in order to comply with the company requirements and in order also to keep our teams motivated
Remember that our company is nothing without our employees.  Our employees need to feel valued and respected and need appropriate facilities to do their work and to collaborate with teams.  If we cut corners to save a few pennies and in so doing destroy our culture and drive out our valuable employees that will be tragic.
I think in theory Merck and MSD leaders say all the right things.  They emphasize the importance of balance and taking time away....however, the work load and project timelines merely don't allow us to heed the advice of the leaders.  Bandwidth is super stretched, deliverable timelines are aggressive, and in order to meet expectations you have to work long hours.  Just saying its important isn't enough....ensuring there are ample resources and project teams are creating a culture of balance is where the difference will be felt.
Less processes and approvals and documentation around everything, more trust people
To relieve on time and workload, we need more support on project management. Most CORE VEST leads have to spend a lot of time initiating/managing contracts and budget of multiple studies by their own.
Include sales in development of marketing resources, strategy etc.  Sales and marketing still work in silos after all these years.
flexible work environment (working from home vs office). Hub in NYC. working remote for a certain period of time, so you can go to another country or in my case, visit family.
Stay a leader. Trust employees more. Comparable pay to the market value
Employee retention.
We could do a better job fielding different views and opinions and encouraging such candor in my assessment. We could also do a much better job promoting and retaining current talent. Along the same lines, a better job at providing professional development opportunities.
Take politics and religion out of our conversations
HAve a global vision on terms of felxibility, not all the innitiatives apply to different countries.
I think it would help a lot to have a conversation about what happens once the Organon people are fully separated in 5 weeks.  Some teams are going to have resource gaps, which we've sort of talked about but not specific to each team.  Filter those conversations down into the lower levels, where it's concrete for individual contributors.  Then we can address the "how do I do more with less" that will show up.  Some teams will be affected by TSA's and haven't internalized that.  This is a good time to start those discussions as well.  Manage the change before it becomes a question or rumor.
Generate empathy with employees and identify workloads, given the number of employees there are, it is not the same inside as outside the US.
Continue to support diversity in the workplace and streamline process to get things done faster to support customers and patients
The company should stay away from politics.  The company should also promote more their internal talent rather than looking outside for talent and expertise...
better employee incentives and promotion programs
Stay out of politics, stop research, be smarter in purchasing companies with med to develop
Decrease the amount of meetings so I can do my job
I have heard leaders and executive say many times over the last several years that a skilled and diverse workforce is indeed the most important resource it has as it has as it pertains to delivering on its mission and promise.  Assuming those words are sincere, and I believe them to be, it would only stand to reason that retaining our best talent should truly be a top priority.  I love this company, and have been and always will be extremely appreciative of the opportunity it has afforded me to be a part of life changing work that is bigger than myself or any one person.  When I first started with Merck almost 20 years ago now, I remember hearing that stock options and grants were intended solely to encourage long term retention of top employees by providing a small piece of ownership in the company’s long term success and providing a carrot, if you will, to remain with the company.  I know it was something I always appreciated.  Respectfully ask for this to be strongly reconsidered.
Merck should continue to allow more flexibility on working from home to balance work and home responsibilities after the Pandemic.
Increase the quality of our medical benefits package.  It costs me $110 to take my child to see our primary care pediatrician for a sick visit.  This is the cost just to be seen by the doctor, if the doctor has to perform any work or tests the cost increases.
manage our growth carefully!  We are part of a very important evolution in cancer care but need to manage how we evolve as thoughtfully as possible. Exciting future!
Implement action to be real the idea of work-life balance
provide more resources to balance work - life balance
be focus  on people management- compensations
My biggest concern as a Merck employee is job security. It seems reorganization is constantly taking place, and the idea of being left without a chair when the music stops is a constant concern.
Ensure people stay in the job functions longer than 1 year so that there is stability in areas.
When we make an acquisition or engage in a collaboration we do a poor job of integrating it into the current Merck world.  There is no dedicated team that handles these deals, and it is very inefficient.  We spend an inordinate amount of time trying to figure out the transaction and how to account for it.  It is frustrating and takes away from regular work.  While I understand the business need for the acquisitions, we are not adept at bringing it in to the Merck financial reporting world.
Be humble, keep it simple, focus on the mission, stay out of things that do not pertain to pharmaceuticals.
Keep working on the career path of the employees, providing more trainings, projects, short terms assigments to make people feels included, part of the company growing.  Even more conversations about it with the managers.   Evaluate the managers for them to work in their grow opportunities will be a good way also to hear people's voice.
Continued support of their employees during these most unusual times.
continue in the mode of community spirit -
Continue to drive WoW..we have work to do, to make this foundational behavior of the company. We have a isk with all of the changes to move away from collaboration, perfection over  speed and agility
Increase representative salary and make then feel valuable
Continue to support your employees and give them the flexibility needed in this new world of working.  Spread WoW to all departments so teams are more open minded to new approaches and ideas.  Continue to look for ways to innovate from our customer's perspective.   Proactively address and dialogue against "big pharma" negative discussions to highlight all of the  great work we are doing so we don't need to feel like we are on defense all the time. We need to reshape that discussion.
Focus on ensuring employees have a good work/life balance even with WFH; change focus away from competition and more onto collaboration; remove the bureaucratic barriers around doing work; provide scientist with adequate resources to do their non-science-based tasks including getting dedicated help staff
Provide more opportunities for personal development Reduce big bureaucracy and make procedures more agile Try to avoid that everything is focused around Keytruda, empowering the rest of TAs
Continue to push for experimentation and innovation. Additionally, MMD should focus on integrating diversity and inclusion practices in our work culture, much like safe by choice has been integrated into our work culture.
Expand the support for Remote Worker authorization and actively support making the employees home environment for work as Ergonomically safe as the on-site offices. In the course of the COVID pandemic, we have struggled to make do without being able to purchase proper chairs, desks, etc. I have laid out over $500 in order to have a standing desk and office chair.  While my work location is officially RY, I have only been to the office twice in over a year now.
diminish administrative/repetitive work to have more focus on essential tasks consider more job sharing also allowing part time workers personal development and amplifying horizon
Merck leadership should stay out of current events, cultural & political issues - rather than alienate employees with "woke" emails. These have nothing to do with our actual work but rather cause discord/division (which is counter productive).  This year I received an email from the president of Merck that publicly insulted the sitting president of the United States. I also received several emails sent to MRL basically "virtue signaling" regarding racial concerns in the recent news. These emails may represent a major faction, but not a majority, of the workforce. Yet, they convey an intimidating message (mimicking current social media) that "we (our side) are in charge."  Apart from this survey, who can dare disagree if their job or career at stake?  IMO, it is up to Merck leadership to have the backbone to stand up to "PC" mob intimidation.  Merck leadership should reiterate our HR dept and code of conduct is sufficient & infractions will be disciplined (as has always been the case).
Even though MSD works closely with HR to ensure that everyone is doing great by promoting a well work/life balance, it is important to acknowledge there are times that it is extremely difficult to keep up with everything. We do know that our work is well perceived and valued, but sometimes it is important to know that what we are sacrificing is time with our loved ones and even some time to improve ourselves. And even when we get recognized by all the effort we put into achieving things, there are times where we still feel like we've lost time with people we love and that these moments might not come back later. Having said that, I think it is important to pay closer attention to how Merck can contribute to a Work-Life Balance better, this means, that it is not only the responsibility of the employee to keep up, but also that Managers learn to prioritize so their team does not burnout.
Financial Compensation, and more flexible work environments for those who are applicable
Focus on simplification before trimming head-count.
After a year of pandemic life, Merck still seems to fall short on innovation when it comes to customer engagement. We are faced with barriers to our interactions, our communication tools are either old or non-existent, our work life balance is constrained by meeting fatigue. Merck has to step up to the challenge - perhaps partner with an innovation company to help us see things in a different light. Merck should be a leader for this new way of working in the pharma industry. I think it's possible.
I believe that Merck is deploying the right effort to  make and maintain what makes this company a great place to  work.  I  believe that Merck should continue to  find ways to improve and seek feedback  from employees on area that may require improvement.
I believe that Merck should always be transparent when communicating with employees. Clear communication of goals, and understanding of challenges should always be conveyed to everyone. I'm glad that Merck embraces diversity and inclusion.
Acknowledge the additional skill sets required to set the area up for success as we role out digital technology solutions and ensure the additional work load the hybrid solutions brings is being accounted for rather than driving to cut resources and increase the stress experienced by the end users.
I can't think of anything, Merck is already a great place to work.
Take into consideration all we've learned during the Pandemic. We wasted so much time and money on unnecessary  travel. We need to look closer at what meetings can be done virtual vs in person.
Investment on employee development, Opportunity on career movements, improvement on managerial skills; limited opps on vertical movement/promotion, boundaries/bias on division change (eg. GHH to MMD or MRL), limited opps on people management experience in positions; complex on levels such as Directors report to AVPs so no executive director level available or Ass.Directors report to Exec.Dir/AVP.
Need to compensate (pay) employees in quality better.  Operations and technology are compensated much better than quality which encourages people in quality to move to other departments or other companies who compensate quality more appropriately.   As an employee who has been with the company for 18 years I must say that compensation for people who have been with the company for more than five years fall way behind in compensation.  I was a people manager hiring new employees directly from college and employees with some years of experience.  I know for a fact that there are people at my same level who joined the company with 10 less years of experience than me and at the same level are making a significantly more than me simply because they came to Merck from another company.   As of right now I am feeling that I need to leave the company in order to get paid at the same level as colleagues at other companies who have less years of experience than me in lower level positions than me.
From my perspective the compensation is very low compare to other companies on the market. We are loosing people in our team and we are not able to hire any senior people even though we are looking for 2 seniors for more than a year.
walk the talk. execute the plans and actions. challenge the status quo. as an organization we are lacking of taking giant step across innovations. incentive those innovation plan which failure. reduce the amount of meeting, focus more on execution and share best practices.
Merck under Ken Frazier is a place I am proud to work
Update the field on longevity of products and the importance of each business unit for years to come
Take more risks in new areas of research (mRNA vaccines for example)
We need better employee empowerment at all levels. This is were people feel their input matters and they have input into decisions. Inclusive behaviors need to be modeled at multiple layers of the organization. I want to make sure my voice is heard and I do not have to cover or pretend so that I can bring my authentic self to work.
I enjoy my work and plan to retire from Merck. I would like more career development guidance and leadership from within my department. I am fortunately able to find resources on my own through networking.  And I am encouraging others to stay connected in this virtual WFH world by having more video chats, connecting personally as well as professionally.
To provide remote working opportunities for the employees who can work from home.
Keeping the standard of clear transparency
Remote working 'here to stay' Eliminate requirement to be at HQ for certain positions - new way working was proven to work during acute COVID / open up ability to recruit best candidate anywhere Reduce redundant training offerings to leaders and managers based on social issues e.g., Corporate, MRL, Functional, Sub-Functional
take into consideration other peoples ideas and thoughts on making decisions. An average employee may have great ideas about something , but sometimes never heard
Move from words to actions. I want to see the vision for Merck and MSD's mission and culture come to life.
Invest in more oncology products
Balance the number of priorities running all at the same time
Continue to higher more diverse people with different perspectives. I.e., the younger generation that you can train and develop vs. hiring people who already know what they're doing. Pay higher salaries compared to our competitors. Merck is notorious for underpaying and the outcome is simple - we lose good talent.
Merck has a strong Extroversion bias. Introverts need to feel they can still succeed at Merck rather than trying to portray extroversion in order to be recognized. Merck should incorporate the extroversion bias in unconscious bias training.
Put limits on leadership roles / tenure in positions at the Director and above level.  Also steps to put in place a zero tolerance policy for: bullying, aggressive behaviors, confrontational individuals who engage in gossip, negative individuals especially at the leadership level.  The zero tolerance = immediate termination upon review (after some sort of warning protocol etc of course).  HR and executive leadership should take action and move these individuals out of leadership roles or out of the organization.  The behaviors above are not acceptable and can't be dismissed as individual A is just passionate or individual B is just wired that way and are competitive that's all.    Many are petrified to speak up re the leadership issues and it is sad... the company performance and employee satisfaction is at risk when these leaders are permitted to behave in the manner that they do.  The sad part is no one speaks up as they are in fear of retaliation.  Therefore it makes the few that do speak up appear to be
The plans for return to work seem to be moving to a full open-office concept, where individual employees have no assigned space.  This is not likely to be a positive working environment for all employees, but rather is a "one-size fits all" approach that will likely reduce employee willingness to spend time in the office as well as decrease engagement and (ironically) undermine collaboration.
Give more opportunities for employees development and  promotions.
I knowMerck needs to give their sales reps more of a stake in the company to compete such as stock options.  More of a motivator and provides reps with the feeling that they are valued.
clearly communicate strategy for internal R&D efforts in the early discovery space
More emphasis of support for mental health issues. Create more awareness of other jobs/roles within the company.
Put the cancer centers first.  Use Compliance as a resource and not an obstacle to helping providers help patients.
1)  Ensure that the work we are doing is RELEVANT to the mission, and not just pushing puzzle pieces to the next open space. 2)  Too much use of cc: field of e-mail in hopes that the other person will do the work, independent that the other person or team isn't the right one anyway. 3)  We used to have a rule that said "3 ping-pong's on an e-mail was the max. permissible" and then a phone call or other "in person" communications was mandatory to resolve the topic.   Sadly, we see 20+ pings and pongs and nothing gets done by the right person.  Too many distribution lists are used, or non-person mail accounts that represent black holes or dead-mailboxes. 4)   Bring back ITOM v.2 - "Get me involved, get me involved early."   What happened to this?   Bringing "me" in at the last moment can't be tolerated any more.
Create more opportunities for informal interactions, which would make this feel like a more inclusive company
Provide accurate resources for the new hybrid environment we’re working in. Be upfront about changes taking place in the company.
Allow leadership to strategize and not manage tactically.
Improve IT services and solutions within MRL. This is a barrier to efficient utilization of time and energy towards the accomplishment of our objectives. It also increases stress on our workforce.
1) Continue to encourage diversity,  2) be more open to challenging the status quo in the ways of doing things: try to look for solutions that enable us to innovate and foster the business with common sense compliance.. sometimes it seems we are resistant to changing the ways we have always done things.
As a new employee, I don’t have any recommendations at this time.
continue to foster an environment where team members feel inclined to not only share new ideas and solutions but are given the support and buy in from  management/department to act on those ideas and solutions. This idea supports our ways of working framework.
allow everyone union and non union to be able to take advantage of remote working once we are back to the office
The true ability to speak up and be heard and to have the company support you
Establish level-skipping conversations as a common practice to allow for escalation beyond immediate management to highlight potential issues or compliance concerns being overlooked or ignored. These conversations should go beyond a single-level skip to allow for reporting without fear of retaliation from management within one's direct reporting structure.
Bombarded with communications that have no relevance to daily work. Company needs to be more choiceful. The bureaucratic burden of doing simple things is too burdensome and stifles innovation. The culture of fear drives people to be super cautious, and something that could be accomplished in 1 step takes 100 because common sense is not  being used.  The pulse survey has out lived its usefulness. There is a tendency at Merck to take a good idea, and repeat it until all the value is squeezed out of it.   Global and US functions should be consolidated. It's nonsensical that Global keeps expanding and hiring people without a clear vision of the specific work these people will be doing.  Doesn't make any sense if company is being managed holistically and not in silos.
It could show support of union admins by paying them appropriately and treating them like valuable employees.
As we come out of the pandemic, there will be some major shifts in our ways of working again.  We're currently at a point, where the virtual calls and workload is overwhelming.  The work from home situation leads to the belief that everyone is always available.  It's increasingly hard to do actual work with always being on a call.  There needs to be a focus to break this cycle moving out of the pandemic and letting people do their work.
Listen to feedback from frontline on the floor workers.
- For personnel working from home, ask if they have all  the resources to perform the job.  - Increase measures to avoid COVID infections within the sites.  - Foster inclusive environment. Free from bullying
Continue providing resources for those new to roles or even growing in their roles. Something such as classes on various processes, tactics, etc. would help anyone round out their job and allow them to be the best!
Increase speed to make decisions, remove all  the layers, and be clear on who has the decision rights.
I feel the company really puts in the efforts and I truly appreciate it.
Make decisions and move with the appropriate speed.  Our manager has promised resource changes to balance workload and no changes have been made >6 months with no changes on the horizon either.  We are being killed with overload of work and no end in sight, other than changing roles which is not the correct solution.
Throw MPS and Toyota-type models out the window. This system ensures we run hand to mouth and any unforeseen event results in failure to our products on time.
Establish innovative technologies in our pipeline, e.g. cell & gene therapies, new modalities. A bold change in our pipeline would help drive innovation and inspire talent to choose Merck over other companies.
Prioritize! If it is determined that a program needs to be accelerated, then be very clear which programs or activities will be slowed or stopped to free up personnel to support the accelerated program. Ensure that employees are aware of which committee or council or entity makes these types of decisions and that these decisions are communicated clearly and consistently to all departments and stakeholders.
- Revamp communication practices, transparency & silo-ing. We've made a lot of progress but there's an enormous way to go. - Develop stronger talent retention plans, beyond conventional in-line promotions
I have nothing to add at this time.
Concentrate on our core business.  Make good business decisions. Stay out of the political theater.
I think it is a great place to work. What I would suggest is to have more fluid communications to be aware of what is happening at the company.
Merck needs to increase effort in the form of resources and leadership support to achieve the diversity objectives that have been outlined.   Merck needs to take a stronger position on social topics in order to remain a desirable workplace for young people
Let people work where they want to and evaluate based on their contributions
Make sure that those who speak up are not retaliated against. I know of a very talented (and diverse) person who was retaliated against, and that person recently left the company. A HUGE loss for Merck. Also, make sure that people with the right management skill sets are in upper management jobs. I know of an AVP who doesn't keep confidential information to herself and does not display Merck leadership principles. Disheartening.
Merck is great place to work. The culture is really awesome.
Empower employees to make responsible choices.
Invest more in IT and systems that are compatible to each other as well as flexible to meet our unique needs.  This is one area that hinders us to be able to work efficiently.
Continue to look for ways to increase capacity, improve order accuracy and improve timely delivery of product to our customers.
Balance some of the work required from specific team members
1) Primary focus on keeping the company profitable so we have job security 2) Continuing to stress and live into the flexibility in working.  Ideally this means remote unless otherwise needed.  But that doesnt mean always connected.   3) As we start to get back to normal, but maybe not ready to get back to the office full time - maybe there is some more expectations around how teams can meet offsite - especially those that started or changed roles during lockdown.
Help all levels of the organization understand what the primary company areas of focus are, in light of the many changes around the Organon spin-off, COVID program changes, and support of the Keytruda franchise.
Continue to work on transparency in senior management decision making that impacts regular employees
Provide clarity on the vision of the company and the companies it acquires. Too much disconnect between regional, national and global communications.
Really look at the way we do work - can we be more efficient?  When developing new IT systems...can we find a way to make them actually responsive to the end-user (rather than just working well for the IT developer)?  Can we focus on something other than speed?
Continue to work the interface between R&D and manufacturing- still some work to be done here, though it continues to improve.
Please continue to prioritize the "affordability" of our products.  We need to be challenged to deliver on these 3 things: Quality/Compliance, Low Cost, and Short Lead-time.  All 3 at the same time, not just 1 or 2.
too much work, not enough people.
Continue focusing on employees' well-being. It has been an incredibly challenging year for everyone, and just knowing that Merck is providing resources for us and our mental health, is very rewarding.
Clearer message on where we are heading to.
Too many middle management. CTLs have only 9-11 reps reporting to them which is closing down offices to CTRs. Access is not great with our external customers and CTLs are working in the field every 10 days with the same rep. Offices are pushing back and closing doors based on CTL field visits.    Merck needs to promote our company to hospitals, residencies, and large medical systems to show the benefit our products and services bring to health care providers and patients. HCPs are trained to be anti-pharma and anti-rep before they ever begin their careers.
Continue to embrace diverse perspectives and incorporate them into the future vision of Merck as a health/wellness company.
Move away from the open office concept. That is a big step back for us.
Communication has improved as well as communication, ways of giving feedback and using it to improve can be worked as sometimes things are said but no actions or improvements are made
From my lens, working at an MMD AH site, the resources, systems, technologies, etc. are lacking.  I feel confident that there is visibility around this which will hopefully bring improvements.
Get back to sales, the well being of patients and how we contribute to health solutions. I feel like our company has become too political that makes me feel uncomfortable.
We know you are working diligently on this, but our Equine Team would love to continue to see new product coming down the pipeline
Nothing they are doing a good job on hiring a diverse workforce and it's a great place to work.
Provide more opportunities for individual growth through the company. Invest more in employee professional development (outside of assigning MyLearning assignments). More personal interaction between upper management and on-the-floor employees.
Keep the flexibility of working,  a blended remote/office model has worked really well for the past 13 months. I hope this continues as we return to the new normal to help colleagues who choose to live outside London.
in the BSC, San Jose Costa Rica, specifically in OTC it would be nice if there would be more opportunities to grow..  for example: More positions to apply, new roles, new assignments and projects.  also in general it would be nice to create a program and online classes for people that wants to learn a new language
Respects personal time off, give tools such as "Friday free of meetings"
Continue company focus on diversity and inclusion in order to foster a healthy and balanced work environment.
Immediately adapt practices to recruit, support, and promote people identifying as belonging to an underrepresented minority group.
IT infrastructure lags behind the industry
Become more adaptable to a changing environment Dissolve the MRL/MMD interface.  Become one Merck at the leadership level to drive change within the organization.
Better raises to help the average family make it along a little easier.
let the best idea win
Let plants manage their own headcount. Let local leadership make better decisions on whether we can commit people to "extra" projects that we don't have time for. Give us more MPS support. There's no follow up for sustaining improvements. We need more people and resources. It's too stressful all the time.
keep improving alternatives resources to perform our activities during this times
There has been good progress made in terms of cultural change to become more agile, and this must continue. However, there has been no progress on managing employee workload/stress/burnout. In fact, it is moving in the wrong direction. There are only 2 main ways to do this - hire more people or do less work. Senior leadership should take drastic measures, like BMS did in the area of meetings, to achieve real change and address these urgent problems.
To help new hires to understand new ways of working and develop team capabilities
1. Improve the process and success for our customers to access compassionate drug for their patients, so Merck can be seen as a true partner
I think we should communicate how this data is being used to influence change.  Leaders should continue to role model flex for success, and share how they are creating balance in their lives.  We should remove barriers to personal development, role modeling time taken to learn new skills. Continue emphasis on being people first More generous vacation time
Staying tuned to ever changing climate in external factors (eg Covid, physical and mental health of of employees and external factors that shape us.)
Please have senior leadership follow through on their support of a flexible work schedule and ensure that management follows through on that model.  Just becasue one works remotely, does not mean that they are not focused on continuing to bring value and getting a lot of meaning from their work.  Not everyone wants the distraction of being in the office.
more availability of stock options/grant eligibility at AD level
Merck should get back to focusing on moving new innovative products to market and stop getting into half baked ideas that don’t align with our core business and don’t make profit because there are already key players in place that do have those things as their core business.   Stop being such a “touch feely” company where success is measured by how happy and woke everyone is instead of how competent they are and how efficient the business is performing.  If Merck is happy and woke while our competitors are efficient, innovative and adaptable, that is not a successful business model.  Example:  We are an extremely woke diverse company that could not make a successful m/RNA Covid vaccine even though we have owned an m/RNA platform for years.
Merck should take talent retention very seriously and show that they value all the work put in by their employees. Otherwise a great company like Merck will be in great trouble as all the trained and seasoned stalwarts will use the valuable training and experience gained at Merck for the success of their competitors as more and more people will leave Merck to join BMS, Novartis, Pfizer, Jaansen, etc.
Keep hiring great people, although we should expand the places that we look for candidates to increase diversity within the candidate pool.  Train and encourage folks to focus on the key experiments/business activities that drive results.  Have the courage to discontinue efforts that aren't promising.  Have the courage to start new ones and drive to Go/NoGo results quickly.
On a company-wide basis - we have a change of CEO coming up, and it is important that we continue the current practice of doing as much as possible of our own development and scientific work in house. Merck also needs to be bolder in selecting and pursuing targets early as well as in dropping projects that are irretrievably behind the competion. It still sometimes feels as if Merck is unwilling to pursue targets until they have been validated by widespread interests from competitors.
Ensure alignment across and hold accountable our entire workforce to our mission of delivering drugs to patients and aspirations towards a diverse and fully inclusive environment.  I see many individuals that either are not proactive in driving us to be better.
I think Merck tries to be as bottom up as it can be but some departments operate in a very top down hierarchy. As someone with less experience (academic and work experience) it feels like it's really difficult to have my voice heard at times. I feel that people aren't always open to others' suggestions and it can be frustrating. Failure is a part of innovation and we have to be more open to entertaining different ideas and not defaulting to the same experts for our problems. I love working at Merck but have found it difficult at times to speak up because I feel like someone more senior to me will disagree, or I will be "wrong" about something and feel embarrassed.
Put tools in place to improve efficiency as a means to increase production and profits.
Diversity and Inclusion is a focus area this year, which leads me to believe we're headed in the right direction.  While the company is diverse in number, there are few under-represented minorities in leadership positions. The responses to this survey are a better reflection of the current state versus 2 years ago.  The culture and level of support has improved.  Process development and maintenance still requires enhancement (as noted in the above responses).
Continue on the path set to put our people first. Don't be in a rush while things are still uncertain to open offices and loosen up restrictions too much. Invest in leadership development that enables all leaders to have safe, trusting environments for their teams to have open, candid conversations without fear. Use the tools available for better development conversations (Workday, LinkedIn Learning, etc), and hold Managers accountable for these conversations (set expectations). Spend more time in strategy and planning mode vs rushing to delivery.
First off I truly feel that Merck is and always has been one of the best companies to work for in respect to all the diversity and racial concerns that are being put forth lately with the worldly situation. I find it interesting that there is anything more than what Merck already does today that can make it better as it already is in a class of it's own.
Identify waste in the company before squeezing budget for projects that may add value.
working 4 days about 10 hours, and rest 3 days
Provide a way for customers to receive discounts on our products for high volume purchases.
Continue to empower all employees to enhance their Ways of Working; act on new policies in effect.
Stay committed to actionable and measure D&I.  Continue to support a robust pipeline to include outside of oncology.  Look for ways to stay nimble.
Halt contributions to politicians who are suppressing people's right to vote, who supported the insurrection on 1/6 and who continue to try to pass anti-transgender policies.  I believe it does not set a strong example to focus on diversity and inclusion as a company while contributing money to politicians who are doing everything in their power to make life more difficult for black, brown, Asian, Indigenous and transgender people.
Continue to be fair to everyone regardless of who they are or where they come from.
Nothing, I am completely satisfied with everything at Merck.
Reign in non-value added dictates and requirements from compliance groups that are completely out-of-touch with how work happens on the floor.  Eliminate PtP and HR self-management models which have turned highly valued managers and technical personnel into clerks who spend large amounts of time struggling with systems, executing transactions, resolving invoicing issues with suppliers, trying to resolve inaccurate pay of their subordinates, etc.
We continue to struggle with simple digital solutions - while we continue to implement new IT systems, the pace of change is fast and the solutions seem to be designed for the benefit of the administrators rather than the end users.   Vaccines Quality has undergone tremendous change over the last year and the stress level remains very high.  While I really like my direct manager and my peers, I feel less optimistic about the direction we are headed as a global and regional quality organization - I feel that our senior leaders may be too out of touch with the work being done.
To incentive the balance between the personal life and work.
We need to level the playing field when it comes to digital and data solution.  We work to slow.  Funding is already allocated months in advance of a project leaving no room for innovations that come from the business and need support/funding.  Our digital/data funding needs to be more agile, more room for POC work that comes from the business.  Sometimes a solution seems out of date by the time we implement.  We do work agilely, that is true, but funding is NOT.  We have too many BI self-serve platforms, it is wasteful.  We should choose one and move on.  Not to mention confusing for the business in terms of which one to use/choose when it does not really matter most of the time.  Research shows that having an innovative company means you level the hierarchy and make decisions locally rather than at high levels.  Give control of funding to lower levels and see how this works. Do an experiment.  Provide local P4/P5 digital/data leads funding to use the money they see fit for POCs
More work life balance (no working on weekends and not being affraid of taking vacation because the work piles up) More resources for technical/admin aspect of the job
Supportive feedback and supportive positive communication knowing we can count on our leadership and management team
Continue to balance leadership in key roles by balancing experience with with more diverse backgrounds because it fosters faster change.   Sometimes the phrase "because this is how we have always done it" is too easy an out for change.
There is encouragement to use time off, but how can this be accomplished for those in external network without any back up?  There needs to be some recognition of this as it is unmanageable to never have ability to step away for a day without disconnecting.  Better training - procedures are too complex and there are too many.  Challenging to navigate to know which to follow and when, making it easy to miss steps.  Examples being change control, deviations.
Merck has been at the forefront of innovation and let's hope that with COVID treatment we will maintain this position. Merck vaccine development effort highlights that perhaps this is an area where we need more innovation and openness to new technologies.
It is important to look for the people needs, and try to balance the stress from the routine. I am confidente that Cruzeiro is aligned to the business and costumer expectation, and the Board Direction is always demonstrating the correct way to keep delivering good results. The local climate is good, there is a real partnership between the areas and we are doing well in the WoW concepts. We have good talented employees and they undertand that our mission is to save and improve lifes.
Diversity more and more  Give every one a chance to show hismself well and show his capabilities
I think it would be great to see increased collaboration between the divisions or at least more communication of all divisional priorities/accomplishments.
I work on WMAs in oncology and our timelines for these submissions keep getting shorter and shorter, sometimes without clear rationale why we need to be faster. Current timelines compromise work/life balance and submission document integrity. Authors and reviewers are stressed. And it does not feel like concerns are heard in advance during the planning stages of our submissions about the at-risk nature of these timelines. Similarly, protocol authoring timelines in oncology are often not per SOP and requested faster than the process calls for, again putting the quality of the document at risk, creating susceptibility for amendment, and compromising work/life balance creating sometimes unnecessary stresses. Not every study protocol has the urgency as say a SARS-COV-2 study during a pandemic would call for. Better prioritization or assessment of urgent business need would be a significant improvement over the current direction of our timelines.
Truly live up to what we keep speaking about - stop work that is not critical and aligned to our priorities. We still have a lot of extra work and processes going on that we could simply stop and drive more focus
Reduce process constraints by simplifying them.
I think it was an eye-opener to management that employees can actually work-from-home and get things done. I hope that once pandemic lockdowns have been lifted, that managers do not revert back to requiring people to be on-site every day of the work week. The number of days an employee should work from home should be decided based on whether or not they need to be in the office to get their job done.
The pay increases when you move around within Merck are subpar.  We are paid less than most of our competitors
Stop allowing the political/social environment to drive our actions and focus.  Allow our customers and patients to drive our actions and focus.  I am not allowed to speak up without ridicule.
I receive alot of feedback that the current progression promotion is not competitive with our peer companies.  In the days of LinkedIn early career individuals see their peers getting multiple promotions even if small.  With Merck's flat structure and low yearly promotion percentage, a promotions are less often and of a longer duration then our competitors.  We are losing good people over this.
Just keep making good decisions.  I think we are doing a fabulous job.
Better connection between different platforms
Sometimes I feel like the only priority is diversity inclusion and support to LGTB
the company has been working on diversity and inclusion....  see how the company's culture will change in the next 3-5 yrs.   right now, the company has a great portfolio and has bright future.  we should see how the pipeline portfolio will changes and evolve, which translate to the stability of the company.
MPS foundations should be emphasized in the way we do work. We often work on projects without a clear sponsorship spine and the change agent role is rarely formalized.
We need to aggressively change for the post-Organon world.  Let's really move HR off of a meeting and email culture and into collaboration and teams - inject energy into our work together.
Continuing to make employees feel empowered and trusted.    One recent example where this may not have taken place is the removal of GIFs from communicating.     GIFs were a great way to build togetherness in this remote work environment so to remove them based on a fear of how they may be used did not seem to reflect trust in employees.
I feel very busy and while part of this is the workload, another part is all the extra administrative and tracking activities I must engage in. I feel like new requirements meant to help processes and efficiency come through too often. Too much time is spent engaging and learning these only for them to become out of fashion or obsolete.
I was sad when CEO announced they were leaving.
The Bias modules were a good start. I would like to see the impact they have going forward.
Utilize more small rewards for a job well done (even if it is in "your job description"). Foster more collaboration and connections across areas and departments Help employees more clearly understand their future path at Merck
Increase efficiency in digital tools.
Recognize and promote the workers that get things done!  They may not be the loudest voice in the room, or the strongest at managing up...these are the people you and their stakeholders rely on for questions and help.
Merck in SSF does not offer the financial security necessary to live in the Bay Area.  Although it is stated that salary is comparable to other pharmaceutical companies, SSF needs to be treated differently.  The turnover of amazing scientists is overwhelming!!!
Once safe, get back to normal and foster a culture of live collaboration.
Be more progressive! I understand that the liability is very high in our case, however, we are extremely conservative.
A great thing Merck and MSD has is People Development. It is something that differentiates us from other companies. Keep developing the workforce.
Nothing comes to mind.
I believe to foster a true team-like spirit and mentality, you must reward high performing employees with RSUs in addition to the standard SIP.  For years, Merck Senior leaders prefer to buy back stock in the billions, enriching themselves and the board members while suppressing wages and incentives for the majority of employees.  Wage increases of less than 2% year over year does not constitute "raises."  Inflation rates exceed that of the average raise at Merck for the past 10 years.  As a result, "real wages" have decreased over time.  This is appalling.  The talent drain continues due mainly in part to the lack of competitive compensation.
Continue to retain talent and place employees in situations where they can be successful and use their talents to maximize the impact they have on the companies success. Make sure employees are not underutilized.
Continue to be competitive with salaries
Why shouldn't all employees be in Company employee development program?   So the fact that only a select few are, makes me skeptical of my future opportunities at the Company.
Hire more staff. Currently my department is depending on people working overtime voluntarily to cover all stations. If people don't volunteer for the overtime we don't have enough staff for the day.
Value the skillsets and experience of employees regardless of age.
Continue to focus on work/life balance and Diversity.  While Merck is a great company to work for and I feel blessed to have been here over 20 years, more can be done to be inclusive.  I know there are plans to address the issue.
Be more open to speak up
Continue to choose/explore products with the greatest promise and be quick to drop those that are not delivering as hoped. Make good decisions about our pipeline that our employees can deliver on successfully without overextending themselves.
A large number of excellent analysts and scientists are leaving my area of the company, (vaccines/MRL).  In previous years, someone leaving our department was a rare event.  Now I see someone leaving about every week.  This is a large turn over rate.  I am alarmed by this rate of attrition.  I am not sure what to attribute it to other than folks are not happy with the current operation/management and their individual place in the company.  There are relatively few avenues for advancement and people cannot develop their careers.
Continue with laser focus on our pipeline for patient's quality of life.
MSD employees should be more comfortable approaching management or HR personnel with questions or observations about salaries or working conditions in workplace. MSD HR helps employees understand their salary ranges and job potential, and inform them how additional skills, training or certifications could possibly affect their growth within MSD. MSD should detail how pay decisions are made with transparent compensation strategy.
Continue to talk about diversity and inclusion.  Continue to support employees in the goal of balancing work and family.
Achieve your social justice and diversity goals.   Make innovative products that change peoples lives. Give me meaningful work.
Continue to remember the people that do the work as well as those who benefit from it (the patients.)
remove the leaders who only are interested in self serving their upwards mobility.  they suppress and demotivate those of us who work towards the greater goal of improving lives.  remove the YER system.  give everyone the same bonus and raise.  aren't we all one Merck?  shouldn't we focus on achieving our collective goals rather than waste time writing accomplishments for a ratings system that puts the majority of the workforce in the same bucket?  change the review cycle to be more frequent.  it should be tightly integrated into the employer / employee discussions year round.
Rebalance workloads and backfill to allow movement in Quality MMD.
Work life balance
Biggest issue my team and I face is a BROKEN IT system.  We spend inordinate amounts of non-value added time navigating overly complex IT business processes that even our IT reps do not fully understand.  The organization is extremely siloed, and I have been here over 25 years and this is clearly the worst I've ever seen it (increasingly worse since the cyber attack).  yes, we secured the assets but we're bringing many parts of the core work of making medicines that save and improve lives to a grinding halt, or at least a significant slowdown.  The impacts are spread across the entire organization and hard to quantify, thus likely hard to justify a change...My guess is my group wastes 20% of their time on IT issues, though we interface quite heavily vs. other groups.
Stress management short seminars, mental health management
More open to new ideas and innovative approaches
improve your employees' benefit package
Allow flexible work schedules with WFH option as a regular part of work life.
Use more common sense when it comes to rolling out new quality procedures. One update can create massive ripple effects.
have one aligned and interdependent strategy across the company eld by an EC that acts like a true team
Respect working hours. Don´t send emails after hours or on weekends.
People are Merck's key to success ; organizations across IT needs to be staffed in a balanced way to deliver on business needs.
With the recent changes in leadership, it will be good to see the vision for the future and how we plan to proactively move towards the challenges our industry and MSD face, whether this be in minimising our concentration risk, optimizing our current assets (and primarily our staff) and how we plan to differentially invest in all facets of our business to optimize our organization
I am pleased with the care and concern our leaders have shown over this past year and the challenges we all have faced trying to work remotely for such an extended period of time.  Communication has been wonderful, starting at the top, with Ken Frazier, and I feel that has made a huge difference in allowing us to do our jobs successfully during this pandemic year.
Make it easier to receive support from study teams and reduce some of the burden placed on CRA roles especially for Site Ready. SIP is a major hurdle although I agree with its usefulness potential.  There needs to be more collaboration of roles, say co-monitoring or sharing of sites/studies, so that the role is not overwhelming.
Reduce internal red tape - particularly when our competitors are not bound by the same stringency
As an individual that holds to what would be considered more "historically traditional" values, I'm concerned that my place at the table within the company, my voice, isn't necessarily welcome anymore. In fact, I wonder if I raise my voice and express my perspective and opinions about any number of things, my career could actually be negatively impacted.    I want Merck to be a place where ALL voices, opinions, experiences, and perspectives are welcomed and seen as valuable and equal.  All means all.  Let's make sure we walk that talk.  Let's lead the way in making sure that everyone has an equal place at the table, and that everyone at that table feels safe, welcomed, and able to be themselves, without fear or hesitancy.
Improve IT solutions (esp GLIMS).    Roll out changes in phases.  Too many changes at once is stressful and difficult to manage and effectively implement.
Invest in their employees, balanced, work compensation, invest in technology to get help streamline work.
give an equal amount of holidays to shift workers based on hours worked like what was stated before accepting a role in MSD
Continue the current focus on diversity & ways of working.
Continuar con la apertura a nuevas ideas, promover los nuevos ways of working, apertura al cambio
MSD is already a great place to work with great opportunities for development and career. I would say to work further to promote our ways of working and diversity, increasing employee engagement, encourage open dialogue.
Empathy to people, even though Covid is our new normal (it's not normal), does not means that you are working with machines. People has necessities (family, health, stress).  Working 10-12 hours a day and some weekends to meet metrics in a non ergonomic environment is very difficult.
Simplify processes
If we are vaccinated let us return to work.
Fix the broken elements of the CCF system. Without increasing the total spent of salaries and benefits, we should add more rungs on the technical ladders (3 per band instead of 2) and have a Sr. Director level on the M ladder in Band 500. People should have more frequent opportunities to show their advancement and growth, and the raises with individual promotion events can be lowered to keep the total cost neutral. Prior improvements to the AIP system (change label from Middle to Successful; not force distribution into Improvement Required) were a step in the right direction.
Continue with transparency and being supportive of employees with information, recognition and rewards.
I think we are making strides to do things differently but I do know that we are known as the company that is ultra conservative and I’m not sure that is in our best interest anymore- people were shocked that we entered into an agreement with Gilead- and the comment was they like Gileads products but Merck’s people
Keep going on whatever it’s doing and more of mentoring programs for employees development
pipeline growth expand innovative medicines and showcase how current workplace fits in the plans
If Merck supports movements such as BLM, I don’t want to be forced to participate or support such a hate group. Everyone that comes to the table with sense and respect is how I judge a person not by the color of their skin.  One ethnicity should never be a focus,  ALL humans should be respected and if their aren’t it’s not for Merck to make people feel obligated to participate in such ethic activities. If we aren’t suppose to judge someone by the color of their skin, why have we focused on it? We are doing the very think people don’t want is segregation.
Take a real look at the animal health business and decide if it is going to be part of Merck/MSD.  Support is needed.  We can't keep "getting by".  The US LM AH sites are struggling.  Too many priorities and not enough resources to execute.  Poor leadership slows down progress.  Poor project management slows down capital projects.  Organization structure, roles and responsibilities should be reviewed to enhance communication and effectiveness.
Sometimes it feels like pace of change while reducing resources is causing extra strain. COVID not helping. Recognize both are critical to supporting our future.  Similar to previous learning, we likely need to continue to double down on the prioritization on both change goals and business objectives.
Walk the talk
Diversify research and product innovations in other divisions beyond Oncology.  Provide the same sales bonuses and salary ranges offered to Oncology.
Elevate salaries to top tier of Pharma.
dont get political like other corporations
To be extremely honest, it's not that I'm not supported, but there is a tremendous amount of work that gets allocated to the bare amount of resources. People are overworked and the decision to hire more people is extremely political and cumbersome. It takes anywhere between 6 months to a year to hire / promote / transition people and it's frustrating. Many times it feels like there are so many levels of approvals to go through to get the okay to update or develop a business process.
It’s a pleasure to work for Merck and a great company that cares about its employees. Here are a few areas for improvement. First,  Please consider removing the salary cap for Field Sales Employees.  Second, Please raise our bonus dollar amount. Our bonus range has not changed in 10 years. In fact, for many of us the bonus range was lowered for us when they made changes to the bonus. Our cost of living, health insurance, taxes, cost of the monthly company car fees have all increased for the past ten years, but our bonuses have not along with our salary caps have remained the same. The Field Sales also no longer receives RSUs or stock options, while upper management does receive these benefits, please reconsider they long term incentives for your great Merck hardworking, dedicated employees.
Strive to streamline inefficiencies in ways of working to minimize the barrier that complexity can have on productivity.
Increase the involvement and sponsorship of events in the HIV community .
Think more about fixing mistakes and prevention than blame culture then fix
Increase the investment in resources, is really challenging to achieve results with less resources (headcount) and you want us to be less stressed, but how can we be less stressed when the workload is increasing proportionally to the cuts in resources. I love to work here, I really do, but we need to have more resources please.
To keep on working hard on builiding an inclusive environment. We have been walking thru the diversity but a lot of work to be done in terms of inclusiveness
The silos need to go away and senior leaders need to empower the organization.  Sr leaders make decision with a fraction of the information and with silo'd data.  The devil is in the details so a decision is made that cannot be implemented.  Then there is work driven because rarely do decisions get 'undone' so the organizations re-prioritizes because that what's senior management decided.  So if you have a strong network, you can completely circumvent peers and drive decisions that are not in the best interest of the company, just by who you know.
Provide appropriate levels of resourcing to highly accelerated programs.  I am aware of a site in the middle of a critical transfer with no permanent leader for the transfer.  One brave soul is doing two jobs to get by, but I don't understand how as a company we have nobody on site with the will or skill to backfill a critical role.  The site also seems unable to extend contract positions in the middle of a highly critical process transfer, so turnover and onboarding is constant.  If new product introductions are to be highly accelerated and considered critical, the company should staff and fund those projects and sites like they matter.
Nothing that comes to mind.  I value my time at Merck
More female leadership in the Japan Development.
Personally I think that this company is a great place to work already.
Find ways to improve work life balance and to reward and recognize individuals and groups. More rewards should be given at the site, division or team level as well as more ways to do team and site bonding to interact with more individuals outside of your group. ERBG seem to get limited funding for events. ERBG events should be more fun and more should be done outside work hours. They should at times be a way to bond, network, learn about personal/company culture from others with diverse backgrounds and destress from work. They should not always be about ways to develop professionally and learn about Merck.
Look to decrease the cost of operations that employees are shouldering - storage, high speed internet for example
Make faster and greater progress in becoming a fully socially and environmentally sustainable enterprise.  This will greatly help fortify our future, for many reasons.
-Pay the tenured Merck employees fairly compared to their recently hired counterparts. -Trust us to make good decisions -Act like an oncology company and not like a controlling primary care company.  -Representatives are held to very high standards when it comes to conducting business and communicating with their direct counterparts. This does not happen at the CTL and DCO level. The same standards should be expected at these levels as well. You can feel it at the rep level and it is obvious that the same standards do not apply. The term “practice what you preach” really applies. Everyone seems to be getting different direction      -Do not micromanage your people with calls, spreadsheets and busy work. Hire the right people and trust we are performing at a high level. When that does not happen then action should be taken.  To manage everyone to the lowest common denominator makes you feel bad about yourself and your job and doesn’t make you want to work hard for your organization.
As we begin to get vaccinated, I would like to see more team building events happen
Continue to invest in future opportunities to grow the business while holding true to our values.
As we move into the digital era where remote work is the rule, I hope the company invests in upgrades to platforms that are agile or hardware/equipment (ie: laptops) that have the standard to support the new reality.
Be more competitive. Continue to reduce bureaucracy and work harder at limiting some of our restrictions set by legal when they are being overly cautious.
Frequently train managers about effective leadership emphasizing empathy.
It is already a great place to work.  Sometimes I think it is internally overregulated in some areas and it may be considered a little bureaucratic to perform some tasks and processes.
Continue to find ways to help employees with work/ life balance. Asking people to end meetings 10 min early, or not hold meetings on Friday afternoons is great if people were to comply. My day consists of back-to-back meetings for 6-8 hours straight with no time for breaks, or to get any actual work done. Answering emails and reviewing documents needs to happen off hours in order to be completed. Working 60+ hours a week is not sustainable, however I don't know how to get my work done otherwise.
Allow great ideas to prosper, even if they come with a risk of failure. Communication and alignment between different functions and areas of MSD is important so that every function can be efficient. Some of the decisions made around the pipeline could have been made earlier or more consistent to save resources and allow to focus on research that will have impact.
Providing easier avenues for people to find the work life balance. To be more flexible around staff needs of balancing their responsibilities around childcare/ healthcare( including mental health) and work. So that obtaining this balance is not held back by red tape or middle managements resistance. To provide adequate resources(staff and planning) to reduce the amount of stress and pressure placed on staff to achieve the desired results. Reducing the expectation that stress is a normal expectation.
Don't let a challenging business environment derail us from progress that has been made and needs to continue to be made in terms of speed of trust, ways of working, empowering people to accomplish their objectives, and D&I initiatives which we are really just starting to embark on.  Continue to focus on putting people in a position to be successful while still providing an environment that supports REAL work/life balance
Streamline and simplify the posting and hiring process. Get people onboarded more efficiently. It should not take months and months to go from posting an opening to getting someone in to add to a team. Its horribly inefficient and gives a bad 1st impression for new hires.
its  important for us not to only speak about work life balance but to also ensure measures are put in place  that supports this.
I think nonsense bureaucracy is so deeply rooted in the company that there is no way out. Merck 100% risk-avoidance culture blocks the way for empowering employees to take certain level of decisions. This is the foundation for it all, so all the rest cannot change
Continue improving in efficiency & encouraged a well-balanced environment for all employees
Decrease the workload over individuals; hire more people
Please value the work of MRL, don't be stingy on budget in lab related expense or hire.
Have more one on one trainings, make sure the employee understand Merck's process
Simplify internal processes and reporting requirement to allow more time for our core activities
Increase investment in technology solutions to improve our ways of working, improve efficiency; consider downward career progression as a positive trajectory option & part of retirement planning to leverage aging workforce while giving early talent room to grow and lead
challenge the global agenda. Canada is very different and leadership needs to stand up to global initiatives that don’t fit.
Evaluate impact of high level priorities on employee workload on sites. In many cases this is underestimated.
Remove some more red tape around Procurement processes, and spread out capital spend more evenly across years.
Merck needs to hire more people that are imaginative, innovative and willing to learn the good things we have done in the past and where we could improve.  Often I'm seeing Merck leaders hire people from their previous companies.  I appreciate fresh ideas from folks, but we are not valuing the Merck people who have been around for so many years that made the company it is today.  All I'm saying is that there needs to be a balance between Merck experience and outside experience.  New folks need to learn what we have accomplished instead of starting with a clean slate.  We keep reinventing the wheel and not building on what we have already built.
Merck have very committed employees, keep up with the different initiatives that empower employees to do better.
We are too slow! Last to market on about everything. We need to be more nimble with our R&D activities. The list of needs haven't changed.
Emphasize scientific excellence, value innovations, and improve transparency of all activities and possible contributions from individuals and/or teams.
There are times we have too many meetings. Some meetings are productive and some are not. This can have an impact on productivity.
Kudos to the Eliav Barr and the GMSA leadership on the impressive transformation of GMSA during extraordinary times.  Historically, transformation just doesn't move this quickly at Merck even during "ordinary" times so congratulations on the laudable progress!  We should continue the trajectory by continuing to align, simplify/streamline, and innovate.
Expand our portfolio after spin off
Reduce the number of meetings.  The number of meetings I and others are required to attend on a weekly basis have far exceeded the number of meetings required to achieve objectives, almost to the point that it seems just the act of having meetings is the objective.  This seems to have gotten worse as the pandemic has progressed with colleagues working from home.  For those who work at the sites, this really strains the amount of time to perform critical tasks and actions that may result from meetings and the ability to have a work-life balance.
More customer focus less red tape
Two things on my mind work-wise: Ken Frazier's upcoming retirement (very sad to not have him as our leader; but all good things come to an end). How will Rob Davis lead differently? What can we expect?  Do I need to worry about a 2028 patent cliff? I would like to be here until at least 2030 ... there are no guarantees and a lot can change in that time but I really hope to retire with Merck.  Allowing remote working options is HUGE! Very excited about the potential of that for field based employees. I wonder how that will look 2 years from now? Let's hope it is a roaring success. #1 step to make Merck great boils down to this: bring medications needed in the world to improve human (and animal) health. The greatest part of my job is supporting a medication that makes a difference for patients and medical professionals. I am passionate about what I do and who I work for b/c of the medications we bring to the world.
Give a few company-wide off during Summer
Continue caring for people
keep doing what we are doing, ensuring patient well-being is the root of everything we do, ensuring employees well-being (when a company take care of their employee, the employee will take care of the business)
I'm so glad that Merck has taken a stand against voter restriction laws recently.  It makes me glad to be able to work for a Company with a conscience!
Clarity on priorities and increased awareness to the current external racial tensions
Focus on concrete actions to better balance (25 or 50 minutes meetings instead of 30 or 1 hour).  Promote network instead of silos and our leaders acting as role model.
Please continue to encourage activism and anti-racism both in the workplace and outside of it.
Take concrete actions on flexibility mindset- needs to go from politics to actual plans. Engagement is a cornerstone MSD needs to focus on (how to retain valuable Human Resources, motivate people, increase their sense of belonging to the company).
Keep the open communications and ideas to improve coming in and implementing them for a better future.
Make it accommodating for people who are Christians.  Stop creating open space office arrangements that reduce productivity and isolate people from each other.
I believe MSD and Merck are doing the rights things to work and deliver our mission
It feels like leadership talks the talk about work-life balance, but needs to walk the walk. Especially when we are in a state of almost constant reconfiguring of the organization, of the work we do and the the way we do it. — The main message we hear is "everything is taking too long" -- but there are fewer people, and no support or funding to enable speed. — Leaders attend meetings and answer emails while sick, and while on vacation -- or they don't take vacation. Is the real message that we should do the same? — Emails get sent at all hours, seven days a week. Should we be online constantly? — We are in meeting after meeting talking about what work we plan to accomplish -- instead of using that time to actually work. So we work longer days but get less done.  Leaders who are blind to the impact they have on their employees are not actually leading. We don't need empty platitudes and slogans, we need real leadership.
Improve the visibility of our charity work and increase the amount, and ways that we give back to our communities. Also, we have made great improvements in our work flexibility, and more can be done. How can we ensure that flexible working to help support familiy is equally taken by men and women? Currently most people applying for flexible arrangements are women.Could we see more executive team members embracing work/life balance? It is difficult to see a path to senior management without losing the ability to work flexibly, or with reduced hours. And this may slow our progress towards diversity at senior management level.
I think Merck should train new mangers to encourage and promote professional development activities and provide those opportunities.
Trust your employees a little more.  It’s so tough to see our customers right now in field sales.  CTL’s pushing their way in is just making it harder.   Allow more decisions to be made locally.   Have Field Sales input when deciding some of these push down initiatives.   Why are send an email field suggestions coming down for people who have never had an email listed or have opted out?   Why are 25% of DMCM counties incorrect?   Why do we get an email to order samples every month when they are automatically allocated even if an order is not placed?   Why are the correct DEA marked physical addresses marked inactive in the system every time there is a database refresh?    We are a big company, all of these things are clutter & really complicate the process.  Countless wasted hours addressing just these couple issues.  Inefficient.
Take a deeper look at their personnel, specifically take time to learn/understand those who are quiet (and perhaps a bit quirky) and may not have a long Merck career but few advocates, and have great energy, ideas, tribal knowledge, critical thinking skills...for more strategic roles/projects (which typically require a promotion to get).  I being one of these types, will continue to find ways to be more visible...to be known.  Thanks!
facilities and IT support are really bad. so much scientist time is spent being a plumber, electrician, programmer, contract negotiator, etc. because the people in those roles have no accountability to do their jobs. Much of that work is outsourced the 3rd parties and it shows. You can outsource success...especially in those roles. IT situation is similar. Solutions take years and meanwhile scientists try to manually keep up with data entry and interpretations using 10-20 year old systems and technology. we cannot do our jobs effectively or enjoyably with such poor infrastructure support
Continue to offer training and support webcasts for working mothers.  Culture in Merck Vaccines is like no other.  I feel supported having the option to work remotely or in person.  I’ve been able to work for effectively having this option to provide customers.
1.  Allow for new job field sales titles and  expand S3 for vaccines.  This change would demonstrate tenure and long term customer relationship capital is valued.   2.  Re-evaluate fair market compensation by job roles.  Each field sales role is unique.  (Ex. Hospital, Chronic, Oncology, HIV, Vaccines, etc.).  Skills for each job role may assist with providing adequate benchmarks for compensation.  (Ex. contracting, buy/bill, HIT, quality, stakeholders, variety of customer types, etc.) 3.  PPO payout at territory level for vaccines.  Individual PPO for vaccines allows for the more indivisible accountability.  Other peer vaccine company's do evaluate their team on an individual productivity.  Other Merck sales teams use individual PPO to evaluate their teams.  Including territory managers with PPO responsibility similar to CTLs and DCOs allows for more equity in the  SIP program.
Accelerate the digital tools implementation
Please keep talking with employees about the most mission-critical issues on the work agenda and how to address any needs or concerns to accomplish the goals together.
Hone in on Diversity among Women leaders and tie Senior leader performance and promotions to cultivating the next leaders in the company, tangible results.  When people feel they are being invested in and are provided with equity this translates to delivering on our mission.  Also keep in mind the we need to be nimble and move quickly on many facets, we are impacting people's lives and people's livelihoods, its imperative that we take this with urgency.
I have no faith in the leadership from the Alum process. My direct manager is good at trying to understand our challenges and assisting the best he can. I feel we are being pushed to get work done when the process is not clear. I feel safety is not a priority for us right now. MES is a mess and seems to create more issues regularly than is being solved. Concerns about our process is not being addressed. Our SOP's have changed and are more difficult to follow and leaves many questions that no one seems to be able to address. I feel that GMP is a huge issue. I feel we are not FDA ready, and I feel there has been falsification taking place through work arounds for the MES process. We will soon have more trainees coming into Alum and I feel this is going to be a disaster.  I think leadership and MES has taken a reliable, fairly easy process and created significant issues.
Its fantastic we talk about diversity in our people so often but I'd be keen to see diversity in our pipeline.
Look after people equally no divides between contract staff and full time staff we all do same job
Keep focusing in our work/personal life balance, providing technical and soft-skills training to improve our skills,
1. Empower employees at different levels to speak out and challenge processes and way of thinking 2. Encourage work/life balance within teams
Make their employees feel appreciated. Show them that they have value and worth.
Continue to adapt to the rapidly changing workforce.
Keep everyone as informed as possible with current and future planning.
Truly make it “safe to speak up” without fear of judgment or consequences.  Even if we speak up sometimes we are not validated or nothing gets done to change.  Just going through the motions. Sometimes difficult if management assumes everything is ok.
I feel that the company should consider introducing a structure in rewarding employees that have given long unbroken service to the company an incremental pay increase to reflect their service. The workplace depends and counts on the experiences and knowledge of these individuals often, to achieve production goals by troubleshooting and demonstrating expert technical plant operations .Their role should be recognised as a vital part in achieving  our mission.
Make smarter business decisions.
We are still waiting our strategy after Organon launch and knowing new key priorities
1. We need to identify initiatives that truly make us more efficient and need to engage service providers to use the best in class technology for implementing those. We have a very important mission in the society that we belong, and need to be nimble about execution.  2. Some of the digital initiatives also need to come with right funding so that they can be value-add. For e.g. expecting digitalization in a factory that is under a hazardous area classification, without provision of correct devices is setting up for failure.  3. Stability in leadership and direction. frequent change of leaders may contribute to poor focus.  4. Our plants are getting old and so are the equipment/instrumentation. Need a program to see how we can maintain those, with good vendor partnership programs that allow for replacement of obsolete models at the right time, before they cause a problem.  5. Correct balance between running the business and new initiatives and projects. Feel new initiatives are a lot.
The company takes a little too long to add resources when groups get overwhelmed with work.
We should really, really strip down the meeting/presentation/report/etc burden of people who need to be at the bench getting scientific results.  I'm at a point where I'm writing presentations about the science I wish I could've been doing if not for all the presentations I've had to write.  It's comical.  I get home at night, and I'm like "OK, I guess I'll go ahead and write another presentation, what's one more at this point."  Instead of getting to enjoy my time away from lab, that is.
simplify the complex process and endorse a culture not afraid to fail.
Fair and competitive compensation as well as a fair treatment!
- Communicate how work places will change post pandemic / be open to different type of work arrangements  - Stop planning so much (too much time invested in forecasting) and be more focus on flawless execution - More long term view rather than just short term approach
Embrace all opinions and people, not just what our CEO believes. Ken has alienated half of his employees. Continue to focus on patients and improving outcomes for our communities.
1) Senior leadership should alienate from politics.  Even PACs may demonstrate a division between the wealthy corporate class and the less represented consumer (patient) class. 2) Accountability at all levels, especially senior levels.
I like the continuous updates about the pandemic and the increased benefits that have recently been rolled out to employees.
To develop new, important drugs/vaccine as a basis of our activity
Hire more employees .  The moral is very low  as a result of being overworked.
Accelerate digital transformation, focus on our strengths (vaccines & innovation), and stop pursuing tangential targets. Keep politics out of the workplace regardless of beliefs. Its obviously been a year of intense political, social, cultural, etc. upheaval. I come to work because I enjoy science, the people I work with, and believe in Merck's mission. I don't enjoy politics and its a complete turn off for me.
MSD is very committed with the employee's wellbeing. Due to the new reality and once the pandemic situation is over, it could be considered the home work for some days per week.
Optimization of the internal process (eradicate all the paper works, physical signatures, other..)
Provide improved support when transitioning employees to new roles.
Although Senior Leadership verbally acknowledges the stress that employees are under, so far in 2021 workload for many seems to have greatly increased and projects have been accelerated which tends to add to stress, not relieve it.
Reward very good performance appropriately during Year-End Review. The current setup with 3 values (Needs Improvement, Successful, Outperformed) and the extremely high criteria set for 'Outperformed' essentially means that a performance that is really good while not qualifying for 'Outperformed' does not get recognized at all, which can be a very strong demotivation factor.
Develop innovative drugs and vaccines to help the world.
Keep the ability to work remotely even when "normal" returns Have the ability for Animal Health and Human Health inventories be shared.  When COVID vaccine was stopped for merck alot of the supplies used could be used in Animal Health, but getting them transferred over from HH to AH is still a barrier.
more interaction between departments through internal events
We still work to a degree on sites in pillars and no understanding of what is a priority for support functions and how they can support these projects Managing change within in sites and moving past we have always done it this way
Really respect people without any classification, any. Modelling and implementing what Corporate try to reinforce in terms of Compliance, Ethic, Integrity Empathy, Values, and Respect in all countries, all regions and at all levels. Genuinely value contributions and not only the what, but the he how. Reinforce that the WOWs is not a culture of skipping ethics, integrity and values.
Build confidence in the Chronic Care organization and make us feel like we are important to the company.
Focus on the medicine, creating new innovative products in a quicker timeframe  and not get involved in politics that can negatively impact our business.   We also need to add jobs for the right people and not creating extra jobs in a top heavy manor.   We need to work on agility as a company.
Stay focused on deep functional expertise, executing in R and D and delivering the pipeline. Avoid Franchise thinking and organizational friction.
Improve infrastructure and Streamline processes. Focus on simplification
Diversity&Inclusionの推進
For my country , we need the fresh and matured skilled personnel from the industry.
focusing on your top performers helps your business
Give people higher salaries and instill better work culture.
focus on the development of leaders/managers.  Targeting managers as a critical link will help them and their direct reports.  Mid level managers support throughout the organization will make and keep connections strong.
Continue to innovate and invest in research and development to enrich the product line.
Equal opportunities for employees through agency and with full time Merck and MSD employees. IPT leaders (group leader and supervisor) more hands-on with its personal, better scheduling hours with resource availability, incentives for hardworking employees, use of recognition tools, cafeteria variety or change cafeteria service, growth opportunities, opportunities to speak freely without being judged or labeled as a problematic, act according when an issue arises and make it a priority to have happy employees so therefore you have motivated employees which will work longer and better to comply with the mission and vision.
適切な長期、中長期の人員計画、採用計画、succession planの策定
Utilize system, don't make additional deck and individual files. Too many PPT should be prepared for every tasks. For example, we have to prepare deck for talent review even though having WorkDay. These kind of duplicated job to fit individual needs really makes inefficiency and overload. Leading company has been trying to remove burdensome and inefficiency from daily working to focus on the important matters.
Given the changes to our work life due to the global pandemic, I would appreciate the opportunity to continue to work from home and increased flexibility.  Eliminating my commute time has maximized my work time.  While I would still plan to come to work as needed, the flexibility to manage my own schedule would be a great option.
1. Provide meaningful career opportunities and promotional consideration for key talent that has at least 5 years of service  2. Assess the HR policy whereby certain new roles are assigned versus others that are bid out
Ensure adequate resources are provided as needed.
More emphasis on balance between work and personal life.
home based work encourage
Again a re-evaluation in Salaries to keep and maintain great people. The disparity in Salaries between Merck and other Companies is really causing people to question whether Merck is still the right fit for them as Salaries have not changed in years.  Colleagues feel that there is nothing that we can really do to increase our salary ( Not our bonus). The percentage in pay increase in the last ten years has been minimal with an even smaller opportunity for growth as it seems to be fixed.
Keep working on the diversity and inclusion within all members of the company, try to teach their managers to fully understand different perspectives
For IT needs, there has to be a better way to share needed information. In addition there is too much similar work going on in different areas. There is not enough oversight as to the work being done and leveraging tools that already exist. Or to connect those with similar needs to make a tool that works for both.
Just be the worlds best science driven drug company. Not get wrapped up in political issues, that should remain an individual choice.  Draw great people regardless of their personal politics, being outspoken politically will diminish that. It now seems like our mission is social justice, not improving and saving lives.
More clarity on roles and responsibilities across departments in order to streamline decision making.  It takes far too many hours of meetings for fairly simple business decisions.
More balance between work and family , currently we have a lot of internal meetings by web  and we have to continue with our other job (more web meetings with customers ,team, and Field job)
Proactive and Transparent communication with Top 200 leaders - opportunity to develop the Top 200 Leadership team into one Team from a mindset and behavior perspective.  Evaluate Top 200 to be insiders so group is all aligned to company goals and work as a team to address issues and opportunities.  important to focus all efforts to eliminate the silos that remain within the company between divisions and functions.  Drive an enterprise approach to the organization - key to our future ways of working.
Continue to work on Diversity and Inclusion and work to get appropriate diverse candidates in executive levels of the organization.
Do a better job at handling CMOs as Merck and MSD are relying on them more and more. Personally I do not understand why we are advised to handle them with "soft" gloves when the company is paying them top dollars to get a job done. I do not agree with this philosophy and frankly so far I have not witnessed it to be successful. They should be accountable the same way employees of Merck and MSD are. I do understand we usually deal with CMOs outside of the US but as a French/American, I believe Merck worries too much about hurting the "feelings"  of our CMOs.   About question 16, "I plan to be working at Merck and MSD two years from now.", I answered "disagree" as I plan to retire in April 2022 after 32 years at Merck. I wish this great company the best! I have worked with amazing people and my Merck family has helped me through some very tough personal times.
stay focus on our mission and employee focus
Take more risk. Experiment. Less conservative. Merck vs BMS for patient access program has significant gap,
I think WFH can still be proceed (maybe one week we can back office 1 to 2 days) after covid situation as it enable us to fully utilised our time on work, instead of rushing to the office, facing traffic jam, and so on
grow non oncology part of the business
Understand cultural differences.
Start REALLY adopting some form of work-life balance concepts.  Today has been another non-stop 12-16 hour day.  Until I get out, Merck basically owns my life.  There is no balance !
Merck is already a great place to work. Excited to be part of the new Merck, and embark on the journey of evolving to become a leading bio-pharma company.
I would say have more training on time management, to be able to manage personal and work life better.
Align salaries and bonuses with the work performed and strive to be competitive with similar companies as Merck does at the executive level.   Promote based on the best candidate with the most experience, strengths, skills versus arbitrary corporate goals on  genders, races, sexual orientations, religions unrelated to the position.
Company perks (wifi reimbursement, no meeting Fridays, pay for company wellness stiped i.e. gym membership or company lunches)
Encorage collaboratin between MRL HQ and regional MRL organization to maximize our capability and efficiency for clinical development and regulatory activities to deliver study results for patients appropriately.
On reflection I feel we are a very risk averse organisation as a whole.  I believe we often take a unilateral approach to issues which then subsequently slows us down as a company and ties us up in layer apon layer of bureacracy and red tape.  Rather than addressing the outliers where an issue or concern is identified we take a whole of company approach which leads to disempowerment and a sense that people cannot be trusted.  I would love us to challenge this mindset and reimagine a world where highly talented and highly trained individuals are trusted to do the right thing.
Continue what they are doing.
Fast decision making and actions. Invest on valuable resources especially for the field force. JOB SECURITY to motivate employees in the field.
flexible and comfortable atmosphere.
Prepare the good environment and collect talented people who have different careers and backgrounds but share the same mission with each other.
I‘d suggest we further simplify way of working, avoid some unnecessary routines/checks and focus on the key ones.
Resources especially during the pandemic. Training and cross-training of staff.
continue to work to breakdown the barriers of having women in senior leadership & executive roles.
Optimize the time spent in meetings. Assign time slots for participants to join meetings, when possible. Add no meetings days to the work calendar (Fridays, days prior to Holidays (e.g. Christmas, etc.). This will help the teams catch-up on action items during working hours.
Better alignment between organizations and working towards a common good for One MSD.
It would be even better than already is that each member in managerial level communicate more with their subordinates and attributes tasks evenly among them regardless of personality difference from person to person.
Faster decision-making on organizational changes. Streamline operations / focus on what's important.
Tackling the problem areas which would provide the greatest benefit to allow employees to do their daily work more effectively and efficiently eg laptop hardward and software had a lot of complaints but is much better today and much more tolerable
Research and balance between risk and innovation. Many innovative idea / latest advancement in technology is being discourages due to preceived "Risk Accessment" difficulties and/or unsupported security framework. From enterprise planning perspective, over invest and over evaluated in risk and security process can really hurt company growth. I would suggest a re-balance in this area to catch up with the industry.
Adopting D&I is great. Some collegues do not fully understand what the D&I culture is, while they say they do. I hope MSD K.K. have a long term strategy/plan for D&I culture.
Focus on people, especially our employees; understanding the global culture/diversity instead of being US-focused
Involving more work life balance program or practice to increase employee's happiness & wellbeing.
Increase employee engagement on areas that make a difference for our patients
MSD is already doing a good job.
stay out of politics and trying to tell me what to think and how to act just concentrate on our core business and refrain from trying to ram Woke ideas down my throat
Continue with flexible working arrangements - working from home Keep trying to streamline processes to improve flow but still adhere to all policies and regulations.  Sometimes the paperwork associated with processes seems to be a bit of 'red tape'... keep trying to find a better, user friendly way
I would be grateful if there is more connections between different function.
We don't be diverse and included enough. In particular, we have unconscious bias for promoting younger generation and gender in Japan.
Hire real talent according to JD. Managers lead by example and take people development seriously. Shift of functional mindset to enterprise mindset - decisions should be made consideration overall company impact. Employee needs to exhibit real skills sets required for given level. Hold people responsible to their role and deliverables and not burden organization performers to stop-gap situations regularly. Ensure decisions are transparent and rationalized to employees to understand reason to work towards common goal.
provide more resources to enable us to do our job easier and better.
MSD is pursuing diversity and trying to embrace it, but when it comes to executive or senior level I am seeing more people from Europe or America come to Asia but very little cases in vice versa.
Focus on making decisions faster.  Need to truly embrace work-life balance.  We are working crazy hours because of the Organon spin-off.
Management to listen to any feedback from employees, to continue to provide support and grant flexibility for work-life balance for staff.
Prioritize work and empower the teams to deliver.
Develop a strong pipeline outside of Oncology. Stop making consistant and unrealistic cuts to budgets year on year
Enhance the salary adjustment percentage after employee promotion
Prioritization and setting realistic expectations in resource constrained environment. Seek to level up medical affairs practices to at least meet industry benchmarks through legal and compliance council. Continue to support growth and development of high performing employees.
Ensure decisions are being made by the responsible department and not by other departments that do not work within that group. We need to trust each other to get the work done.
How about starting a tribe practice. Today's business do not want agile they want "Agility" we have design and deliver a small version of Agility in Malaysia's HH business team and guess what, our HH won a tender of USD 5 million, where competitor's price for the similar drug is USD 0.48 cents and Bridion is $142 still we won a big-time tender. Just by putting in tribe cultural practices for 4 weeks, not focusing on Agile but focusing on family and agility, we did this. I am a big believer that if Merck or MSD works as a family (we are working as a good neighbor in the company right now) the growth of happiness will jump exponentially.  Which eventually will help our patients to access our medicine quicker, let's be known as a family who can heal the world. Not Agile ceremonies but the family rituals will help us become one.
Work/life balance
accept that all team members have the right to work at their own rhythm, as long as we get to the end point, micromanagement is not nice
Ensure that there is professional and career development for all employees instead of just paying lip service with ineffective HR programs and processes like "Build the Best Team and Talent" and "9-Box".
Company is great, I have no comment.
I am an employee with AIP motivation system. I hope we can get more aggressive and clear promise that is when our country get positive performance, we can get additional award for our contribution.
I think Merck does a phenomenal job, to be honest.  I would like to see ongoing training provided for the CTLs and the reps. I’d also like to see smaller districts and more CTLs.
At times, timelines can take precedence over scientific understanding. If timelines are prioritized over a thorough scientific understanding, you are just delaying issues that will have to be addressed in the future. In my opinion, stopping to fully understand that root cause and corrective action of an issue which causes a delay in the timeline is better than not having a full understanding and ultimately meeting initial timelines
Design more activity in workroom to make our place rich and colorful .
Start understanding that stopping careers because people don't have a bachelor's degree is a very poor and very old policy. You're losing a lot of talent, including me, because of this. The new ways of working (in any industry) is focusing on knowledge over titles.
Implement a successful flexible work strategy
Better planning (all aspects).
i think it requires effort of the people working in the company to have enough foresight, trust in the management decision and also to want to make a difference together so that everyone moves into a more future-ready state. It seems to be difficult for many colleagues to shift into a mindset that is willing to embrace change because the transition periods is messier than the state before (due to lack of information cascades and too many miscommunications) which creates a sense of unwillingness on the ground to adapt to something new. This in turn affects the working environment with a more pessimistic viewpoint of close to every single change, even if the multiple major changes were meant to eventually lead to better and more efficient outcomes. Perhaps all changes (and upcoming ones) could be better communicated to everyone so that the entire organization is in better sync even across countries because the greater hype will lead to more brighter and more influence from positivity.
The company should not focus too much on speed and agility but the execution of processes with due care/diligence in terms of standard, quality, security and compliance
Hope there are more opportunities to take different kinds of task, and learn/understand the workflow of other departments, can learn the SOPs of other functions.
Be empathic and consider that every country has different situations that make that company goals are achieved by extra and additional efforts depending in the COVID-19, politcal and health situation of each country.
Continue to produce and develope life saving drugs to the population
Need more transparency, unity, trust, understanding, work as a team and more laughter and fun.
Stop forcing the woke, cancel culture ideology down our throats.  People are not inherently racist based on the color of their skin, whether that skin is black, brown, yellow, red or white.
Develop a more tighten relationship among the different department, which could promote the working efficiency.
STOP MICROMANAGING and allow those of us with years of experience to work. Stop taking from advisors. we have the most responsibility as anyone on site and have had the most taken away from us.
Be more flexible with headcount changes. As a manager myself, I'd like to be able to either hire one senior or two juniors depending on workload and required skills while holding budget constant.
Continue to put our safety first with work from flexibility and being an industry leader in changing the perception of how work can be successfully performed remotely
Thin out the layers of management that tend to construct barriers to productivity and get back to focusing on the patient, research and our products rather than pushing certain political agendas that cause angst and division within the company.
I am extremely disappointed in the way Merck handled the Pandemic in spring 2020.  I expected it to be handled much differently.  As a mother with a 8 month old when the pandemic hit, I felt like I had zero options to protect my family. I was denied FMLA and a leave of absence.  I work in manufacturing and it was very clear that product was being put before employees.  I am now working 2nd shift so I can be home for virtual school with my kids during the day (I do appreciate that I was offered a flexible work shift).  After a year of doing this, I am burnt out to a level that I don't even know how to come back from.  Balancing work and home has never been more difficult.
1. Encourage employees to practice work-life balance. I believe time management, process improvement can help to work efficiently.  - Eliminate over-time culture during non closing period. - No private message during lunch break or after working hour for job related   2. Provide more soft skill training for all employees  3. Engagement survey for event organizer to ensure they are enjoy instead of stress during the event preparation for the rest of the employees. If there is negative feedback, maybe we can get outsource event planner in order to ensure all the employees enjoy.   4. Highly promote MSD counsellor (if there is any) to all employees so that we can get advice on our daily problems or issue which we couldn't share with our managers / leaders.
review employee's benefits to catch up with current inflation.
Ensure we remain competitive with salary with other companies in our industry.  Continue to evaluate our resources to help ensure we have a reasonable work life balance.  Now that we have proven that working remotely is possible, continue to have our leadership support remote work for those who choose that option.
I've seen a lot of other companies that provide "care packages" to their employees, which are great for boosting morale and displaying the care that Merck has for its employees.
Invest in new technologies for the future success of the business. (I.E. IoT and equipment in all facets of the manufacturing lines of our products from start to finish.
Hire the best qualified candidate for a position stay out of the politics at the national level from upper management
Integrity
For field sales, Merck should diversity the recruit for field sales to experienced sales professionals as well, not just entry level candidates . I understand the need to hire younger age groups to plan for those who retire but I feel we are going too far by hiring people with little or no sales experience.
Merck needs to look deeply at how various departments operate.  Is the work being distributed evenly across all employees within a group?  Is the compensation far based on the skills of the employee, the accomplishments for the year, what they have done above and beyond? Have an independent assess of employees' work life balance.  My current group is a a speeding train that is close to running out of track.  I have been with the group for 14 months.  Since that time 8 people have left my group and I am the 9th who will be leaving.  Things are so bad that has people leave there is no one who can absorb there work load.  One colleague who left the group but stayed with the company was asked to keep some of her projects for 6 months.  I have two projects that there is no one to take them, so my former manager will cover if support is needed, but not actively managed the projects.  I am on vacation, getting ready to move to my new position within Merck and I am still covering my projects!
Keep the flexible mindset always there which helps us to balance work - life and also to deliver with quality.
new compound development
Take time to hear different perspectives about a problem.
We should continue to discovery and develop new innnovative drugs, vaccines and survices as Keytruda next generation.
senior leadership needs to walk the talk and demonstrate ways of working regularly , we need to invest in being and preparating this team to be future-ready
1. Simplification of complicated procedures. 2. Empowerment of people for the quick decision making. 3. Agility in execution of projects. 4. Encouraging employees via Proper usage of Inspire awards to the deserving candidates.
I want to improve employee benefits
Keep transparent communication and knowlege sharing within company.
Improve transparency
New and functioning equipment for sampling and testing would have a positive impact on our overall production.
Focus on work life balance
Continue building a culture of progress and make sure all voices are heard.
-Work life balance is key thing to improve.  -Reduce processes and clear direction from upper level --rather than managing at local leval.  -Retain talent people  -Creating supporting & collaborating environment in every level.
Launching new and innovative products
enhance work -life balance
Brings Future pipeline products to reduce disease burden,like diabetes, hypertension & CKD
Diversify protfolio. It seems that there is too much focus on a single cancer drug and other therpaeutic areas (such as Gen Med) seem to be deprioritized. There are many patient out there that could benefit from Merck's science and they should not be forgoten.
Make effort to listen into employee perspective instead of finger pointing and/or jumping into conclusion. Gap between upper and lower management can be improved by having a transparent open discussion, sharing of information and inclusion.
Communicate clear long-term prority and strategy
Are the existing leaders the right type of leaders to lead the future of MSD?    Mindsets, values and behavior would not readily change over a short period of time,  while many leaders who are successful today most of whom are the ones that are barriers for the organization to transform.  Bold decisions are required at times in very challenging times,  but often comfort in the role,  fear of job security of the leaders who put them to make incremental changes or stay status quo.  Are the people hired / transferred into the organization of some of such leaders the right type of leaders for future of MSD?  There many be diversity in gender/ethics / background,  but if the values and behaviors are similar to the existing leaders,  the culture will remain.
I personally feel we can focus more on exciting career opportunities, trainings and improvement in HR policies (specifically the leave management) which will definitely motivate all of us and will make this  company a great place to work and deliver on its mission.
Politics should be taken out of the workplace
In my opinion, continue with the ways of working, promoting efficiency, leadership and growth in all areas.
Continue to push inclusion and diversity within the company
As a foreigner in working in Japan, i would like to get equal opportunities to learn and study, and show my values in daily working. I hope MSD can help me on achieving that.
Applying HR special policy for animal health team as they have specific job description and nature of work that differs  from that of human health team.
Try more to introduce digital tools to improve our ways of working
Diversity is the most important but most of the time the benefits are focus to young people (27- 34 years old), i understand that the company want retaining talent but the talent is not only new ages
I think our company is very big and as a result, many works have many steps for proceeding. It might be very difficult but we need to simplify many steps and bravely remove unnecessary process.
I think it's good enough so far. We've gym to exercise in Beijing, we've internal CRAM/CRM/CCQM programs for employees development. We also have internal transfer opportunities between different TA. It's really good for me, at least I can know that, as employee in MSD: as only as you're willing to make efforts, the opportunities would come.
The company should work to innovate and introduce new products through different pipelines in fast period of time and provide challenging and healthy environment to work towards  delivering company's mission. Should focus on core business but should also look for and leverage through inorganic growth and partnerships.
1. Inclusive work culture. 2. Need focus around an Ethnicity pay gap especially for Women of color.       What tangible actions are being taken to address these discrepancies.
Continue to put people first and continue to be the strong ethical company it has always been while adapting to change and value all employee's input and ideas.
hire talented staff from rival companies.
Merck and MSD is a great place to work. Therefore, I don't think they need any further comments to improve.
Help employees' whose role is made redundant or take up new role as a result of company transformation to transition to new role.
- Adopt confidential 360 feedback from employees on their reporting managers - Encourage growth of local talent by nominating local employees for leadership (MD) positions - Leadership team stepping down to interact with the ground employees by walking to talk and sometimes rolling up their sleeves if need be - Leadership to empathize employees stress and pressures by quantifying it through survey and analytics, insteading of just addressing it generally in townhalls  - A more open HR (e.g. allowing more job rotations across functions for those with keen interest, adopt care-takers leaves for employees to take care of their elderly, etc) - Allow employee access to all offices within a country (no restriction as to which site you are located and cannot access other sites - this can be deemed discriminatory) - Establish a set of motto and principles for employees to look up to (e.g. define working relationships, stakeholders and hospital accountabilities, racial harmony, etc...)
I would like the company to take more actions to make sure each department is well functioned enough for the employees so that they do not have to work too much
We need to find away to balance the current workload relating to running with the business with the surge effort needed to transform while meeting HC/cost constraints.  Teams are working long days/weeks and I am concerned about burn out.
- I feel free to speak but I don’t feel my feedback is listened - Simplify processes - Respect the personal time for the employees (very early morning meetings (6/7am meetings), lunch time) - Centralize the communications to be more effective
- Build up DD&A capabilities, may consider to get expert from outside or regional support - Develop future capabilities of marketing, sales as defined in SOF - Have family day and community caring day so that we show our responsibility with employee and community
Treat ALL employees with dignity and respect!
Publically commit to these improvements: - Break down the silos and increase cross-TA communications and processes - Implement a promotion ladder for everybody - an explicit statement of what each person needs to do in order to get promoted. This requires liberalizing the credential requirements in job descriptions so there is room to move up.  - Hold HR and the manager accountable when a high-rated colleague leaves the company. - Change our compliance-driven policies to align with industry standards. Most are more restrictive; some are less restrictive than industry standards. This attests to a body of compliance rules that is not accountable beyond the internal organization. - Recognize that our SOP's are not built for learning. Each should be accompanied by and introduced with a training slide deck.
I wish the company better and better, and I hope I can get better growth and development in such a valuable enterprise
I have spent 11+ years with MSD, based on my experience, MSD has a very good "speak up" culture, we should continue with this. Second, we would continue to focus on inclusion and diversity.
Provide clear direction and engagement. Hire the right leaders and groom the potential ones.
Deliver on what you say you will do - do something about the managers we say do not share information or are accessible for year, review resourcing to ensure there is appropriate workloads, give us the tools we need to do our jobs, support us appropriately if we raise issues in the work place and pay us for what additional revenue we are bringing the business.
Review and update medical benefits scheme to keep pace with healthcare costs and pharmaceutical industry benchmark.
Please authorize oncology reps to mail compliant resources to customers immediately.  Customer request for resources would increase if it were a positive experience. Currently to order an approved customer leave behind or patient education resource thru ROME and have it mailed to a customer ((where its received 3 weeks later and the wrong item)) does a disservice to the oncology customer, the patient waiting for the info and the rep who has spent years building and maintaining trust with the office.   Merck should immediately update the guidance around field reps mailing Rome items to their customer when personal delivery is impossible. Thank you
Remove descrimination by age
Become less system and process heavy.  I spend too many hours each week on training to do simple tasks because we have too many complicated systems and keep changing them.  I feel there are not enough hours to do the work I need to do well because I have to spend so much time in training, learning and relearning how to do simple things because the systems are overwhelming.
1. Better support new hires.  2. Improve job training. 3. Make totally clear job requirements. 4. Before implementing changes that will affect how we do what we do, get a team together to weigh the pluses and minuses to avoid undue stress to the affected staff. 5. Next contract, get more management personnel involved so that we can get a better deal for the company. There are too many things agreed upon in this contract that make managing difficult.
Everything good
I understand that there will always be extra credit work for each role, but also make it clear what is expected for each role.
Encourage more inclusion among leaders, better develop of employees with desires for professional growth in the same company and fulfill the legacy of "seniority" for employees with many years of work so that they do not rotate different shifts.
I believe management should consider having an experienced, trustworthy and unbiased local leader at the Mumbai site, who has capability to communicate with positivity and uplift the moral of team by promoting open and transparent communication. This will help to keep the flock intact, motivated and engaged.
skip level 1:1 with directors for those who needed
Streamline. We have a lot of span breaking levels which add more work and distract the local teams from doing their job for patients. Empowerment, it’s related to the same as above, but local teams are not empowered due to all the internal levels that cause churn and focus on internal reviews
Process simplification and opportunity to advance.
Every manager and director seem to have different ideas on how to develop  and grow your career.  It is frustrating to do all the work. Ie.. Special assignments, multiple leadership awards, multiple sales awards, recommendations from your manager directors and even HQ mangers from special assignments.  Then your manager or director leaves.  So the new person basically tells you that you need to start over and “prove yourself”.  If you are not on that persons bench then nothing seems to matter.   A leader development program that helps people grow in their careers would be nice beyond just a PSA.  Having a pool of individuals that have proven themselves and trained to go onto the next level should be a good thing. I think all people who have done special assignments or are in this type of program should get a S3 promotion their extra work should be rewarded and a way of showing those who are working to develop their careers. The new remote possibilities are confusing now.
The company is one of the greatest places to work
Getting all indications which is available worldwide for Keytruda
More flexible arrangements - including management (e.g., remote work) when we return to the office.
Further training with managers on how to approach and handle situation. Mainly when people are having mental health issues and when there is large amounts of complaints of bullying within a department.
Continues working with MSP principles to be applied to MMD processes and alignment between divisions to be more efficient
Provide more hommization actions to let people feel more warm working here, for example, small holiday gift or team building excercises.  More flexible to work style.
Determine if there is a future in local Markets or if to go central. Is there anything else besides oncology that may be what gets us into the future or are all eggs in the same basket?
Company should always keep its employees safe and secure. Nobody should lose their job due to any situation or Pandemic or loss of Sales due to any circumstances.  We at MSD all employees love working here and we are always work with our heart and soul for the MSD.
be more different from other big pharmas
Speed in the decision making is the success factor in business, I believe. Delegation in decision making is a enabler in this concept..
voice out some doubts or questions should be embrace positively by managements.
Please add new product portfolio so that jobs of employees are secure in this competitive environment
Work life balance that we can work from home . appreciation on employee eg certificate , reward
Simplify processes. Do better in work-life balance, especially for Asia Pacific staff (due to all the night calls 3-4 times a week, and next day's meetings start at 8am).
Improve the access to IT systems. Getting access to all the systems was a serious hassle. It took time to identify the persons responsible for the systems and I had many problems with getting them to work properly.
Ensure that all employees ideas are heard of
communication from top to bottom need to be improve
1. the culture of not wanting/daring to take responsibility for decisions needs to change. We are building a culture of risk minimisation in every single decision with a result that people do not dare to "think for themselves".  2. Customer Focus - Can give you so many examples of this. one example is how we are handling the speakers we are engaging. We demand very high standards from speakers before we sign a contract with them which I think is great but then we are constantly missing in the "last" part of the agreement -  to pay for the services we have bought. We as a company would never have accepted this if someone did this to us. Sometimes I feel ashamed looking at how we are acting within this area.   3. Secure proper support functions to our self-service - we have a lot of systems and all of them are great when they work. But when there is a problem or you have a question you have no idea who to turn to...
Make sure we can react quicker to respond to a future situation similar to COVID.
Continuing the kind of zeal which MSD has shown in this difficult time....safety, security and well being of its employee should be the primary focus along with the organisational goal....which MSD is doing already....need to continue the same....
better work-life balance
During this spinoff activity and splitting to 2 Companies ( MSD and Organon ) , there are so much work where a life balance became really so challenging.
Imporve welfare by bechmarking the other MNCs
Add more resources in departments especially EHS and procurement so people can do their work in a proper way and create extra time for improvement and prevention
Continuous improvement to be ready for the future and ready for growth. Meaning to support achieving stable work processes and enable a fair amount of work.
Figure out the right & key priorities within one period instead out lots of big initiatives in parallel to ensure we have the focus and balance the work Pay more attention to talent development  and competitive promotion path VS the market
MSD should to simplify the business Process, and not to make the process more and more complex. and the process makes the business disefficiency
Merck and MSD is doing a awesome job, Thank you.
Continue to hire Talents and continue to change the ways of working
As Merck and MSD is a premier research- Intensive Biopharmaceutical company in the world. Now need more focus in Diabetes Section with New Research Molecule.
Invest much more on digitization and automation to remove simple and repetitive tasks. Invest more in data science to get more out of our data resources. Invest in Artificial Intelligence solutions.
Perhaps by being more transparent. Less focus on metrics- they only tell part of the story. For example, the metrics for volume of product generated does not take into account the costs at which those numbers were accomplished. More balance between quality and quantity.
Some kind of professional encouragement such as promotions or performance appreciation. All these things help an employee feel better or great in a company.
More support on career development. Grater clarity on Medical Affairs strategy. Need for actual framework of debate about company strategies.
be more customer oriented
Always remember: We are ONE Merck
be transparent about how we failed developing a Covid vaccines / lessons learn for the future
Sustainable work environment, focus on work results (not on internal politics and streams), keep not only in mind and in PPT company mission and vision but also in real actions.
Being a female colleague I feel ignorance sometimes as  some specific colleagues get more value . MSD is a very good house earlier but I am finding some lacking as I am here from last 10 years
continue the communication on the future, the strategy of Merck concerning the future, horizon 2025
Take the delivery as team output, but also respect & recognize each individual contribution.
REAL CUSTOMER FOCUS
I have only been with MSD for 3 months, so this is difficult to answer, but better IT help would make a difference
Please re-consider how mandatories policies around work from home are rolled out and the impact on productivity and wellbeing. For the organization to discriminate between full time and part time employees in % time allowed to work from home was disappointing. This was received just via email at the end of a long year and was a real blow to many. I believe we thrived during 2020 despite the challenges we faced, were efficient and collaborative working remotely. I think we need to ensure diversity of opinion on the benefits of work from home, where most suited to the project and individual, is by the CLT so they appreciate that whilst some work best face to face all the time it is not true for all people or all work types. The focus should be on the output and what delivers best outcomes, like the Novartis approach of ‘Choices with responsibility’ in where an employees works best.
Improve in better techniques/future options with regards to documentation/hire sufficient personnel so the work load can be more divided. Also have a clear process on how to approach several tasks/questions coming from everywhere. That would help people to stay and perhaps also to work here.
Simply systems and procedures.  Use user friendly systems, some of the systems we use are not user friendly or fit for purpose
come with a better people management strategy. For instance if you know upfront that you need more headcount for a new system be on time with the process to hire. For young people there is no future grow perspective that's why a lot of young people move to an external position.
Embrace modern ways of working, especially given our experiences during the pandemic. Allow employees to adopt remote working/hybrid working patterns where possible.
Listen more closely to the complaints/needs of the employees and take small steps to show support and improvements, especially during a time when the company is overly burdened by NewCo spin-off, a pandemic and need to deliver on company objectives.
There is an extremely high work load and a lot of pressure on each individual. There is little room to have an "off" day or having reduced capacity for any reason. Providing more room to breath and ensuring work-life balance for it's employees, would make MSD a better place to work with more satisfied employees, which in turn would allow us to deliver on our mission in a better way.
Our Company should provide Job security to employees. I am working so much extra hours to save my current Job. I do not want to leave this great organisation, where my values are shared. I feel so sync and proud to work for this organization.
Social events for worker to create co-operative environment
all promoted approaches (like diversity and inclusion, ways of working) need to be implemented, still these topics are just mails for me that we are only reading. The managers have to be trained really well and company has to make the managers examplary leaders. If this is so hard, at least control mechanisms should take place for managers. I am not working in equal, fair environment, it is effecting my motivation. I do not feel sense that belonging MSD like I felt two years ago. It may be just related with our local organization. While I am working with regional colleagues I feel more supported, confident and valued.
In my department there are many processes complications introducing almost every week, that have a big impact on our effectiveness and quality. Every time when management try ti simplify some process, it occurs to be more complicated and time consuming than before. We need a real simplifications.
Provide structural objectives not assign different path in every year
Improve systems to remove the difficulties/churn for doing certain tasks.
See people - listen to feedback and give compensation that is aligned to the work you actually do. It must be possible  for the Company to increase the salary when you started started very low.  It is not a good feeling that you know that your colleagues is more "appriciated" (reflects to salary) than yourself.  And we still have a way to go due to communication between different divisions, thinking of global communications on .ie. virtual meetings, rules, what has been communicated to MDO, TM&C,GHH, MRL. Many times when we attend information from global, I think that this is very relevant for other departments, but none of them are invited to the same call. Maybe in the future they can ask if it can be distributed internally in the country if you know that others also should have this aknowledge?
focus on human resources and development, optimise change managment processes
Better planning of meetings especially keep some time for lunch break
Allow employees to develop professionally taking into account their seniority, not only young people have the right to develop according to their studies. Seniority should be a positive grade.
We are moving in the right direction with digital enablement's. However we need to embrace our ability to make changes and be more agile .
Part-time working should be more accepted, it should be normal that everyone (!) has this possibility Increase possibilities that people interact with low threshold, eg offer fruits/healthy snacks and good coffee, tea which invites people to stay a bit in the coffee corner and exchange among each other. This will be especially crucial if we start to go back to the offices, a lot of people left and joined MSD - we need to find each other again
keeping careful watch for unconscious bias
Take care of your employees and patients with all the means at your fingertips.
Keep going in the direction its going
Get to understand more of each individual in your team, especially the challenges that they are facing and think of ways to overcome it rather tolerate it.
Poor HR support and policies. No transparency on HR matters and proper escalation path. HR professionals need to acknowledge the problem and provide appropriate support to employees. Especially to the AP regional staffs based at Tuas who are often neglected by the company and HR.
More opportunity to promotion
MSD is the best company I ever worked for.  Working for an Ethical Company is very important to me.  Being Ethical in everything you do is important and I always say that we are the Book Cover for yourself as a person, for your family as well as for your Company you are representing.
Do not support showing off by the team members if something is not relevant or not helpful to the process. Work on security system as I have like 5 different passwords which are changing each 3 months, can't be the same and need to be different each time. There is no official password wallet which could be used so people are stored it anyway not in safest way as it is impossible to remember. Thank you!
invest in their employee's, try to keep procdures simple but effective.
invest in IT resources to make digitalization happening.  For many new technologies project it takes month or years to get IT resources or to get it into a high level tier, which is delaying the projects and therefore the beneficials of this new outcome.
Continue  towards being more a bottoms up  company , ensuring the key business goals and milestones are being developed and taken ownership at people level.
less hierachies, less influence from other countries, bonus on country level
Try to reduce the procedural complexity of some of the electronic systems. Some have become so complex that it is delaying actions and impacting performance. The systems are off the shelf but once within MSD each year there are procedural updates which are making them too complex to actually complete the tasks required. MSD should look at trying to simplify our electronic systems e.g. GCM and make them more user friendly.
Keep going and don't be afraid to accept new challenges.
ensure that a plan is in place to vaccinate employees
Create clearer paths to upskilling and career development. Support opportunities for leadership. Recognize and correct behaviors that people of color/minorities face and the intersectionality of biases combined with gender. Provide candid feedback from more than one level up regarding the value and applications of new capabilities so efforts are in line with department senior management strategies. This would be helpful if done more frequently. Support/be flexible with employees attending department meetings for other subgroups in the department and conferences that are directly in line with their assigned tasks/priorities. Role responsibilities should be more commensurate with band level. If an employee is assigned with performing/leading tasks with an expected level of independence of higher band levels based on department guidelines then clear justification should be provided as to why they are at a lower level. Positive year end reviews don't seem to align with career growth.
Invest and continue to invest in the people who are go above and beyond to make Merck great and deliver on our mission.
When maternity/sick leaves are expected the people that is required to be hired should be hired earlier to avoid workload and some trainings in mylearning are not required  to work only 6 months, the person who is hired spent like 2 months for training and it is not efficient.
open listening to FF team
keep seeking for ways to support our people to keep a good work-life balance
Being more transparant on future perspectives and growth/development.
having the right motivators/mentors/managers/team leaders is important since this influences directly all the people & work environment below them
Revise CMC-509X Exception 39 to allow automation changes which do NOT impact regulatory filing to forego 6-week regulatory review process.  The current procedure prevents automation systems from being remediated in a timely manner which prevents the process from running as intended and reduces overall process efficiency.  The inability to remediate known issues is demoralizing and promotes a negative atmosphere in the work place.
Secure the appropriate resources.
Continue to work on breaking down all silos.
The company needs to stay as great an employer as it is now.  The ability to work from home or from the office at the employee's request.
Manage the employee workload better and introduce stock purchase schemes/programs for employees to enable them to become proud shareowners of the Company.
Don't use 20 different programs which are hard to find and all for different purpose. There is not one clear start page at our PC that is easy to use and direct u easily to find what you want. It is one big experience if you try to find something you don't use very often. To much choices and no result. Which lead to irritation every day ( I see that around me) We use a program for free day's, one for my learning, another for our priorities, than we have the team sites, the green guide and more and more and more. So we spent a lot of time searching for the wright pages, I think this is a giant waste of time.
1. Allocate more resource to remainco after spin-off; 2. Enhance HR's functionality to coach / connect the big team
Keep doing what you have been doing for the past few years.Iam happy with the progress and communication in general. just be careful during CAO negotiations.We did not forget the way of discarding the value of 95% of the union employees during the time MSD shut down most activities in Oss.From our perspective the company then bribed a few people who had to leave anyway with a few 1 time euro's extra to get a huge paycut for the rest of the employees. the way that was done felt humiliating and the effect was that we felt to work for just a big oversees company, instead of "our" company what we in the past were willing to put extra effort in.Ifeel the trust is being regained by the company and i see more and more people willing and performing the extra step.If MSD does that again it will loose a lot of momentum that is building up now. so, negotations and decisions, fine. but not behind our backs please.We want the company to do well because we want to work here until retirement,my2cents
Work life balance
Understand lower level employee's concerns not at higher level employee's concerns. Go in-depth to understand the lower level employee's concerns.
Highlight the good work that we have done as a company in terms of R&D of new drugs, CSR efforts for the community and continued pulse check with colleagues on the ground
MSD and managers are stressing that work life balance is very important, especially in challenging times during this COVID pandemic. However, while working on different COVID projects (V59X) and moving around between projects expectations were to be online all the time. In this case I think MSD should make a bigger effort in actually do what they are saying.
Simplify processes, empower local offices more, and remove unnecessary barriers for faster decision making.
focus on people to create a more empowered organization
Live up to the mantra of work life balance. It is stated however not practiced.
I know that MSD is well aware but politics sometimes win over the better decision for the business. Hope that this changes more and more in the future. Next to that, even though I am suggesting changes/thinking outside the box. If it has been done 10yrs like this at MSD, they are mostly not willing to change or you really have to try hard to make it happen.
Less online meetings and more asynchronous work.
Live the WOWs and really value diversity. as is highly regulated, there appears to be a FEAR to try something new and  some senior managers always bring up bad past experiences and steer solution to their idea - rather than allowing team real input.
more work life balance (encourage manager level & subordinate level to not work until late night). need to balance each person job scope
To be more agile in retaining talent people by being more flexible in promotions and recognition programs  To skeep pipeline alternatives
Be more open about future plans and understand the impact of sweeping changes on individual roles.  Provide employees with an opportunity to have input in to significant changes and understand how they impact on their roles.
Given the COVID-19 situation of the last year I would advise that once possible a significant investment is done on teambuilding exercises/events. Not necessarily focussed on a team only dynamics, but also focussed on cross-division, cross-region, cross-business - IT dynamics.
Further Empower local country on their decision rights(i.e. investment etc)
More room for experimentation that is sometimes frustrated by company policies and standards.
I think that there is a desire to use MPS principles and digital technology to improve our work processes and better utilize our resources.  However, I do not see effective implementation of these systems/technologies and therefore we have not realized the potential benefits.  In addition, when implementing new digital tools we often do not re-examine the underlying business processes.  If these processes are inherently inefficient, then new digital software will not fix the problem.  Processes should be reviewed and updated to remove waste prior to implementation of the new digital tool.  We also have many IT systems that do not interface with each other and therefore we need people to copy data from one system and enter in another system, this is also wasteful.  For example QC QUADS for monthly metrics, people are sending spreadsheets out by email, then other people have to review the spreadsheets and copy data, perform calculations and upload to QUADS.  This should be automated.
- Leaders should hear the feedback and not just do what they think is right.  - Working processes should be more flexible, transparent, and logical for employees.  - More attention to working processes, collaboration instead of other things not related to pharma
Continue with flexibility and blended working.  Keep working to have the customer central to decisions made to be truly customer centric. Work towards simplifying processes to make employees feel truly empowered
Simplify the ways of working in all business layers so you create  more uncluttered /streamlined cross functional /business processes. A lot of newly introduced processes which seemingly have a lot of interfaces are all induvidually introduced which blocks the bird eye view
It would be great if the messages delivered by upper management (CEO, CPO, head of MRL, etc...) trickled down to individual line managers in day to day interactions. I know upper management says we need to take care of ourselves and our families and that our health matters but in practice, the work demands are still very high, tasks still need to be completed at top speed, the expectations to perform at top level are still there and there is a lack of compassion for those who still have to manage child care and work full time (especially when your manager's personal situation differs from your own).
Simplify processes with less digital systems and adapt "legal & compliance standards" to the changing environment.  Let's focus on hospitals, as they are our main customers, using a Business to Business approach. And develop Account  Based Marketing to support Account Management.
Show appreciation to the employees for their achievements
Speaking-up is expected of everyone and is very important to follow, but I think leaders don't put enough focus on creating an "easy-to-speak-up" environment.  I think this is also important, not just asking "pls. speak-up" but also showing through actions that it's ok to do so (i.e. not getting angry when someone has a different opinion, etc).
Employees should be asked for feedback, but the MSD culture is not to inform upper managers because it has consequences, better to write "everything is perfect" and to discuss serious problems among us. Sincerely, no idea what to do other than change company
Make sure that the tools that we use are fit for purpose (clear and efficient work processes). Now systems are created by very good IT people and do not really fit the job. A tool is successful when the users think it is (and not the creators or managers).  Further more we need global tools that do not yet exist. We need a quality maintenance tool for all periodic qualification/validation/assessment activities. It should show the actual quality status of a system/dept/plant/division with a push on a button. Compare it with SAP but then for quality. It is stupid that all sites have to think of a proper quality oversight system for them selves and many many colleagues are spending too much time updating lists and generating and checking overviews.
In a personal POV:  To let me enough confidence to speak about myself with relevant managers / HR team without thinking that it will create negative impression about myself.  The description of my role didn't describe in a pure mind and unfortunately I can't speak about it with the local managers that dealt with that process.
During the time I have worked with the company I have seen production increase greatly, I find it a good place to work but that is partly because I only work four days a week. I think levels of stress for middle management are often allowed to get too high partly due to staffing levels being lower than they should be.
Stimulate innovation in drug/vaccine development process by removing unnecessary administrative barriers along the way.
work and life balance
Driving greater consistency in our standards, working environments and work demands / resource availabilities across the markets and divisions of entire company.
Currently job security is top of mind for me considering the restructure that is taking place. I would like to see steps that secure our business and ensure long terms job security.
Focus more individually on employees. If the manager doesn't understand the technical parts of his/her people jobs fair enough (the manager doesn't have to fully understand) in such case using more empathy towards his/her people would definitely help keeping the stress levels on minimum.
Lower boundaries for improvements Streamline and accelerate change control process Utilize DI for better ways of working instead of prohibiting processes Install less bureaucratic processes. Get back entrepreneurship on all working levels
- Open mind communication from the top management, HR (a see a lot of politics)) - Think twice before new restriction implementation (e.g. GIF restriction in our social media - good intentions, very bad communicated and easy to avoid)
There needs to be a change in how data is shared (it's not efficient right now), less reliance on Excel for important systems (should be a dedicated system instead of a shared spreadsheet in many cases), improvement in IT reliability and replacement of outdated systems. This is a very science driven company which is great, some modernization in advancing our work and removing bureaucracy would go a long way.
Improve worklife balance
I already shared my wish about the fact that MSD/Merck should be more involved in environmental initiatives.  I also think that the company should review the internal processes to be more flexible, more agile. Our development process is too long and it seems that other compaines are better than us in this key aspect of our business. We need to change our thinking on this aspect, for the company but also for the patients.
keep working with managers and employees to improve from all point of view
stop talking about being agile and digital. accept the fact that we are behind our peer companies. start restructuring to get ready for the present/future and expand our data and science units. every major (and minor) company has a nordic RWE team by now. refocus on millenial motivation. create a more creative work space. make people feel in control and support them
stres and work life ballance
Keep it going like this!
Leadership Team should have more shared goals instead of chasing their own goals that are not in line with other department goals. People working with them are in conflict because of this. We should more appreciate the work that is done on operational level than celebrating successes of the metrics(and the people who are using them).
continue the established trend
In my day-to-day work, I sometimes feel there are many levels / steps that I need to go though to reach out to clients. If I can easily have a direct connection with clients, hearing what are their needs and what are the gaps to be filled in, it will help me a lot to provide better learning solutions and make the process more efficient and robust.
Improve work life balance will be great
Continue to work on work-life balance of employees. Some people are having the agenda that is above 100% of headcount. Revise the responsibilities and cluster some of them.
let people bring new and fresh ideas
focus on innovation and wellbeing of the employees
Merck should look into more electronic SPP's and less paper. We are very environment conscious but we use a lot of paper that could be better kept electronically. When I say Merck I am referring to our site, unfortunately I am not aware of how other sites operate.
I completely support Merck's and MSD strategy focusing on employees. Company cares about mental health of each and every and I am really proud of it. It would be great if company follows this way of doing things in the future.
I think that improvement is needed in two main areas - Marketing-medical cooperation and better communication between management and other employees. Work life balance also requires improvement.
- Flexible working location/home office after COVID - Ensure strong pipeline and M&A activities to secure company future - Reduce the Silos between MRL and Commercial -
Appropriate number of personnel for the workload. Increased empowerment and decision-making at lower levels in the organisation. Look for opportunities for improvement vs rigidity. Systems that actually work and reflect reality (eg not Supplier Transparency)
reduce administrative burdens, to interlink systems where possible to avoid double entry of data, reduce technical issues of systems which do not work correctly and solving of technical issues takes time
Doing positions in 2in1, 3in1 is not the right way from long-term view (talented people are leaving the company, what has a negative impact on us). Employees can do it for few months, but not for ages. We should respect people, and ensure the human resources for key positions. We are talking constantly about work-life balance, but the changes are small, and not even sufficient.
MSD should look to streamline and innovate systems & WoW to remove redundant or laborious tasks where possible. It should continue with flexible workplaces and also flexible locations as this pandemic has shown it doesn't matter where we sit (country, office etc.) we all do our jobs well and flexibility will allow employees to have that better work-life balance.
adapt work and business targets to align with global challenges
better portfolio management and allignment of quality organisation, a lot of quality org to work with.  also re organizize IT, thats drama with too much diffrent opinions , QA IT, MMD IT, local IT, a lot of contractors : resulted in a inefficient IT organization which is alos expensve. If we want to get to Expedition 25 we have to get the IT part correct.
I believe Merck has lot of resources to address the world's most urgent needs. Therefore, the company could engage more in various collaborations with NGOs (as we do for example through Fellowship for Global Health) or could launch more support programs similar to Mectizan Donation Program. Also, it would be awesome if there would be more ways to contribute to these collaborations/programs for Merck/MSD people from all around the globe (I work in IT, I am based in Czech Republic, and I am not aware of more possibilities than Fellowship for Global Health).
Allow and encourage people development instead of blocking professional evolution.
Live WoW.
make the coffee corner a place to relax (now: old, grey, same interior for 30 years)
CSR that helping out those who are in needs. A lot people are losing job currently due to the pandemic, maybe have some programs that helping out those patient who are not able to afford for the medication
REDUCIR LA CARGA DE TRABAJO ADMINISTRATIVA / BUROCRÁTICA
I feel the company should stronger insist on a good work/life balance. But for me I am currently OK with that.
The company should encourage more people development outside of their designated areas.
Im happy to work here, thanks for all supports and missions.
Keep your employees safe and healthy
More team building days to promote cross-departmental engagement.
Continue to support us in the way that you have.
Find ways to decrease the stress
Keep encouraging work/life balance and keep providing the resources necessary to achieve that.
The company is doing well in my humble opinion.
Continue to put innovation at the forefront of out actions. Start partnering with external companies to address healthcare needs in emerging economies
Not so many tools to control and restrict personal engagement and creativity - eg Veeva engage - this tool HCPs do not want because they are overloaded with work and they do not want to dial in at a special time with another tool beside the already learned ones: Webex, MS Teams...
I thing there are a lot of procedures that can be simplified. It is easy to add complicated procedures that lead to more complicated process and confusion within the team, but to make complicated process simple is something that we should  strive to that direction.
I think right now everything works well for me
Divertsity and Inclusionの継続。
improve HR Management involvement in monitoring actual skills and performances of employees
We need to understand what we has Foundational Platforms need to build. We have great capabilities but right now what we are supposed to build for our customers is up in the air. In this vacuum we are trying to make sense of our mission and vision on our own by scouting for business opportunities that be beneficial for all divisions. I feel this last aspect (identifying what to build and for which business problem) should be articulated through a formal process at the CTO level (not at FP level). This is missing right now and I hope LT addresses this.
To let the employees know the whole pictures of the company and where they are
Ressources /support on administrative tasks like making POs, MAH event, T/E's etc. is taking up a lot of time. My time being in the field and executing projects which influences the sales is better spend.
continue working on family conciliation in times of pandemic like the one we are experiencing
Remain focused on the vision, continue to be Agile and have iterative approach on people, processes and products.  Continue to build and outside-in approach for both external and internal customers (even if it 'sounds' oxymoron for the latter!) Stay relevant and show it !
The company is already a great place to work, but I consider we need to have a more areas of investment and ensure a more diversified portfolio and pipeline.
Investing in people
provide more supports and give clear path up in career
Practice what they preach - discrimination within the work place remains an issue. senior management need to be open-minded to suggestions
being more open to different ways of doing things, if we want to be commercially focused site, we have to find faster and less complicated ways of getting paper work through systems, eg HAZOPs, GCMs, QRAs. All of these take months and months to complete, we need to make processes more simplified and streamlines whilst still adhering to regulation. perhaps benchmarking against other companies who introduce fast NPIs would be a good idea.
ı always felt as a part of MSD although l was hired as outsourced previously. ı am satisfied with benefits, career opportunities provided by MSD.
simplify the internal processes to make them easier to navigate and more flexible - eg COUPA and COMET
To get everybody vaccinated so we can go back to doing business as usual.... #gettingtiredofcovid
From the moment that we realized that the restrictions around quarantine are here to stay, you should have allowed us to take some equipment from the office to work better from home: office chairs and monitors. Giving us for couple of months 750czk is nothing.
It needs to bridge the gap between digital and process....by clearly defining and simplifying its processes. Business analysts can help and the the manufacturing or laboratory spaces defining clearly the operational requirements and mapping these back to digital opportunities is the best way forward.  In relation to staff ...it is critical to nurture and grow the talent pool.   In relation to solutions...it is important to build flexibility and growth capability.  I have a data bias but there is a real need to centralize data management at site level before store forward to the enterprise data set. The most important piece is to make the data available to support informed decision making. Realtime review of CPP/CQA is possible if we set the goal to get this data into a data set we can analyze! have a nice day!
Do not ignore the support function which are under extreme time pressure most of the year. Most of tasks are done for the sake of meeting the deadlines rather that generating the value.
Our printers needs to be replaced as they are causing such frustration and has been a Department issue for >year now and it is preventing us from doing efficient work in a prompt matter.  Job opportunities are also very limited due to BEE.
The global team should be more focused on improvements all over the sites and less dealing with current issues. There should be the possibility to be more active (fitness) during work, perhaps some sitting balls or stretching bands in the offices.
Simplification of processes
continue as we are currentlly doing
Put more effort on moving from Silos to networks.
I think MSD have come a long way in transforming in to a great place to work and I truly believe it is a fantastic company to work with. If I were to focus on an area that I see as being unfair it would be the lack of progression opportunities within a number of business units. Responsibility and workload within your role can increase but grading remains the same, eventually resulting in salary compression. Bench marking of roles, resulting in the reduction of a salary band, without being able to share any evidence for that reduction.
I think company should announce officially about head cut plan and how about my future at MSD. Now the information is not clearly so not only me but also my colleagues are concerning and worrying.
Reduce amount of bureaucracy for sales and marketing teams
We're on a good way,  /  Wir sind auf gutem Weg.
Continue to engage in your Ways of Working
stop using temporary workers and give people a structural job for positions that are not temporary. 7/20 colleagues of my dept. have an "external contract" and have been working with us for several years on a structural position. they are being excluded from benefits MSD employees do benefit from. the whole structure of "temporary employment" on structural functions are being abused and cause for great unhappiness among all colleagues. The general vibe of this sensitive issue is that "it's no use to report this anymore, they won't listen and are not willing to change it anyway".
Simplify processes or have internal processes experts to help colleagues build their projects and overcome this enormous obstacle that is very demotivating.
well being and balance
Investment in enabling employees to do their roles (education, training, equipment, tools, etc)
Provide home office allowance to purchase office equipment.
Outside Merck and MSD - Connect with different societies to deliver and support diversity and inclusion. Inside Merck and MSD  - Exchange and sharing, work together with different functional teams / cross countries.
Reduction of information "noise" and crystallization of processes/tasks to increase key resource - time availability for employees.
Ensure workload is being evaluated for each site, and subsequently each employee, to ensure people do not get burnt out. Being "stretched" is a necessary part of growth; however, too much work and/or responsibility can place unnecessary strain on individuals.
outside of work team activities
hard-working; passion; balance the live and work
The pandemy could give the opportunity to the company to be the leader in re-defining our ways of working in terms of flexibility in time/venue (eg. possibility to choose remote/office work. Flexible working hours considering different timezones. Allow for Job sharings or other forumulas to make job done but allow some people to reduce amount of working hours)
Half day on Fridays- all colleagues well deserve this!
employees first
In India every leader work in Field employees then should know the Field,what’s going on in market.But I am Field employee,I am responsible that and I always positive mindset my work. other country I don’t know the work culture.
Continue to benchmark compensation against other companies. Employees will  continue to leave if this is not done on an ongoing basis.
more people to get the job done and have time left to focus on (personal) developments.
More resources to hire staff. I am currently snowed under with the amount of work required for MSD and Organon and I am finding it difficult to stay on top of the work. This then makes it more difficult to take my annual leave so I think the stress is having a negative affect on my health.
using the current pandemic dynamic as a propeller, leverage more on the flexibility of working going forward (work from home, flexibility in time etc) and it will be great to have more support on infrastructure for working from home
Keep focusing on patient-centric culture, people development, diversity, and inclusion
Continue to ask employees about their needs to facilitate the balance between professional and personal life as you are doing until now
Endeavour to remove the barriers that slow us down. We need to be a speed boat not an oil tanker. Sometimes I feel we are way to cautious. Simplify the language within the SOPs sometimes SOPS contain contradictions. Could I take this opportunity to thank the UK LT they have been incredible throughout this pandemic. I have never felt so connected and a part of this incredible company.
Succeed in reducing bureaucracy. Simplify and reduce project and process approval time. Be more patient-oriented, patient-centered
More room for experimentation with digital tools, trying out a new software or tool is hardly impossible.
I have been impressed with Ken Frazier's public response to racial injustice. I hope that Robert Davis will continue, even expand, on this.   I hope that remote working and flexibility will continue to be an option for those who are able to work off site once Covid restrictions end. If not I will reconsider my position within the company.  I hope that all sites will have their IT infrastructure continually invested in.  I would like to see a scheme where employees could take up to 3 months unpaid leave every 4-5 years with their managers permission. I believe that this would help employees balance their life goals with their careers and improve staff retention.
Reduce the number of internal meetings and training - focus on those that are really necessary for a certain role.
simplify the non primary processes: change control, purchasing etc. + the digital landscape of Merck/MSD is a jungle.
Continue working on listening the voice of employees in order to be able to understand the actual concerns/problems to solve and support/sponsorship from the management in continuous improvement projects to enable more efficient/straight through processes. Now with covid situation, the main of people is working remotely from home... here in Spain, in Madrid Office there is a canteen with healthy and good food.. It will be great if the company could give some support to the employees in this way
Be more transparent, org. chart, what each org do, how can we help, how it is all connected
Fewer procedures and a faster IT legal department
Highlight the risk of unconscious bias specially with people managers  Performing 360 survey for people managers
Continue to ensure we thrive by empowering and supporting the workforce to balance work and family.  Continue to encourage staff to bring their whole selves to work and celebrate the value a diverse workforce brings. Consider creating further opportunities for roles to be delivered as a work from anywhere model to support retention of talent where living and working in London is not an option.  Consider strengthening the value of our volunteering policy encouraging staff to take up this opportunity to develop new skills and not only thrive personally but bring those experiences back to the organisation.
I think it is critical that MSD continues to implement diversity and inclusion across the business.  I am encouraged by how MSD already places diversity and inclusion at the heart of its strategy and mission but believe there is always more that we can do
Every level of the company needs to feel comfortable to show/visualize problems, our people are afraid to show a red status. Leaders need to encourage and support this change in mindset.
MSD is a great place to work and the company is always at the forefront of innovations to enhance the workplace environment
Sufficient IT resources to enable digitization. Our leaders want us to accelerate digitization, but my impression is that IT resources are being reduced.
1-Gain more Employees loyalty & trust
Add more meeting rooms, or telephone rooms, set up mobile office spaces.
listen to our customers
I might suggest that flexible working policy is discussed by HR in our Town Hall meetings for office-based staff who are nervous to come back to an office environment this year.
- Communications - they are long and often done for the sake of communications. They should be short and focused on actions - Strategy - what is our next bold move, where should we invest disproportionally? - MRL - we are super excited about our research, but most of the big products we have are coming from M&A. What is really disruptive we got from the lab last time?  - Transparency on job postings and promotions - Clear marketing career pathway - from undergrad to marketing leads - Risk taking - if the risk impact is low, accept the risk and move forward (e.g. the fine for potential incorrect messaging is 3k USD, but this risk blocks completely a 200-300k USD campaign from going live) - Working with patients and HCPs - be more open from Medical and Compliance perspective to new ways to communicate and not be fixated around old SOPs (e.g. PV asked our provider to install a FAX (!!!) because email is not secure enough to transfer data (!!!)
Introduce more regulatory intelligence forums that allows people to know and understand the various roles functional groups have in medicine access. Forums need to be very high level, easy to understand by all.  Currently in todays world, only the privileged will be preview to all of the diverse functions and work available in the world.  I think that these intelligence forums will be beneficial internally to allow current employees to know where to progress in their careers. This is also something that can be potentially available to the public, to drive in the right young talents.
Better prioritize. Do more "right first time" than "continuous course correcting".
Train people well end give them the right tools to do their job well. Listen to people instead of instead of trivializing everything. And please do stop with the inspires program. This is only demotivating for a lot of people!!!!!
Better align objectives across different divisions. For example EMEA Hub and ExM.
Although changes are inevitable and needed, MSD should make more effort to allow employees feel they are needed not just now but also in the future. Recruiting processes should be faster, we have lost many good candidates because they have had to wait embarrasingly long time.
Much more and soon as possible pipelines
Communicate the Merck and MSD future
Deliver the transformation in IT which has been many times promised. Support modern ways of working by removing legacy barriers and modernizing teams working old-school way.
strong R&D and BD
Keep putting customers first. Ensure that we gather all opinions/views in the diversity and inclusion discussions. Enable colleagues to work from the home-office also after COVID.
Stay open minded, communicate changes in a timly manner and embed all employees.
for the home work we need desk and chairs
Give more welfare to MSD workers.
Please find bellow the points should MSD following to make a great place to work at the Company : •	Employee empowerment. Allowing team members to make customers happy using their own discretion and common sense, for everything from greeting and welcoming customers to problem solving, can benefit your company. •	Excellent communication between management and staff. A sense of family among team members. •	Giving employees the freedom to learn and grow. A culture of continuous improvement.         •	Paying attention to employee recognition and appreciation and having a special way to recognize and honor good work. •	Recognizing that laughter and fun on the job can make a difference in the way the job is done.
Nothing comes to my mind yet, as I am very new to the company (7 weeks). I can say, though, that we should CONTINUE having space to ask questions. This is a big asset in the company.
The expectation to work beyond a 39 hour week should be the exception rather than the norm
Ensure adequate resources are available in each area.
stabilize structures for more than 1 year , identify future needs ahead of time and drive employee development into those future skillset
A better balanced scorecard based evaluation
Continuing to embrace diversity and inclusion approach Continue to define solid development plans for key talent
Dedicated training facilities for new Merck employees both union and salaried.
The MSD will have a great future as company to work.
organize more staff activities
Allow flexibility within the workplace. Continue a work from home policy at least 2 days a week even post COVID
more fast development of women into leading positions
To consider that offshore people work around US time, and set meeting around US convience. To be more open with no native english speakers.
Promote employees' ownership and set high productivity, quality and compliance standards.
Availability of more permanent or longer term temporary contracts at MSD would help to maintain resources at the level needed to achieve the targets of the company
Improving workload distribution
Reduce organisational hierarchy and complexity
Ensure that IT systems are aligned and transfer information from one department to another, breaking down silos here as well. To little oversight and direction, little leadership in IT, on which we all depend. The company is held together by excel sheets, manually.
I think a really careful look at our internal systems from a user perspective and ensure there is seamless and easy to user journey for compliance, anti-corruption and material review so that meeting our obligations to audit and warrant our ethics is as easy and quick as it can be. Currently I would say on a pure systems level more than half of my productive time is sunk into managing systems to do that rather than the job I am here to do. Often it leads us to reject undertaking the best course of action because we know it is undeliverable merely due to the amount of time and difficulty of navigating MSD systems involved.  The other thing MSD could do is really look hard at the language it uses especially when communicating with patients and patient organisations - I feel we need to strive for simplicity and empathy in communication more than we do and not trample over the emotional reaction the lexicon we use as an organisation has in pursuit of perfect and full factual disclosure.
Focus on expanding MPS knowledge and experience
Simplify the processes. It takes a long time to get small tasks completed
Have a better concept of inclusion and transparency on a broader scale to help everyone feel that they matter and area a part of MSD's long term plan, not only employees but other stakeholders as well.
not to lose current level of things done for the people.
Rumor has it there use to be store perks. Instead of meal passes the company use to give money (credit) to the store on site. Can use towards Merck swag! in my opinion that would be better. it would boast moral. Employees on off shifts and ones that really do not eat lunch here could benefit also.
the company should continue to place the right person for  the right task.  this is not done at times and may jeopardize the organization goals and inefficiencies may creep in.
We need to stay on the digital roadmap and ensure it is delivered.  While some progress has been made in this area there is alot more to be done which if executed successfully will make the job much easier.  There are still some areas of work that could be digitalised that are not yet on the road map such as how we manage country specific specifications - there would be alot to be gained by making this process more digital and integrated with ORION or whatever regulatory system that is tracking approval of specifications/submissions in the market.  The true North should be that the country specific specification should be created in IPI and provided to CMC for submission and once the specification update or OMA is approved in a market and the ORION event is marked as approved it should automatically make the specification live in IPI - this will ensure the country specific specification are current and up to date in real time.
Be more open to flexible working hours and flexible ways of working for lab-based staff.
Truly look at empowering people and teams to take ownership, work collectively at enterprise level and make decisions at the lowest possible level of the organization. Eliminate the company divisions, be more enterprise focused from the top and drive a focus on the customer as a means of prioritizing and simplifying how we work. Radically overhaul the organization to make it leaner, less bureaucratic, and eliminate the waste that exists by having too many above site groups that overlap and slow down decision making and progress
A better comunication between the Departments; Review the sales force demand and mental healthy
Focus on the business and stay out of politics.  Stop telling me what my beliefs should be.
Flexible working complexity reduction  Talent retention
Continue to incentivize and encourage continuing education, certification, licensing, etc.
More mentoring/networking opportunities with people from other factories/buildings. More opportunities to visit other sites (post COVID)
Let non-essential employees work from home going forward unless there is a business need that requires them to be in person.
Improve leadership, unify WoW to all and open the mind of managers
Local concern with employees well being from theory/speech to practice/concrete actions
Further Ways of Working and D&I
Diversify the portfolio by integrating advanced technology and research like focusing on cell and gene therapy and drug devise technology, leveraging and capitalizing ICH concepts in quality so serve patient needs more quickly and efficiently.
Stop activities that take away employee sense of belonging and ownership.  For example, the open concept office areas where employees do not have a desk to call their own and put a photo of their family down upon.  We spend the best pat of our lives pouring the best of ourselves into our work at Merck.  Why insult us with petty office space policies?  Also, spend some resources on improving the interior of the buildings in which we work.  We seem to do a good job with landscaping to give the exterior of our site good curb appeal, meanwhile a lot of the interiors of our buildings a worn and run down looking.  Feeling good about our work environment is a morale booster and will probably make people more energized and productive.
Consult front lines more before making major changes, new programs, - example dumping Jabber for Teams
1- Continue to invest in R&D and ensure equitable access to patients 2- Walk the talk of the new ways of working & MSD values through the company Presidents. I see that currently it is a bottom-up approach and that leaders are lagging behind as compared to the country organization. Invest more in the mindset transformation or the regional presidents & regional teams to truly break the silos and ensure the empowerment of the teams.
Keep protecting employees, being respectful and generating commitment Keep focusing on patients and customer needs Evolve Policies to real live needs, new channels, data & analytics arena, etc Reinforce honest leaders that ensure diversity and speak up in the teams, instead of directional approach
The senior leadership at my plant needs to talk the the ones in production to get the honest answers. Managers just tell them what they want to hear and make it sound like they are doing a good job and we are all happy. Also I think it's very unfair that I have to take vacation to get Covid tested and vaccinated.
Complicated, burdensome SOPs and processes are a drag on performance. The product pipeline doesn't seem as rosy as the pictured painted by the company.
Connecting with us on the ground level - more visibility and less hierarchal barriers.  Mostly its a great place to contribute.
Stay true to their values Make sure we develop our why and our purpose at work Keep having an extraordinary culture of teaming, sharing and innovating Keep experimenting on more efficient ways of working Challenging procedures and existing ways of doing things. Make people to stay relevant  People Upskilling and reskilling    Keep true with the patient commitment
Ensure more focus on inclusion for ALL in addition to efforts on diversity which are demographically driven.
Applying on a day to day basis the MSD value and reconnaissance to personnal contribution to our mission
Create development areas for employees, leverage digital in the best possible way, reevaluate pipeline products
Merck is an amazing place to work.
The workload is extremly high. There is no time for something else than the daily work.  Furthermore, flexibility in working arrangements would bring more satisfation. Part-time working for example is nearly impossible.
Continue to innovate in our ways of working. Continue to grow in E,D&I.
Work life balance could be better. Really enjoyable and rewarding place to work with great people. Accerated programmes make it very busy and long hours required.
take less work or recruit more
Support employees through the remaining of the pandemic
More flexibility. I am entitled to take unpaid parental leave, but I am actively discouraged from doing this. It is easily available for others in a similar role to me.
tell us what will happen after Organon split
Develop a compelling office matrix environment
Reduce bureaucracy and simplify processes
Diversity and inclusion is not a slogan said by leadership team. They need to walk the talk.
invest in mobile technologies, apps that we can work using our mobile devices.
Ensure evryone has a mentor. Starting at MSD whilst working at home in the current climate is a challenge and is very difficult if you do not have a mentor who reaches out and takes the time to bring you into the team on an ongoing basis.
Keep up it as a great place to work at
Care about people, not just talking about the measures in place to support. It is not realistic to expect people to do 10-12 hours most days. Yes we prioritise but I am only doing priority tasks. It is also not great for career development to do the same things over and over again, because nobody else can help. In my division there is no culture of care for people or their career development.
Some items take too long to come to fruition. I recently supported a  ritual conference where I borrowed a laptop from headquarters. It took at least four phone calls to the helpdesk to find out the status. The submission of the conference for approval, took a long time for compliance to approve. I believe the process took about six weeks.  Another item that takes a very long time is a submission to Veeva.It may be a week before someone reaches back out from the Veeva team to answer a question the helpdesk could not.  It takes a fair amount of dogged persistence to get answers sometimes.   That being said, I value my position at Merck very much. I enjoy working with my teammates. I get a lot of satisfaction helping or assisting others with questions they may have. I would not trade this position for anything :-) My manager always supports my initiatives in the field when it come to compliantly driving business.
Allow change control to happen sooner and easier
Take care of people!
Merck and MSD has come a long way in the time I have worked here in terms of hiring more females to close the gender gap, but we can do a better job of promoting women in the same manner we promote men.  Occurs that men have less bureaucracy to go through to get a promotion versus women have to apply for a new job to get a promotion or jump through hoops and prove over and over again that they are capable of the next level. If we want to foster a sense of belonging and inclusion for women, especially women from UEG, Merck and MSD needs to improve here and take a leap of faith on women.
continue evolving staying tuned to current dynamic environment and needs of the employees
Look forward, not backwards, allow young and fresh mind overcome old limitations and fears.
Develop the talent on the sites instead of letting experience and knowledge walk out the door. A lot of leaders on site do not understand the importance of talent development and it shows. Develop career plans for each employee.
Institute a looking after your health policy certain companies have vendors who deliver healthy lunches when your are at the office, offer vitamin supplements to employees to boost immune systems, offer sessions with a psychologist to assist with dealing with stress & home situations that might impact on work, offer staff a duvet day when you are burned out & just need a time out per quarter, give staff a day off on their birthdays. Valued employees always go the extra mile
Allow personal and financial grow for employees within their original roles, which they exceeded (duties have changed during the course of time, but position / role not), without the need for applying for different position.
Focus on sales and r+d
try to streamline bureaucracy
Staying healthy
To realize that to do more with less there should be automation in place or other available resources to be able to do it or to accept that quality levels will be lower and accept the risk of doing so.
Focus on increased credible branding/public visibility and ensuring MSD is continuing to become more visible to help people feel greater pride for working with MSD.  Review how we fund Inspire as need to move budget above 0.5%.  Increased focus on formal team building and (hopefully) post Covid in a face to face environment.  While we have made Teaming tools available we have limited and reduced facilitation of this type of development (was championed via L&D).
Continue the great job
I see company is performing well regarding this topic and no more from my side.
1) diversify our portfolio; 2) I find new talent are advancing in the organization and have an expectation to advance before learning the skills need to be effective future leaders.
Merck Durham does not appear to be concerned with making Merck a great place to work for their shop floor Coaches.  There is a continued increase in work load and yet the dead lines only get shorter.  We do not pay to hire experience operators, so there is a revolving door with bringing in Contractors, training them, hiring them for full time, giving them the experience they need to go get more money somewhere else (This creates additional work and strain on the Coaches). In addition to this, but as a result, we are perpetually short staffed of qualified individuals.  Coaches, as well, are not compensated for the work they MUST do from home.
This is a great company, the Department where I work has really interesting projects and by working here I am learning new things all the time. My experience is constantly growing. But if I should suggest a step to improve it would be salaries, at least at our site this is a matter of concern for many of us.
Continue the commitment to a research based company and identify new opportunities to bring promising lead drug and vaccine candidates into the pipeline.
As a whole Merck is doing great at progressing for the future. My site, however, is focused too much on safety to the point where all of the programs being implemented are having the opposite result.  There is too much red tape and politics involved in things going on behind the scenes.
Steer clear from the political game, it will end up costing the company in the long run.
Continue to invest in life saving and improving medicines and vaccines.  Merck labs need to product more drugs that have commercial value.
Listen much more carefully to any concerns from the employers
continue to create a flexible environment with working remotely anywhere on the globe
accelerate the digital transformation (reduce time to implement solutions broadly) Simplify our processes further- still too many NVA admin tasks, too many systems (5/6..) to support one E2E process Sponsor  a Push mode for faster standardization to get ROI quicker
Provide better laptops and update them more frequently.  Offer more flexible hours (year-long flexible Fridays) to account with the current reality of working from home and the explosion of the "classic" work hours and days.
It is important to move towards unbossed culture. That will further imbibe sense of belongingness in employee.
Please make sure that all infrastructure is working properly and that all updates do not destroy features that are already working. Remember that the group also consists of smaller companies and "one size fits all" is not always the case.  Administrative tasks have become enormously bureaucratic, and a task that previously took 1/2 hour can now take up to several days to complete. (MDG) This takes up time for other daily chores and is unsatisfactory.
Remove as many silos as possible, particularly in the business. Focus on process excellence across the enterprise - how can end users do their jobs more efficiently, more holistically. Enable technology to better enable workers to do their jobs - tech should not be viewed as a barrier for business/end users. Skill up business users to be more technology savvy - not only in basics, but beyond.  They should not be afraid of technology at work but rather embrace it.
Merck and MSD is already a best palace to work, i'm proud to be part of this familly for nearly 7 years.
communicate efficiently
Less TC , Short and more efficient
Celebrate success more. An example if this was that my team and I worked on the Nobilis Salenvac ETC project. No launch of the product was celebrated at Milton Keynes despite the project taking years to complete. We also found out via reading an article on Sync that the product has won best new product award and not from the company leaders
Evaluate the workload across departments.  Evaluate timelines for projects and make them realistic.
Add more digital and other industries best practices into daily operations
continued getting globally by centralizing resouces and standardlizing all processes, then we will have better collaboratoin and also people can efficiently and work independently to achieve all Tasks.
Take the positive changes we have made during COVID lockdown and continue with them. We don’t have to go back to the ways before COVID because we think that is the way it should be.
Better work life balance
More alignment across the network/sites, at the moment every site needs to develop there own processes which means we have difficulty with site-to-site processes. this is very time consuming and inefficient (potentially non-complaint)
I can't think of anything.
I think the company could already install the home office as standard, and when we return to the office only once a week
allow many more opportunities to do 1-y assignments - out of the silos
Focus on effective Training
Ensure efforts to truly hold sites accountable to the culture Merck wants to create and provide the resources to do so. Merck Animal Health sites are essentially glorified poultry processing plants (is that the culture and social responsibility that Merck is trying to create?)
Simplify. Stop over proceduralising every single aspect of life on site.  We are focusing on the wrong things.
Focus on people.  We are in the people business patient, internal/external stakeholders.  I dont believe senior leader of virology cares about people.  I think he cares about numbers first and people secondary.  He's got it backwards.  My DCO and CTL are wonderful and get it.... Secondly is vision, what is the vision for virology.  Our HIV/AIDS medications are past prime.  How much growth does senior management expect from a twice per day medication such as ISENTRESS.  It was FDA approved in 2006.  A once per day version came out few years ago in 2 pills, higher total daily dose than originial and have national market share <1%.  Is there any talk of virology getting into COVID-19 promotional efforts.  There's uncertainty how long this division will survive.
Employee work/life balance is a massive challenge. New WoW and COVID have somehow increased the workload with online meetings and calls which leaves very little time to focus on actual work.
Build trust where there is none and people can speak up without the fear of retaliation from leaders.  Be proactive instead of always reactive.
Some global SOP's are not relevant, or at least appear redundant, in our location. The culture here places great value on personal responsibility and accountability, and some of these SOP's serve to undermine what makes us effective and efficient in the workplace – fragmenting, instead, responsibility, and making the Process more important than the Person. This is a barrier to innovation, and a disincentive to either look for better ways of working or to push beyond what is required by the SOP.
Empower decision making at a lower level  align on the critical needs to succeed in a post pandemic world
Understand the remote workplace better and the expectations that are starting to be standard, earlier and earlier meetings, meetings over lunch.  Other organizations are doing meeting free days, etc.  The recent FOM changes also did not bring the time savings anticipated.
More modern and flexibly working practices. Much, much better use of data
Continue promoting equality and diversity  - it's good to hear the message and know the company is supportive.
I think it would be very helpful to walk the talk on leadership and inclusion of diverse opinion's and perspectives. This would get us away from the "shut up and obey" culture, which does not currently drive experimentation or innovation and seems a little contradictive to being the best place to work. There are so many of us that are engaged, competent and trustworthy employees with a sense of loyalty towards MSD that are on the verge of giving up. I do hope that senior management in my subsidiary would rethink its leadership and make some changes soon.
Invest in technology more
Continue breaking down Silos, Foster one MSD mindset, drive innovation
Give more stock to Employees
Review resource planning and loading across the site organisation to ensure that there are sufficient resources in place to deliver on the key milestones at the site
Merck and MSD has built the system that allows us to work and deliver further on our mission. I see how we can learn and grow thanks our dedication to the patients and through our drive to improve constantly.
Stress scientific accomplishments and knowledge a little more and personalities less.  People excel in my area by being popular and chatty, even if they don't do much.  Brown-nosing goes a long way here.  Management could be a little more resistant to that.
Digitalization is great if it is accompanied with sufficient training and time for people to adapt to use of the tool. So many new tools being introduced that it is making data visible without giving people the time to get to grips with the information, whilst in the mean-time leadership are reacting to the data - causing more churn and stress.
Share in the company’s success by issuing RSUs to lower bands.  They drive the business and are the faces of Merck.
Stock options : ) Work to be more agile. Create a "Merck University" to give employees access to technical training. Software/programming, CRSPR, chemistry constant change requires constant learning.
higher salary, after 5 years of working on this company I am now just above the minimam of my pay grade.
It would be nice if Merck truly embraced inclusion, including diversity of thought, by acknowledging all sides and all thoughts and ideas.
Respect that Merck is only a person's work place and not be invasive to a person's private live.  Merck and its managers are over reaching thier appropriate boundarries
Continue investing in the people and making a stance for the right thing. Silence cannot be acceptable in this day and age - MSD must use it's platform and empower it's employees to continue speaking up and doing the right thing when there are cases of injustice and inequality (relating to issues of race, gender, religion etc).   There must also continue to be strides made in simplification of processes and putting in steps which help enable rather than hinder.
Recognize the impact of increased quality and safety compliance on staff resources, and how it impacts their ability to maintain responsibilities while harmonizing and gap assessing long standing policy/procedures based on a reformatted, but otherwise similar QMS.
Please make it so people have reasonable, stable work.  Continuous improvement shouldn't devolve into chaos and, while we should all embrace change, it should not diminish the the fidelity of our work.
Take into consideration peoples mental heath especially during covid
update the HR policy mandating people stay in their roles for 2 years instead of 1 year. Too much churn has caused too many steps back on progress for major projects. If HR can't make this update, ta memo needs to come from the Leadership Team updating their expectation.
Empower its staff to really challenge / question the current ways of working. Promote an agile way of working not merely in words but in practise. Remove barriers to actually allow staff to work in an agile way. Trust its employees expertise instead of depending on a protocol, SOP, process or procedure dictating how staff should work.
I would suggest that Merck and MSD strongly consider new ways of work in/out of the typical office setting.
DO NOT introduce flexable workplaces when we can finally return to the office.
The measures implementez so far have been very good. The Company cares about people and their health during this difficult time.
I believe we are doing a great job right now, as long as we trust the process and keep moving forward, we will be successful. There is a great team here at the West Point site and people feel valued and know their contributions are important.
I really believe Merck MSD is doing everything well, in a correct path/ way.
Continue to address disparities in minority representation within the organization.
Find more efficient ways to work remotely until we can all get back to a site - Meetings take MUCH LONGER when virtual versus when you can have a quick convo with a co-worker.
Cut out all the frilly crap and be honest with ourselves. We are all here to do a job , not to be best buddies ! We have the people and should ensure we get the best out of them. I respect people with back bone and honesty. I cannot abide a ' smiling  assassin' !
Overall, Merck is a great place to work. I believe ongoing communication is always an important factor along with a continued concentration on the health/safety of all employees.
focus on  the longer term, profit planning and cost savings are reactive
Invest MORE in Discovery and Development of Merck Pipeline.  Hire and retain the best most experienced talent.
Resources for working Home Office, like bandwidth, printers, scanners. Support for mental health
To really hear the voice from the ground level people's feedback with your heart.
The company needs to listen and give the hourly (union) more control of day to day operations.  The company also needs to be more prudent with the Covid situation, and not just go through the motions.  The company tends to ignore the social distancing as far as coming up with practical ways to do training and social distance.  They just seem too removed to make decisions that actually are real life and possible to do in an everyday atmosphere.  Quick to discipline, but not practical in resolving the problem.
Continue full time work at home arrangements for those interested
IT should be more focused on how to better support business needs instead of adding layers of governance barriers and requirements. Invest in people resources in key IT areas. I think our company deserves only the best support, which we do not have currently and we are quite far from it. Overall security approach should transition from old/obsolete way to the modern way of doing it. This is currently quite huge innovation blocker in IT, especially in the transition to cloud.
When priorities have to change, the employees should receive positive feedback regarding changing their priorities. Successes need to be more celebrated
the company is already a great place to work and deliver on our mission
Optimize HR support using less automated communication tools and create more options for HR person-to -employee contact.
take the learnings from this pandemic and in particular the efficiencies and good new WOW and adopt them as the norm.  use the step change as an opportunity to create a truly great workplace, engaging with our people, taking on board the new ideas and practices that are the future ways for us to work and be successful
work toward simple systems - my biggest struggle is with our IT systems
Be transparent about priorities and direction company is going.
Merck should reduce the amount of ancillary work (department of initiatives) that are change for the sake of change rather than actual improvements.  Then Merck could advance the pipeline better and/or add more projects to the pipeline.  Management should value pipeline achievements over ancillary work (they currently do not).
Free gym / health club memberships
No improvements at this time. I am so much more productive and also able to balance my work/personal life since i have been working from home. I am so proud to work for Merck and i love my job.
Better work-life balance; crisper decision making on progression of projects through development; more realistic timelines
More people to support our constant level of urgency
Show a little more flexibility with individuals in their day to day lives. I'm referring to the ability to flex your hours to cover/or make up time for appointments, etc. If the work is getting down, and the flexibility is available to take advantage of, what's the purpose of placing undo stress/pressure on your employee to be so rigid?
Invest more and pump more products in Egypt market
Promote the expatriation of the employees around the world .
Work flexibility - Allow remote to those fearing pandemic and do not feel coming safe to work
I appreciate Merck's focus on Diversity and Inclusion and the efforts that have been taken to raise awareness of the inherent discrimination that occurs in our communities everyday.  But we should be careful when focusing on any one group of individuals because there will always be another group that feels left out.  Merck also needs to be mindful of the appearance of making political statements because you are essentially speaking for ALL employees when public statements are made and everyone had unique views and opinions that should be respected.  By singling out specific issues or groups of individuals to take a stand on, you run the risk of alienating another.  I do think that we have an important role to play in changing the discourse in this country but need to be careful not to overswing in any one direction.
Ensure all managers have their regular 1:1 and listen
Frequent top-down communication of actionable steps being taken to foster a diverse and inclusive environment; More attention on providing mid-to-high level management (400-600 bands) with coaching and guidance on how to foster inclusion and create safe spaces for employees to speak up without fear of repercussions
Renovations made to have departments all in one building.  Invest in the lab infrastructure.
Improve the management/leadership personnel with ones with experience and have a long term strategy vision vs. tactical reactive approach and people managers with people management experience/skills.  Fix the "consulting" groups from providing barriers to projects to ones that contribute and do work to move projects forward.
I think that Merck and MSD can do a better job at retaining employees and promoting from within. There's value in hiring outside talent, but there's even more value in retaining employees. Both for the company and the employees themselves(time, money, etc.). Retaining good people that reflect our values as a company should be a priority. And making sure they feel a sense of belonging, both financially and through other ways of showing appreciation
Keep its focus on the employee and making sure that they (we) enjoy having a Career and not just a job!
More Priority and importance are given to contractors and Management happy to increase contractors then employes and Most of time all-important work is managed only in US and communication from higher management to employes is very poor , we come to know upcoming projects and other information from contractors ..  employes are very lowed compare to contractors and benifites which discourage your work
Have a clear focus per department (Top 3). Accept consequences of focus (prio above other stuff).  Stimulate balance: work-life, sport, mindfullness. Especially in COVID-19 times. Integrated and fast IT systems that generate meaningful reports to get oversight.
More agility (better resources allocation), better focus on targeted activities, encourage team work and collaboration versus pursue of "selfish" career objectives
reduce per person workloads that continue to increase
Encourage flexibility and being able to work remotely even after we get back to "normal". The pandemic has proven so many teams can do the same level of work (if not higher level of work) from home as from the office. Being able to have the flexibility to work remotely in "normal" times will ensure Merck keeps it's edge above other companies as far as flexibility and work life balance.
Emphasis on D&I principles coming from mid-level management, not just from the very top.
The amount of new systems and the amount of information split between systems has made it very difficult to find information when needed and keep track of where everything is supposed to be tracked.   For example, our factory documents used for production are now split between MIDAS (batchsheets) and Quality Docs (SOP's).  The SOP's and batchsheets are frequently used and revised in conjunction and now need to be revised and found in two very different systems.   These new systems and directives get rolled down to the individual sites/groups seemingly without any say from the users and they are not user-friendly.
New structures put in place this year to move projects through the pipeline (DCTs/WGs/etc.) seem to have fragmented the development more than allow the scientist to more readily function across the project areas (DS, DP, analytical, etc.). It has put more work on the scientist to attend more meetings and readily touch base with other teams to ensure teams are aligned. This increases risk as it increases miscommunication probabilities and also makes scientists less efficient in driving their work as more is required from attending meetings and emails to ensure they are aware of what is going on across other working groups.
1. Prioritize improving the pace of commercialization across MRL/MMD/Human Health as a platform. Metrics around number of biologics or vaccines launched every year lag behind peers. While strategies around individual programs are clear, the landscape for next 5 years for new molecule launches is not clear. 2. There is a need for company wide and focused digitalization goals to advance and realize the benefits. Currently, efforts are spread across divisions and department and feels disjointed
Invest in additional headcount resources to balance the amount of work
There is a gap between the high level priorities versus the operational level priorities, to be able to manage the operational level priorities one needs visibility on what projects are coming and their capacity and timing requirements as well as the priority they have so that the required capacity can be calculated and a resource allocation plan can be made. It could mean that some projects need to wait in the queue until another one is finished because there is no unlimited capacity for the resources.
Leaders need to respect more work schedules and not schedule meetings or make out-of-hours calls.
Recruit to a more diverse population.   Offer loyal employees raises since they can go outside of company for higher salaries.
I think they have done a great job keeping their employees safety and well being as there most important obligation but I think that needs to remain the focus going forward, even after distribution of the vaccines.  I think this is a whole new world that we are living in but I have the upmost confidence that Merck will keep that in mind going forward and remain overly cautious about this situation and hopefully remain flexible to there employees wants and needs.
Stop expanding the salary ranges within Band Levels.
Please do not make comments or take a public stand on political issues.  We serve people of all political parties and should respect all opinions.  Choosing a side is insulting to 50% of our customer base.  Let's be done with the Red/Green/Yellow system to determine if sales reps can call on clients.  Please let us make that choice based on the comfort level of our clinics, our comfort level, our vaccine status, etc.  The competition is in clinics and we are losing ground to them because of this.
It would be great to feel more man-power in lower roles. We are so proud of the work that we do and would love to spend more time focussing on greater details.
Merck is a great place to work!   Once we are able to return to the office, I would like to see flexibility for remote working supported.   This will go a long way to energize employees and they will work harder (the past year is evidence of this).
Hire more people who are as great as Cassie Mifkovich! this is the first time in my 13 years of working at Merck where i feel i get the support and encouragement that I need from a manager. I no longer dread my 1:1's, I look forward to them. She is my role model and my mentor and i appreciate her very much
Our Products are FANTASTIC! Our science Is unmatched.. We struggle when it comes to hurdles around policy when trying to meet our customers where they are. We lack innovation and unique out of the box approaches. We are always LATE to the party and have a sense of “don’t do this or you’ll get in trouble” I have worked with other companies and the air never felt that you are always going to be on some “bad” list when it comes to policy violations. I love my team, manager and product. I’d just like the EXTREME polices to adapt with the new virtual environment.
Merck should continue to encourage employees to expand their interests within the company. The more exposure employees are given to expand past their role, gives them more motivation to give more to the company.  I for example see myself growing with Merck.
Hire more people or take more churn out of the work process.  We are all working more than 40 hours with no end in sight.  We are constantly being asked to do more and more work but nothing is taken away. We are constantly being asked to do more with less.
Invest in technology and innovation
I think Merck is doing a great job
Continue to keep us informed on how the company is handling COVID and how we are continuing to work in a positive but safe direction.
I think that this is a great place to work and take pride in what I have accomplished.
There is still much work to in our Ways of Working efforts, many opportunities for streamlining and simplification, we have just begun...
There is room to improve on work life balance, i think there needs to be more sponsorship on this from the Senior Management across the business
Have attention to the resources devoted to your employees
Some processes need to be simplified, i.e. approval of IT purchases, help desk.  Simple IT purchases like $200 monitors, as long as they are on the approved list, should not need approval except from manager.  The Help Desk still takes too long to solve issues and are sometimes difficult to understand or they don't understand the issue.  Purchasing and IT support always seem to be pinch points.  Sometimes resources are updated or changes occur  and are not communicated widely.
Hiring real people managers in stead of managers who only look at due dates, not at personnel and who only think about their own carrier. That will not help MSD as a company, but only themselfs. I realy like the company MSD, what we do and which product we make. Helping other people/animals with our medicines all over the world. Bad managers break down the MSD culture, where it stands for.
Continue to value employees and employee health (physical and mental).  Strive to be the most diverse, and inclusive company.  Also pay equality is lacking.  Individuals that have been with the company for years are paid less than newly hired employees.  It is really demoralizing.
To balance the workload.
More emphasis on work-life balance.  All of the colleagues in my division are Type A personalities.  Highly self-motivated and highly productive.  But they are breaking down.  Our boss keeps telling us to be like the airlines:  put on your own oxygen mask first, and THEN help others.  But HE is stretched even farther than we are, and we emulate his behavior.  There are always even more projects that need to be started since we are all at home due to COVID and not traveling.  When everyone was traveling, it was easier to pare everything down to the most essential priorities.  Now it seems that the more projects the merrier, and you can't just say "no" because you are part of a team.  On top of that, our boss' boss has added high time demand trainings and strategy meetings that require months and hours of time.  Again...since we are not traveling, it is assumed that we all have an endless capacity to absorb more projects and ideas.  We don't.  "Business critical" is no longer considered
New ways of working: 3/4 days at home and 1/2 days in the office.  I realize our most sr leaders believe that we must be together in person in order to create, experience and maintain our Merck culture (our leaders have said this during a recent EBB). Our culture is a good thing, but we have to change with the times.  Old school thinking regarding in office requirements is not going to create the workforce of the future that the Company needs.
Hire more full time staff, treat contract employees better.
Simplify procedure/ways to complete work flow.
Forced PTO - seems people have large balances of PTO that is not used.
more family care，such as family activity day
Merck still has some "old school" ways of thinking and needs to shed some of the bureaucracy. Additionally, much like our President is proposing to do for our country...invest in infrastructure:  facilities upgrades, IT, etc.
Continue listening to employees, as MSD always does!
Consider changing compensation to retain employees longer than 3-5 years. Constant turnover in lower levels wastes a lot of resources as new employees re-learn what was lost. It seems like hypocrisy when upper management compensation at Merck leads to low turnover. Yet low level employees are forced to leave the company in order to advance.
Invest more in IT foundational infrastructure technologies
Reduce less work loads and provide more time for experienced staff with great recommendations. Providing the right tools to certain jobs that differ from other jobs within the same team
We need to take a closer look at our policies in the virtual world.  There are many things we cannot do that our competitors can. Merck compliance is not moving fast enough to make adjustments with the changing market place
Keep politics out of the workplace Compliance should make sense
Make full-time working from home after the pandemic an option for all office based employees.
We need the different levels of management to commit to the strategy LONG term and not give up and switch at the first setback.  Over the years we've seen Merck/MSD invest/acquire/start on a new modality/technology/ways of working but then abandon completely at the first stumbling block and thus wasted previous resource & upskilling effort.  It's important to recognize we might have to adjust tactically how to approach/execute on a strategy based on the learning along the way, but it's not a reason to abandon a strategy. When we flip/flap on strategy like that, it not only waste resources but sends a message to troops on the ground to say there's no TRUE commitment from management and whatever new strategy could be easily upended when a new sheriff is in town, which lead to people not willing to fully invest or go all in on what they can do for the strategy
Take care  off the colaborations
Continue to provide a balance between work life and home life.  Continue to advocate for a promote broadly across the company D&I initiatives and mindset so all will adopt eventually.
At this moment we are facing unprecedented times,  we are working from home,  where the employee covers all the expenses to work,  this means that water, energy, internet, food  bills  are higher,  however our paycheck is technically the same.    Also we do not have an ergonomic place work so it affects our heath or our pocket to work from home without any of the appliances we have at the office.   just with the chairs that we use in the office the improvement would be significant in the quality of life of the employees.
Open up more junior level positions to enable a stronger talent pool.  Balance human resource growth on future growth, not artificial targets set to placate analysts.  Revenue and profit growth are being limited, which will have a more significant impact on analyst perspectives.
Continue to be transparent with the workforce. Good communication is key.
I think we can help others more during transitions from one job to another, if they are new to Merck or exploring other opportunities.
My wallet was stolen from my office recently and only a few days after the site implemented badge-required entries to the building (RY800). Evidently, this is useless. This is the first time this happened to me but this has happened multiple times already to other people. I think that this is a very serious problem that needs to be addressed. Of course, thieves have taken advantage of the fact that a lot of people are working from home, so they have more chances to roam freely around the building. Security needs to be more proactive in our buildings.
Work closer together.
Implement an effective QMS based on ISO9001, & gain accreditation for our Health & Safety & Environmental management systems, that are currently verging on the wrong side of acceptability
Development of new products
Continue to be flexible with work from home until the pandemic is behind us.
Merck and MSD must not look at the Employees w.r.t. color, but w.r.t. the work that is done.
It is important for Japan MSD to listen to the opinions of the field more, to cherish the employees whose head office is working at the forefront, and to always continue to make the best efforts. There are successes and failures, but not being too enthusiastic about evaluation has a positive effect on the development and development of employees.
Do the actions that fit with the words of speaking up and courage culture.
I have worked at Merck for many years and seen the ups and downs of the business numerous times.  We need to know and embrace the history of each function and team to understand and impact the present.  "Out of box" or "woke" thought may have value, but must be thoroughly vetted at multiple levels prior to adaptation.  Pursuit of cultural and political ideologies as corporate sponsors distracts from the mission and core reason we are Merck...to invent for life...improve and save lives...that medicine is for the people.  Some communications about the next new corporate initiative are tangential to and seem in opposition to our mission.
We preach diversity, but we are not diverse in how we approach our customers, and in the resources we provide our customers. I have given numerous examples of small things we can do to improve our customer experience but I’m consistently dismissed. An example...we have decided not to offer paper coupons for our diabetes products.  The online coupon says “your doctor has prescribed ___”, and then discusses how to proceed.  I had a PA state “but I’m not a Doctor”...  I have asked for over a month to change just one word, change Doctor to Provider, but still nothing.  It’s a little thing, but little things add up.  If the easiest of fixes are dismissed, I have little hope of the big issues being addressed.  We are no longer customer centric, we are Merck centric.
Focus on the right people and leaders which create great environment to work especially in these times.
Continue to support upward movement of technicians
Changes over the past year and a half have made MRL vastly more top-heavy, and it's felt throughout the organization. Mentions of the "leadership team" are inversely proportional to cultural health of an organization.   We cannot pretend the solution to culture is to wait for everybody to be shoved back into cubicles. Our leadership needs to step up and support culture within our new norm, help people connect outside their increasingly isolated teams.  And most of all, our leadership needs to react appropriately to the fact that WE ARE STILL IN A PANDEMIC. Step out of your private offices periodically to see that social distancing in the labs is a joke. Cloth masks are more protective than disposables (according to the CDC), and if you think forcing us to change masks to disposables is making us safer you're out of touch with reality.
dont overload people by multipositioning  -staff enough as a fieldforce  in the markets for job expectation delivery and competitivness, wider sources to offer business partners requested add value,
1. Stay out of Politics.  If you must be political, do it in a personal way and do not imply that you are speaking for Merck.  The employees of Merck are very diverse and not all agree with any certain political position. 2. Hire the best people for each job, regardless of race or gender.  It seems that we are now entering a time when we have decided to give preference to certain races, in our hiring.  I have zero problem with hiring qualified minorities and have the utmost respect for people of other races.  These type hiring practices are the very definition of racism.  MLK said to judge people by the content of their character, not the color of their skin.  Good advice.
Work to get rid of unproductive meetings and processes.  Given the difference in work not every department can function the same way (i.e having a single point of contact for one department in cross functional teams may not make sense for all departments).  Work to reward all members of the team that contributed to the success not just that top leader or single point of contact to the team.  We need to start recognizing the bench level "worker bees" more.
Continue with open and transparent communication
Engage in real dialogue. Engage in real change. Move this conversation out of the hands of SVPs and AVPs. They don't get it. They have admins to support all their work, activities. They are like the princes running a kingdom. Good people. Good intent, but you need to engage in psychologically safe conversations with Sr. Specialists, Associate Directors in Commercial GHH. These are the real worker bees. We know how the sausage is made, we know what our leaders actually do vs. what they say on webcasts. We need large transformational meaningful change. Take the conversation to the people that do the majority of the work. If I had an admin helping schedule all my calls, a Chief of Staff to draft all my presentations, I too might be able to focus more on the strategic innovation that is required. The metaphor is - Maslow's hierarchy of needs. My peers and I are focused on food, water and shelter. We are a long way from self-fulfillment/actualization. I have hope, but it's running low.
Continued focus on innovation and saving/improving lives.
Take care of your people Hire people based upon  qualifications and not a demographic profile Listen to field sales force for program design, implementation and have flexibility Try to make it easier to do business from everyone’s perspective
Fear stifles innovation and progress, we need to get out of our own way.  Not everyone is responsible for business performance and those that are not want zero risk.  For example: a review board told our team that an animated character "needed to be whiter" for an unbranded promotional resource.  Unbranded is low risk!  We have an obligation to use our power for the good of others especially those negatively impacted by social determinates of health or where there are disparities in care.
To create room for personal development and offer perspective to grow into a desired position
I feel Merck needs to do more promoting from within the company.  It seems that more benefits are offered to new employees than are offered to existing loyal workers.  My manager has completely destroyed our team.  We have had more letters sent to the USDA in the last year than in the entire 11 years I've been here.  This comes from inexperience and poor training.  The Quality aspect of a pharmaceutical/biological company is way different than Quality at an aerospace, printing, retail store, etc. company.  You cannot fly by the seat of your pants in this industry and expect good results.
The office resources should be available to use in this pandemic issue.
Remove red tape. It feels like every SOP is written to prevent work getting done. There is a standing joke that MSD stands for making selling difficult.
Pay people based on work they do, not corporate structure or tenure. Recognize when certain people have high potential and don't hold them back based on 'experience', when they could do much more if given the opportunity. Also for some long time employees, too much security in roles makes it easy for people to not change and simply be stalwarts.
future direction of within the company. Labeled.
have more in-person requirements for D&I (when possible for safety reasons) instead of just MyLearning courses
Ensure leaders are continuing to "walk the walk", demonstrating ways of working and respecting work/life balance of their employees
To fully listen to their employees
Continue to think out of the box and challenge old ways of working. I think Merck and MSD are doing a great job of adapting to be successful in the future.
Implement permanent work from home flexibility company wide for better employee contribution
Treat people with respect and integrity. Sooner or later someone has to address the negativity that management brings to employees on a daily basis. We have no voice here. Those who have spoken up have been retaliated against and moved on. There are a lot of solid great people here who are treated terribly. I come in positive, hopeful and with a good attitude until the energy is sucked out of the workplace. They don't even acknowledge your presence in the morning. How long will this continue? Is it too much to ask for a positive work environment? I will continue to stay hopeful. Thank you so much for listening.
Increase the training of the representatives give them more power to interact with and service the HCPs and accounts.  The more watered down our materials and messaging get the less credible and needed we become.  Sales reps are the face of the organization and if we are unable to answer questions bring resources and just send customers off to another person within the organization we cease to be of value.
Better health insurance benefits
Overhaul the talent management processes.  Create consistency on what is means to be a "high-performing" contributor so that everyone has sense of purpose regardless of role/level.
revisit or reassessment the pays to their team members whom worked in the company for 15 years plus, it was noted the New employee get paid more than people committed to Merck Mission for years...and the one train the new employees
Continue to find opportunities to innovate how we work together remotely.
Acknowledge realities with performance expectations given impact of COVID. Compel an oncology culture/rewards & recognitions that helps to consistently attract and retain key talents.
Sales Managers need additional training on managing people.  Diversity is more than race and religion.  Not understanding the diversity of talent is a miss.   Sometimes I feel like my manager is going through the motions.   I do not see any interest or understanding from my manager on talent development.  Fully understanding that we work in a HIGHLY regulated industry, managers are not open to new ideas, they are not willing to do the work to see if an idea is viable.  We are all responsible for our own level of motivation, but we do not need our managers demotivating us.  Because they have not received proper training,  they do not even realize the effects of their action. One example - not highlighting good/excellent work - “everyone” does a great job.
Maintaining employee retention must be a priority, as expertise and knowledge is lost.
Achieve consistent leadership approach to rewarding employees. Increase value of tenured employees in financial reward and career growth opportunities.
Deleverage if the company and become debt free. Have clear goals for the future. Develop and maintain talent. Invest in new technologies. Acquire smaller cutting edge companies that have sound technology and a proven track record
Keep a reign on people who want to make short term achievements that lead to long-term extra work or rework just because they want to complete a project.
Be a little more considerate perhaps to the nature of the Allflex business.. One example is our route to market, which is not perhaps as simple as MSD's there are more complexities to a sale with more decision makers, influencers and relationships that require consideration with a portfolio of multi & split product lines. The Agricultural environment is quite a mixed bag made up of strong traditions, family values and a slice of modern thinking thrown in, selling requires an understanding of the farming culture and an appreciation that farming is more of a lifestyle than a career choice for most ! With the merger of a few companies in Allflex's history the company could benefit from an identity overhaul almost an reinvention which can benefit from the muscle power of its Parent company without the need for the close Parenting skills perhaps !
I Believe Merck have already done it. With the Pandemic and Lockdowns, schools and creches closed for people with dependents  Merck have been fantastic with flexi time and allowing people to work from home so that both sides of our lives could continue. Our work life and our Family life.
specific to brazil: creating more equality between parents benefits as today only mothers receive a monthly support to put children up to 2 years in school.
Continuing to meet customers where they are!
I think the company is doing well focusing on invest in research, although it creates more budget pressure in other areas...
Continue to look for efficiencies that improve ways of working (e.g., the improvement of expense approvals in SAP); provide more talent development opportunities for employees below director level.
Continue the work that has been done up to this moment and step forward to innovate our company to the next level.
I have the perception that new external employees are more valuable (higher salary) than those who have been with the company for a long time. I believe this is shared by many long time employees. If the perception is widespread, or if the thought is true, then Merck should address it by either more transparency or more value to long term employees.
Incentive plan adapted to national sales
Free and open communication on the status of the company and future direction
Provide support, training, and resources to help managers with people management skills
Create a better environment where people can speak up without fear.
Be competitive,  both in terms of pay and benefits and also in the way we conduct business (our rules are too restrictive)
Continue with PV department being predominantly remote. I don't feel like we've gotten a lot of information about Rahway, but I know for sure that it will greatly impact my work if I have to increase my commute to go there.
Continue doing exactly as is!  During this pandemic, which has been difficult and stressful for all, I feel very supported by Merck.  I appreciate the steps taken to help people during this time (benefits increases, etc.) and all of the transparent and frequent communication as well.
Focus more on our MISSION,  and less on politics
during this pandemic there is little respect for individual's times when setting up meetings.  Lack of respect for calendar's and invasion of lunch time for meetings.  this needs to be enforced since this adds to the stress of all individuals.
I understand our compliance department is here to protect us but can be extreme at times and hinder us from doing our jobs..for example no alcohol at dinner programs
Stop re stating the same objective over and over as if they are newly identified areas of concern.  We know what we have to do, lets just hold people accountable to get it done
Locally my direct manager does a wonderful job.  The organization has a very distinct culture that does not always make one feel safe to speak up.  Locally my manager is able to create a different environment and that is freeing.  Surveys are not completed honestly unless they specifically say the responses are anonymous.
the over use of paper in the company. And I discovered in the past year that if it is in the strategy of Merck/MSD people are secondary. And i was disappointed by that fact. It felt like the moment that your parents are also human and imperfect.
Provide adequate resources to support work loads.
We need communication & collaboration from our leaders & other departments.  There are too many siloed conversations meant to keep secrets.
Merck should be come more of a science driven organization instead of a process driven organization. Science should drive the process. Process should not drive the science
To look to past year to get inspiration on opportunities that the pandemic has revealed, especially for the remote working and travels
Allow for dialog and create an environment to manage the tensions between opposing views (Diversity and Inclusion)
Assess the impact of increased remote work, and remote work "guilt", on work-life balance and stress.  Consider this also in light of the ceaseless drive to get more from each employee and how that is a conflicting message.  Make an active effort to ensure that employees are maintaining a healthy work-life balance.  A refreshed mind is more productive.
Unfortunately you can't make everyone happy, but I think if we continue to be honest with employees and communicate as much as possible it will help gain the respect from employees that managers need.
very good at this moment
I believe we need to increase our pride and brand of our company with our employees. Since coming to Merck I have heard tons of long time employees refer to Merck as “K-Merck” because of how cheap the company is. I have never experienced this at other Biotech companies but after being here two years I can see why long time Merck people say that which is very unfortunate. For very little money per year Merck could change two little things that would drastically increase the pride employees have in Merck. First update the meal travel policy to be more than $75 a day. That is an unreasonably low amount in today’s day and age. My last company provided $25 breakfast, $15 Snack, $35 lunch, $75 for dinner (up to $100 if w/ other employees). Second would be to provide worthy Merck branded gifts at meetings that we would be proud to adorn. An UnderArmor Polo, or Patagonia jacket, or Yeti mug would make a world of difference and have a large ROI by motivating all employees and driving sales.
Focus big picture long term, not short term course corrections.
Work on more engagement & development plans for MSD employees after the great performance during spin-off phase.
Please listen to the employees here and our concerns. We would all like someone with a higher power step in and ask questions and look at what we're dealing with here at this newly purchased company of Mercks. Thank you for your time and opportunity to voice our concerns.
1) Refrain from external politics EXCEPT when directly affecting Merck i.e. pricing & access.  2) Regain active focus on what unites us, our company Mission, versus divides us.   3) Continue to SIMPLIFY PROCESSES!  4) Address the "frozen middle" i.e. Directors & ED's who avoid change and create a toxic environment for those who report into them while managing up extremely well with lip service.  We need LEADERS!
Please consider employees history and all success made not only the recent days especially if the employee had an urgent and unmanageable issues
Review and align all the SOPs and libraries that we use in a daily basis. There are many discrepancies among the documents. Many instructions that contradict each other, different approaches to address almost identical tasks, or even instructions do not even apply to the subject (misplaced instructions). Component libraries, mainly validation tools, really do need a cleanup. All these misalignment among the instructions that we use for work, lead to misunderstandings, iterative discussions on how to proceed, time loss, and misalignments among projects. When one of this discrepancies is identified and escalated, the process to correct them is slow and difficult, and many times it doesn't take place when needed. We need to improve the quality of our instructions and components and the process to update and correct them.
Follow-up and follow through on EDI initiatives instead of making everyone take a myLearning training. I think something like hands-on (virtual or socially distanced) EDI workshops can expose some of the unconscious bias and engrained old-minded unequitable ways of living that impact all our colleagues-- workshops that can truly get the conversations started at work and then at home which can be extremely more impactful and long-lasting than a required training. More action and less talk will actually show employees of color and/or marginalized groups that the company truly does care and is following through with their EDI promises.
Nothing to add - I am happy where things are headed
Stop internal competition, discourage internal politics, promote a culture of collaboration, transparency and empowerment.
Treat all employees equally regardless of the employee's location.
flexible working from home options post pandemic realistic workloads and deadlines so healthy work life balance can be maintained dealing with unprofessional colleagues rather than ignoring the behavior employ the right people capable of doing the job that is required of them
Simplify.  Having people working from home is driving so additional  meetings so people can be informed and updated and is radically increased the total number of low value meetings
Move away from total global standardization type of thinking and allow local sites to manage at their own level. Plus, not allowing the shifting culture to drive business decisions that will ultimate effect the employee. Keep in mind that not everyone feels the same way about certain topics, whether business or social, and if the company insist on an inclusive environment there must be a more level headed thinking from top to bottom.
The true neaningful execution of WOW
Merck needs to take greater risks to help our customers deliver on their goals to help patients. We can certainly remain a very ethical company, while still doing things that closely mirror what many of our competitors are willing to do, as long as we keep our customers and their patients at the forefront of our decisions.
Allow teams to have the number of resources needed to actually complete our jobs.  If you are going to assign headcount targets, make them reasonable and achievable.
1. Priortisation - everything and nothing is a priority. We fire fight all the time (it seems to be our culture) and there is a hero mentality whereby someone who gets something over the line last minute is congratulated when in fact it was mis managed all along. This then means that other priorities slip - we need to break that cycle.  2. Training is grossly inadequate. I am with the company 3.5 years and the I could count on the fingers of one hand the number of hours of classroom training I have had. Covid  has not impacted this !  There is a total over reliance on MyLearing platform - this is one dimensional and cannot take the place of a manager sitting down with their team and training. It happens with the operators on the floor but NEVER happens with other members of the team.
Continue to be transparent , inclusive, innovative and ahead the curve for us and patients.
Transition intelligently back into the post-covid ways of working.  allow people to continue flexible Work from home schedules if their position allows
Thank you for listening to us :-)  I appreciate these quarterly surveys and the focus right now on work-life balance, personal concerns, and well-being given the pandemic.  I feel the company is speaking the right words to help us feel safe about needing to take time to take care of ourselves. Yet, the workload doesn't permit... there is a disparity in truly taking the time for our well-being and balancing the workload. We need to ruthlessly prioritize! Our leaders need to help us sequence the priorities. Secondly, I work in Global Learning & Development; as we try to shift our culture to be a learning culture (and we've been trying to do that for the last 8 years) we need the right IT infrastructure to support that, without 3 years to get it done. It takes so long to go through IT risk assessments and clear privacy. Other companies do what we want to do with much less resistance. We risk losing talent because of archaic and disjointed systems.
Merck is trying very hard to make this a great place to work.  Thank you!
The only thing that the company could improve on is keeping politics out of the workplace.  There have been some presentations that tend to sway one way and that is not being inclusive.
Hire professionals to address how the current world events are impacting the work place.
Continue with the transparency and all the town hall updates
None. Overall, company is doing well
Continue to prioritize D&I but also put these principles into place when hiring for leadership positions. Alternatively, proactively groom candidates for future roles in support of D&I initiatives when future positions are open.
More resources within MSD AH (human & budget!) Align more HH & AH on tools & system More focus on shared topics within HH & AH, eg. OneHealth
Consider reviewing making the option to work from home , when appropriate, ad company standard option. Merck has shown how successful it can be. There are times coming to site is a necessity or even an improvement in communication. However, there are also times, when working from home can be equally as successful. Thank you!
Continue to make everyone feel what they do matters in the organization and continue to make the environment safe from all elements.
Lift some of the restraints involving engagement with customers
Workload for 1st line managers is more administrative and less people leaders/managers. They need to be relieved of some of the administrative burdens to get them time on the shop floor.
Embrace flexible work arrangements for all teams, in all divisions across the organization.  Embrace the use of technology to support remote work options and recognize what a huge benefit remote work solutions provide to employees both current and future.
Continue to be more “open” with regards to communication.
Increase supply capabilities and have adequate safety stock of all products.  Continue to invest in research and bring innovation to the industry.
Find a balance between legal/compliance and business objectives Increase autonomy of decision making Small things can make a large difference to a culture. Cost containment can kill a culture if carried too far and reduce overall productivity/engagement. Actually listen to customers and attempt to meet some of their needs instead of constantly saying how "customer centric" Merck is. Realize Merck is by no means the norm in the industry. They are a laggard on many fronts
Frequently remind employees of our vision, purpose and then at a BU level reiterate how our work is laddering up to the business goals.  Reinforce the need for cross functional collaboration, confidence to make timely decisions and new ways of thinking to achieve sustainable growth.  While the organization is making shift to agile, there are still too many levels of approvals and unnecessary inefficiencies that prevent us to moving the business forward in a compliant and compelling manner.   My personal opinion is that there is an underlying fear of making a potential wrong decision.
Make sure local managers are fair and treat all people the same. Or have more diverse management .
I think remote working full time needs to be a permanent option for employees to help work/life balance. Employees are beyond burnt out with all of the increase in workload and very few reward for efforts. I fear qualified colleagues will leave due to too much stress with minimal compensation. Also I think Merck needs to review how they choose who is to lead a department. It seems successors are at times chosen based on friendships instead of qualifications and departmental needs. I have also seen a surprising number of departments suffer because leaders have a retirement timeline (that they many times voice to their team and other employees repeatedly) and are just interested in keeping things status quo, not improving nor representing the team fully due to lack of interest in causing waves until they retire. This is keeping many teams stagnant and employees are feeling the leaders lack of interest. This causes morale to suffer.
reassurance on job security. More flexibility for child-care concerns
1) More skip level meetings from the very top to the very bottom.   2) Would like to see more actions globally that everyone can get behind, not just have metrics dropped in our objectives/priorities.   3) Like to see LESS meetings overall and more action.    4) Would like Merck to assess the ability for more people to work remote without it carrying a stigma. 5) Would like to have Merck benefits team reach out to those in the retirement age and offer help.
Our IT solutions still are not leading there is too much choice and its very overwhelming - I now get email, yammer mail, MS Teams notifications and I have so many MS teams I cant see straight.  I consider myself an early adopter but the lack of vision and strategy of how all these systems operate and the interoperability of these systems is quite disappointing in our new remote world.
Merck should continue the D&I effort and providing resources for work-life balance.  I think the resources for career development, such as educational support, have waned over the past decade and I would like to see more support for investment in the personal development of employees.  I think these are resources that will retain more FTE's long-term.
I am new in MSD and every thing is ok
Be mindful of how diversity & inclusion trainings are structured. There's a lot of subjectivity in current training, where "correct" answers are based on assumptions & not straight facts.  The training will not allow you to move forward unless you agree with an answer that is NOT the only right answer.  I'm a person of color (African American background) and I found some of the scenarios and "correct" answers in our current diversity trainings to be problematic & potentially leading to worse cultural relations because it could make people reluctant to talk to each other for fear of saying the wrong thing and being accused of a "microaggression".  We must all be reasonable and not so sensitive & offended by every "perceived" slight.  People cannot possibly be expected to know everything that each & every person we encounter is going to be triggered by or will perceive as a microaggression!  To think we can know this based on color of another's skin, is itself a stereotyping assumption.
Become less political and continue to focus on R&D to help patient health.
We could use additional preclinical resources to aid in discovery work and development of new programs in the preclinical pipeline.
Continue to seek input from employees on unique needs during this time of remote work.   Allow for differing situations and be flexible with employee needs.    We need to find a way to be more agile and nimble in our activities especially during a pandemic.  It has been disappointing to see Merck not deliver on COVID vaccines and therapeutics.  What are other companies doing that we aren't?
Bring back HR to each site - this should never have been taken away. And let them help with hiring , job postings and Workday.  Bring back Purchasing personnel to each site and take it back from the departments - this should have never been taken away.  Let Managers go back to running manufacturing areas.
Merck should take steps to increase productivity by limiting meetings and e-mail communication.  Meetings necessary, but all too often they can get in the way of accomplishing tasks.  Same with e-mail.
Allow for more flexibility in ways of working: increase WFH/remote working, 4 - 10 hrs/day week, extend summer hours, etc.
I am an M1 but my manager says no M1s at our location are eligible for LTI . This doesn't seem to align with global practice and I am wondering how I can become eligible. Could more education of leaders on this topic help?
MSD should continue it's focus on diversity and inclusion to help workers feel accepted and appreciated as they are.
Simplify and streamline processes.  We have a long history but with it is still much lingering complexity in areas where it isn't needed.  Simpler is also more agile....
Attract and retain good talent
Allow the team members to consider the option of remote working after the pandemic
Stop saying we value diversity of opinion, different points of view, challenging conventional wisdom,  etc. unless senior executive management is willing to cascade that culture down to the departments. I have worked in a lot of places in my life. Merck is the most “yes man” culture I’ve ever experienced.
Please share examples when Marketing leadership demonstrates Agile Ways of Working by not trying to “boil the ocean” and broadly publicize what prioritization decisions were made to assure alignment.
Suggest that a union can be established to provide more help to employees.
Increase number of people for work to get done (full time or contractors).
Provide more long term incentives at Associate Director level and lower so that employees gets a sense of belonging. The long term incentives at Merck are not competitive to other companies of same size.
Listen to the country not only take decision at global level
Allow all to work from home endlessly, as I personally fear catching Covid or it's strains. Thank you.
1- In MSD Saudi Arabia, Make the employees who served the company for many years secure and serve many years to come. 2- In MSD Saudi Appreciate the most efficient and developed employee and give them a real opportunity to be promoted based on performance and capabilities rather than Nationality
Make sure to have enough personell resources so that people don't burn out
Where possible, slow down pace of change, or be better at accounting for the cost that change exacts takes on employees in terms of stress, extra work required (eg, to continually learn new systems/updates).
Keep political activism out of business. Serving the world and communities with products is our mission!
continue to provide support and flexibility throughout the pandemic
Keep having top scientists select molecules that are products that are likely to succeed in helping save and improve patients lives.  (It was unfortunate news for all of our COVID assets.)
empowering, psycological safety
Challenge our leaders to build success not through downsizing but innovation and training our people.
Create a more robust "rotation" program between different roles, functions, and organizations within Merck.
Increased pay to the likes of the top competitors. Do not comment on politics.
Organize ways for employees to interact in non-professional settings. I have not met any of my coworkers, as we all work from home. Personal connection would help increase motivation.
To provide education to leaders not only in technical skills but also in soft skills and, most important, to evaluate how the provided education is being actually implemented by leaders and to evaluate its effectiveness within the leaded team.
To cover for employees and their family members a health insurance and including covid treatment to the insurance. To review a social package to keep it more competitive and be more focus on the employee helth protection.
Be more aggressive in getting us back into the field for person to person contacts with our customers.
MSD's Fortify our future and MMD's Expedition 25 are clear frameworks to follow for next 2-3 years and will be a big lift across the company so we need to be deliberate and mindful about adding new initiatives before these have sufficient momentum. Its is great to see we have already thought through Post Pandemic ways of work to permanently titrate in a culture of flexibility when it comes to defining the workplace, this will be a competitive advantage to MSD in the talent competition
Continued digitization of our production environment, standardization across production sites for core activities to ensure all sites follow the same model and process reducing any unnecessary complexities
MSD is doing an excellent job to be a great place to work, one minor thing I could think of right now is the payment schedule we have here in Costa Rica, it is complicated and it has been complicated, maybe at some point they can reconsider the monthly payment and transform it as a biweekly payment but with the salary divided as 50/50. The other thing I would like to see is more activities to have the Global MRP Tower more united, to work more together and solving issues between regions and not only concentrated in our own region (Americas, EMEA and APAC)
Need to develop and uodate policies and processes that support digital transformation of customer engagement and evolving market environment
Engagement for new hires who have only ever worked from home. It is hard to find a sense of worth and how you contribute to the company when everything is remote
Continue to be flexible during pandemic and non-pandemic times.
Merck does so many things very well for patients, customers, and employees! It’s a real honor to work for Merck!  One practical area that would help me do my job more efficiently has to do with external communications with customers.  Can we look into a compliant way to add our products to a signature line of an email so customers know what we represent? This would be especially helpful with customer with low-access.
Eliminate all non-value added activities. Simplify the processes. Improve team-building and conditions when working from home.
Continue to invest in the pipeline to bring forward medicines and vaccines to benefit patients in new ways
Continue to be a leader in diversity and inclusion. Continue to be transparent with employees and supportive of the transition back to the office in the coming months.
Faster hiring so departments aren't short-staffed.
Continue to be on the proactive when it comes to developing vaccines
There has been a significant departure of oncology sales representatives within the GHH sales organization, mostly as a result of recent policy changes impacting the ability of the OSR to effectively perform. Even though sales leadership has provided a safe environment to speak up, these limitations have caused significant dissatisfaction in working at Merck. There needs to be a better understanding within compliance of the roles and responsibilities of a sales representative. The disconnect between the field sales representative and the policy decision maker is so great that when broad stroke policies are put in place the negative impact can be unknowingly significant. I recommend a working group consisting of active field sales representatives, management and leadership, partnered with compliance to revisit and update field policies as they relate to interactions with HCPs.  To truly understand the impact, it is critical that this group consist of current sales representatives.
Continue to build the sense of community.  Outline the vision / road map for Merck's continued success.
If there is a way for all the different areas of our Company, whether MRL, MMD, etc. can be on the same page or if not possible, be aware of what these areas do in the Company and how we should all be working together.
We need a better culture of constructive discussion and open and transparent decision making. The voice of one should not outweigh the voice of many
My opinion is: Leadership training at all levels to manage people and work on empathy within teams.
Stay out of politics, stick to the company mission of health care and improving patient lives.
Stop the chain of hiring spouses under the same organization within Merck, these powerful couples, they act like they have the right to do whatever they want without any consequences. In my organization we have so many examples, they all get many unjustified promotions and recognitions.  Merck need to understand there has been retaliation at work, I was recently served a gagging order from upper management for speaking up.
Allow flexibility for people to pursue new and innovative career paths. Allow continued flexibility for the option for remote working which significantly increases many people's productivity and work satisfaction. Hire more people so there are not shortages in departments which puts significant stress on the rest of the teams.
In my opinion the one step we (Merck and MSD) need to take to further make our company a great place to work and deliver on our mission is to STOP OUTSOURCING EVERYTHING, and start providing a place for someone to go from the bottom to the top in a career at Merck. This will allow people to learn their job, know their job and the resources available will save wasted time re-training people who only want to get in the door here to leave and find something better. Let's get back to taking care of our own by starting them out here, keeping them here, and making it the place to work like Mr. Merck built all those years ago!
When making a decision globally (like with QMS), the leaders have to understand the true impact to work force, ask for and act upon the feedback from the shopfloor.  Respect people's time- meetings should stay on topic (including tier) and should only be held when needed. Make the  "fluff"/additional work
Remain flexible so employees can best meet the needs of all aspects of their lives
focus on the critical risk , promote new ways of working
Stay neutral on all political topics and respect the views of all employees that don’t align with the views of the current CEO
Provide all needed tools and resources to comlete my job.
Regarding people: allow people to grow (in depth) within their roles while staying in same department and become an expert in that role (e.g. not every one in a group in job level P2, but also create sometimes a P3 position, and one that not directly is a managing job). Value knowledge. The definition of a successful career is not the same for every one, for one it is becoming a higher manager, while for the other it is gaining more in depth or diverse knowledge on a scientific or other level. This will increase diversity of people within groups and prevent some good experts to be 'forced' in managing roles. Thanks for reading!
value the contributions of employees improve on the implementation of succession plans
The culture needs attention. We feel disconnected in this environment .  We are free to ask questions however, mostly it seems we are told how things will go. There are thought sessions but I question whether or not reps are involved to share their voice on specific issues. For example, policy 3 has a negative effect directly to physicians, the relationships we spent time building and the inability to educated our clinicians. Could there have been an alternate or compromised solution if reps had been able to share their voice?
Now that we have worked from home for over a year now and it seems to be working and everyone is used to it and has made the necessary adjustment, give employees the option to continue to with this work schedule and not have to go into the office every week. Our teams are global and remote so what is the reason for mandatory office time. If we do have to go back to the office, do not apply the open space concept. Having no place to 'call your own' I don't feel, creates a good work environment.
Providing a few company holidays in light of the stress caused by Covid to allow folks to refresh. Providing continued career development opportunities, including promoting networking, mentorships, etc.
I am very pleased how Merck respects it’s employees.  I fully understanding this is a business, with a board and international responsibilities.  However I truly believe we do keep patients at the core of our goals and not an afterthought like many other large corporations that have been around this long and this successful.
a better balance between planning and execution with an increased focus on execution as opposed to planning
I believe MSD is taking the necessary steps to ensure we can easily work from home during this pandemic.  I am able to connect more often (on Microsoft Teams, video chats, etc.) and have productive conversations now then when we were in the office (issues finding a touchdown room or conference room for meetings).  It is much more flexible now.  I appreciate everything our leadership team (e.g., Darrel Hicks, Steve Keib, etc.) has implemented in ensuring we are able to be productive and safe during this Covid-19 situation.  Thank you for this survey.  Go team! :-)
It'd be nice to see Merck increase its agility. For example, I've witnessed the company make decisions based on preliminary research for how to set up the best work environment. Merck slowly started transitioning to open workspaces with unassigned desks just as information was coming out that that actually was a counterproductive set up. Merck is now moving ahead with setting up more of these "flexible" working environments that aren't working well. Not being able to influence these types of investments with real-employee feedback can be frustrating at times.
MSD should continue to put the PATIENT at the centre of all that we do.  MSD should use the skills and talent that are hidden within levels within the organisation.
Separate politics from business at the highest level.  Follow other competitive companies on the covid restrictions for the field.  The competitors do not have near as many restrictions as we do which puts us in an inferior position to do our jobs.
Advance the technology to meet the compliance requirements   Recognize the hidden costs behind centralization and standardization.
Listen to the employee.
top leadership should not speak on current world political issues, ever.
Consider the true, and often unspoken, expense to minimizing staffing in favor of insourcing, outsourcing and contracting.
break silos and streamline work by empowering people to make decisions :)
Cut down on email and provide some training on new systems such as the new team site and spot fire.
It sounds like there are more field staff committees now and that's a good thing. I hope Merck and MSD always look at what the workers in the field are hearing and show those employees they are being heard.
Simply and streamline processes.  Less silos in Marketing, Sales, etc.  Expand OSR, OKAM , CTL capabilities.  Include end user in process updates.  Simple things like giving Marketing access to ROME and VEEVA Field emails would help. Become more customer focused.
Continue to support WFH flexibility for lab based employees
Merck Animal Health has an integrated P&L.  The other divisions are not that way.  Instead we have big silos between GHH, MMD, and MRL.  I think we are sometimes making decisions that are not supporting the strategic goals because  of this.
Keep listening to employees.
There has been almost a 100% turnover in upper leadership... it's scary and i don't think many of us know what to expect. Even in my department - there has been much discussion of an organization shift.  Between with what's going on in the world (instability) combined with heavy turnover for leadership (more instability) it is hard to feel at ease. Not that leaders are under obligation to provide transition plans or at least discuss the turnover at all but i think given the climate it would be nice to have one less thing to worry about - if possible.
Start trusting employees to do and know their jobs.  Make sure IT infrastructure works at all time and recognize that there is a limit to the amount of change that can be absorbed. Even if the changes are good, too many changes are bad just by the nature of it being repeated change
Ensure new employees are fully supported during training
The split did bring about a lot of ambiguity/question for people who moved to NewCo and even for people who stayed back. We have ensured that this movement is not effecting the work and the output is consistent for MSD.  I think we should have the team more engaged in communication/updates on the happenings at Organization level.  Cheerful leaders make the team feel happy and better engaging.
Flexibility of work timings/location and focused on customers
Find ways to value the work force.  Both financially and with other rewards.  Let us know our concerns are being heard not just swept under the rug.  Allow us to be innovative with our fear of the compliance axe always hanging over our heads.
Focus on providing the best vaccines/pharmaceuticals/technologies/and customer service.  Stay out of discussions that could be perceived as being political as they may have very negative consequences in certain parts of our business.
with all the restructuring process and expense target reductions the workload has increased significantly , because the work stays in the organization. we really need to look for ways to simplify processes.
Retain and keep the talented  OSR’s.  Have a plan to fill vacant opening early even if it means to train an OSR on that tumor type to be a hybrid so there is coverage in the territory.
Trust people, allow them to take decisions and be accountable. Implement change, don't just talk about it.
Merck has made it more challenging to be successful in the field with recent changes in MMF and FFM policies.  Oncology is a completely different space than primary care and new policy tends to not look at our needs here in the oncology division.
Invade new ares in therapeutic areas
Promotions should be available and based on skill, productivity, and job performance.  Talent should be rewarded instead of just rewarding because of time at the company alone
Local leaders should encourage Global and Regional meetings that overlap with meal times to be seen at another time. Also Global and Regional leaders should avoid long meetings (3 / 4 hours).
Continue the digital transformation advancing on new ways of working, improving systems and bring efficiencies to perform the work; Promote global functions outside of US; Be a diverse and inclusive company; Focus on innovation and technology
-Support Work from Home option without compromising salary/Transport allowances. Provide flexibility to manage work life balance since we'd proven our professionalism and successfully supported Spinoff project. -Salary Package to be reviewed and benchmarked to the industry standard. Esp for staff who has been with the Co for >5yr -Minimal accountability/no clear escalation path for grievances against HR practices -Changing Regional office location out of Tuas without compromising transport allowances for the SCM staff would make MSD a great place to work. Tuas is at extreme West of SG. There're minimal option for food/ transport. Regional SCM based in Tuas is always neglected in terms of welfare & subjected to the threat of losing transport allowances if office is moved out of Tuas. The Transport allowances should be grandfathered into their package. Removing transport allowance would be unfair for the employees as salary was negotiated taking into account transport allowances.
Better enforcement of meeting norms - have a standard window for breaks (e.g. 12-1pm no meetings), and an expectation that no meetings are to be called after 4.30pm unless urgent.  Hire more people/retain the talent that we have - there is a lack of resources/feeling of being overworked.
Permit work from home as an option when feasible post COVID-19.  My productivity increased significantly having this flexibility.
We have to find a way to take work out of the system - more and faster. Prioritization, process improvements, better and faster governance. We're still a lumbering and clumsy organization
Continue efforts on research and development to bring innovative novel medicines to market
Objective studies confirming policies are doing what they are designed to do - bring objectivity to aspirations
The 2 key issues that touch all employees: TIME and MONEY Anything that touches on those 2 is a win!  People need to have time to take care of themselves, think, work well and feel like they are able to do their best job without cutting corners because of competing priorities.  AND need to feel valued.  This round of bonuses was a bit of a gut punch after a really challenging year and working harder and under more difficult circumstances than ever before.  Also it is so difficult to bring employees up to parity for the 50th percentile due to HR restrictions.  This needs to be corrected to give managers more controls over retention activities and salary adjustments.
Merck should stay away from politic. We are one company and everyone should be equal. We are all working together as a team no matter what the background. We love what we do and do everything we can for our customer.
I think Company is doing fine by providing tools for the comfort and engagement of employees. Still, we need to increase the trust on employees that need to deal with information with some degree of sensitiveness.
Resource limitation is the most critical issue in my department
Listen to representatives
Merck has to be more vocal at Senior leadership EVP and above about racial justice and social equity for all. Merck also must be more deliberate in hiring and recruiting talent at the Director, Executive Director, AVP VP, SVP, and EVP levels. There is not enough diversity at these top level leadership positions and the path for diverse talent within the organization to get to these levels is a true barrier.
Our very conservative approach to reentry after vaccination and declining cases is frustrating
Control the volume of projects and resources
Continue to check in on their employees through these types of surveys and perhaps, offer more tangible support for those that may need it (ex-referring them to a group intended for young parents and the challenges faced with childcare during this pandemic or struggling through social isolation and anxiety)  Continue to offer care packages - this has had a tremendous outcome for employees to feel taken care of and supported.
Merck is intent on "fastest path possible" which is ok as a business but often disregards the work load asked of employees. Much of my work is spent defending my timelines rather than working collaboratively to bring the product to market. Comments about limited bandwidth are often ignored and looked down upon.  Meeting load has gotten out of control and I am often in back to back meetings throughout the day without even a lunch break.   There are no issues with working hard or pushing ourselves to make our timelines a reality. However, I feel we forget that people have lives at home that need to be tended to and that all of our lives belong to the company.
Continue to drive the ways of working into our culture. I have worked on several teams during my 6 years at the companies. Some teams are really good the new ways of working while other teams are not so good at this. If we work collaboratively and share information with each other, rather than withhold critical information - we can work so much more efficiently! If we don't micromanage each other, and work to empower others rather than control them, then it makes for a positive work environment for all! Now that Merck is working with many more business partners it is CRITICAL to get our alignment INTERNALLY, so that we can work efficiently in a partnership.
Nothing comes to mind
The healthcare benefits are fantastic! Keep those. Maintain flexible work arrangements.
Continue the course we are on.
Most leaders do a great job. We need to pay more attention to why some employees are unhappy and what is the root cause.
Stay out of Politics!  Stay focused on our mission!
Remove barriers.  I have the most tenure on our team and have seen the complexities of getting things done only get worse over the last two years.  Quite often we get inconsistent feedback from our legal team which slows our ability to be "agile" down.  Also, the workload is so great that the response time when needing guidance is incredibly slow and often crosses over into our Marketing role(s).    In addition, we rarely take all of our vacation time due to workload, creating lack of stress management and balance.
Great place to work: uniformity / standardization regarding work expectations amongst managers.  There seems to be much diversity around what is expected of us during these times amongst managers.
continue to emphasize inclusiveness and acceptance
Employees act and work based upon what there management does. We need to enable healthy work/ life balances more so than ever.
There should be a greater focus on work life balance with the shift to work from home. It is challenging to have boundaries crossed consistently.
Roles and Responsibilities are not widely shared which significantly impacts churn; such an easy solution, no one pays enough attention to.
Continue to support employees during this difficult time, promotion of work life balance and ensure honest and open conversations at all times.
Keep evolving our processes/operation/culture to cope with technology and business requirements updates.
Merck and MSD should continue to do what they have been doing all along. In the 3 years that I have been with the organization, I have seen many initiatives which streamline and improve processes. I think the organization should continue to support programs that work to eradicate racial inequalities. My family and I are thankful for the support Merck and MSD has provided throughout this pandemic.
Evaluate and develop managers.  Provide better support to employees to have a manageable workload which will allow work/life balance.  Provide feedback after surveys.
Be more assertive in taking calculated risks.   Double down on technology and innovation.
Encourage Leadership to be more open-minded/flexible. Sometimes I fear getting on the "bad side" of senior management. sometimes, it feels like Management has their favorite employees, which makes it more difficult for the 'non-favorites' impress or earn the same level of respect. Overall, Merck is a GREAT place to work at. and majority of the times, there are no issues. only some times the office politics seems to get harsh and hurtful.
I feel confident that Merck is an inclusive, diversified company; however, I don't think it's appropriate for CEO or senior management to send out announcements referencing politics or the latest news on social unrest.  We all know what's going on in the world right now and in a diversified company we also have varying and perhaps opposing viewpoints with interpreting the "facts" given to us by the media.  These e-mails are upsetting to people who already know they are doing the right thing, but are made to feel like they are somehow to blame for this simply because of the color of their skin.
should reduce various layers of process complexity
we need to continue benchmarking ourselves against our own and other industries to ensure we are always looking to adopt new ways of working and new capabilities.  There is an internally focused mindset that would benefit from external perspectives.
At this point in the pandemic, I believe we should be given the ability to make an informed choice about return to in person engagement where our customers are willing to engage face to face.   Oncology Marketing and PRT need to be faster and more agile.   We require constantly evolving resources and need to be two steps ahead of our customers..not 10 steps behind
Make processes more efficient.  Reduce unnecessary recurring meetings that can have 20-30 people in the meeting with half not having any contribution.  Better training on new systems.  Roll out new systems using pilot, fix problems, then roll out to entire department. Fix processes that cause urgent supply situations to arise constantly.  For example outsourcing manufacturing to third parties that constantly make changes and therefore require filing and sites having to generate data to support changes. Evaluate the benefit vs resources needed to outsource and manage numerous changes that are out of Merck's control.
Allow flexible WFH environment for employees to work once the pandemic is over
First and foremost is a robust and promising pipeline. So far most acquisitions are mediocre, many are a waste of money. It was 3-4 years ago when I participated in one due diligence to acquire a company for $1 billion and the entire team endorsed it, an upper management from discovery vetoed because of his own opinion. The same company was sold for >$20 billion last year. Such poor decision made from upper management has no consequences. There are so many such kind of examples, and eventually poor decisions or judgement will eat away Merck's profit and growth.
I honestly don't know why this question is asked b/c no matter the response, senior leadership does not listen. contacting the ethics department does nothing, there are NO consequences for Sr. Leadership doing unethical behaviors, and when brought to the attention multiple times, there is nothing being done.  If MSD and Merck wants to be a great place to work for, then when complaints are made to HR and the ethics committee, this needs to be taken seriously.
Merck should train people managers or potential people managers.  Too often, employees are promoted or appointed into the role with no demonstrated skills of how to extract the best performance out of direct reports - especially when those direct reports do not look like them.  Merck should also have ACTIVE and SMART monitoring of D&I initiatives.  It should impact middle managers (~band 500) bonuses.  Until there's repercussions for not demonstrating an inclusive environment, it will never change.
perceive reality from the field
I think changing the employee development process was the right move.  However, I believe that too much damage has been done over the years.  The interim guidance for this is way to vague and does not address how to truly address this.  I still feel like only a handful of employees are valued, and since I am not one of them, I have been shoved aside for years and not been given opportunities.  The only reason I am still here is that I have found a way, in my own self, to find value in the work I am doing.
Give an opportunity for feedback. And Listen.   We are quick to listen to speak instead of listen to learn. We don't need to always solve the problems that may be brought up, but listen to those who have concerns ideas and let them discuss what is on their mind. We are too quick to respond and don't truly understand all of the issue before we act.
Simplification. QSIP is not doing this i think its actually increasing complexity
Merck needs to listen to the field. The weekly Field email/Suggestions are over whelming. We repeatedly receive suggestions on the same customers. Merck needs to reevaluate the Remote Engagement with HCP’s. While I think it is a good resource in some Regions of the US, but other Regions its not. Many HCPs have express they prefer to see us in person. Remove the RAT Tool. It’s difficult to do field sales from home. I receive more information from my customers in person than over the phone.  Look at salary ranges in field sales. There is too big of gaps between some employees who have similar years of service and year over year numbers. Example: A 20 year employee making 25k-30k more than a 16-18 year employee doing the same job. Some VCRs are managing territory’s with double the volume  than others, but being paid less.  There needs to be a serious look at this and get CTL input.
Continue doing what we are doing, but ensure that we are TRULY prioritizing our priorities and work because there is still too much occurring, which is burning out our employees.
offer a flexible work space for all employees
Don’t be so political.
Just continue the transparency, keep us updated on plans for the future both short-term and long-term.  Look for additional projects and promotional opportunities for those of us looking to do do more for the company, customers and patients, those of us willing to go above and beyond everyday and the go the extra mile to create opportunities for the team, access points, creative access opportunities and those that have deep relationships in the accounts.
Management- (Regional Managers) need to support and value their team. Reps need to feel that their manager is a safe place to raise concerns without fear of retaliation.
Addressing workplace environment concerns is important for my role.  As Merck is implementing an open workspace environment, it is not considering the type of work staff in different roles perform.  My ability to be productive in my role is severely compromised in an open workspace.  Each of my colleagues has the same concern, but our voices are not heard.
We could reintroduce financial incentives akin to stock options that would tie more tightly the financial stability of our employees to the financial success of the company. Right now, those two things are not always aligned.
Reconsider the open office concept. It does not work for all personality types.
Continue on the current track!!
I feel a lot of people who work hard and have been at Merck for 20 or so years are no longer given the opportunity to move into higher positions (or get promoted) because "they aren't going anywhere else" at this point of their career so we don't need to promote them because they won't leave.
since the majority of people are now working from home, we need a better IT department...meaning a local department, like the SPOT only more robust.
Continue offering strong well studied products. Support the sales team as they are the boots in the field and support the relationships they have with customers.
Ensure competitive pay at all levels as one way to retain talent
*Continue promoting a Diversity & inclusion culture *Continue providing internal trainings to improve soft skills for the work force of the future, ensuring that we'll have the best leaders for the upcoming years *Continue recognizing that we're different but the difference is important to have other perspectives and points of view (considering the mix of cultures, age, religions etc)
Like now more flexible work environment instead of mandatory on-site x no. of days.
Be willing to innovate and to listen to those who have valid experiences from outside of Merck.  Allow for meeting free day or morning / afternoon to allow employees to catch up on work and reflect on improvements that could be made or focus on professional development without having to constantly work evenings.
Think of people first. Our mission has been patient first but then if the leadership cannot think about employees how can we expect all of us to relate to patients. There are many companies who adapted to work from home setup and aren't bothering people to come to office. However, MSD India has compelled people to step out. and called people to office. There has been no support provided for work from home setup, whereas so many companies around the world gave special allowances or arranged for office setups of employees. MSD India should come up with more employee friendly policies
To reduce the number of meetings
We talk a lot about MPS, but it seems to me that we do not apply it to improve processes e.g. change control system, Tech Transfer / NPI is very convoluted / inefficient with many teams involved and lots and lots of people> Definitely global processes that could be streamlined
Make the pipeline information available ASAP to not only to the key stakeholders, but also to people who would be interested in and may be able to contribute to the program.  Make the decision-making process of pipeline more transparent, so that people can contribute their ideas before the decision is made
Better assure current employees have a pathway forward.  A clearly defined career path should not need to include reinventing your role every 2 years.  It is fantastic the we have recruiting and talent acquisition teams for external clients, but the same efforts should be done for current employees.
Ensure departments have proper local resourcing and staff for the workload so that employees can experience less stress and proper work-life balance. Limit the constant introduction of new initiatives, systems and programs. Limit the abundance of mylearnings to what is really essential for each role. If the number of learnings cannot be reduced, then attempt to find ways of making learnings shorter and more concise, this will not only help with engagement but will also allow for more time to do other work.
Merck should stay out of politics.  I have received backlash for comments made by our CEO on the voting rights in Georgia.  His comments don’t necessarily represent the views of all of Merck employees.
Too few incentives in form of promotions- the bar keeps moving up
Keep doing the things like now, MSD is a great place to work.
Stop with the senseless conference calls and wasted time with overloading point leads with busy work.  Let’s us work
I think that Merck is already a great place to work. I hope that we will continue to invest in new drugs. As far as the peopla re aconcerned, I hope they will continue to have special attention to the well being of the employees
Create clear rules for Home Office regarding meeting scheduling, in order to give free time for employees to do their work
Enabling our ARD scientists to be externally facing beyond the blanket University collaborations. Prominent positioning of scientists (not just LT members) on externally facing initiatives beyond these University collaborations will enable ARD to grow a stronger scientific class to stand up on paper to other organizations who allow and focus resources to more deeply dive in this area. Grow and promote our scientists to become leading figures at external forums and consortium. Provide time to draft multiple articles of relevance (not to a specific analytical technique but to the bioanalytical community of biopharmaceutical development as a whole). We need to grow our current R4-R6 scientists and especially enable opportunities for women and those underserved populations for growth as "the Merck super-scientist" rather than in a direction of what appears as a preferential drive toward managerial (M-track) roles.
invest in people satisfaction  through family social activities  Encourage the social impact .
Stay out of politics
Digitalize systems.  Electronic documents, eliminate files.  Enlarge department bulilding, resources and people.  There is no space to grow and keep up with current production, let alone in the future when Freedom 5 is up and running.  Obtaining more people is useless when we have no space to put them or equipment or files.
Merck employees are the most hard working people I know.  We need to continue to work hard to find the right balance regarding working hours.  While personally my balance is fine, there are parts of the company where people are working far more than a standard work week to just keep up.
Continue being transparent about the future of our company
Focus on the patient and then the business.  We are becoming enamored with teleconferences, spreadsheets, and metrics.
I will recommend that Merck and MSD maintain equal opportunities regardless our ethnical background. We may have policies in place but I feel that at lot time are not implemented correctly based in who you are.
Increase capacity to produce product
Continue to lead from the front on issues of racial injustice within and outside of the company.
Need to continue to ensure the high stress roles (those supporting Operations and Release) are well staffed and supported.  As supply demands increase so does the work in these areas and if the goal is to reduce overall lead times we need to ensure these roles are supported - meaning we have the right digital solutions in place to easily and efficiently do our job or in some cases ensure proper staffing models so we can work on continuous improvement initiatives to make the work more streamlined and efficient.  It's often difficult to support run the business core work and continuous improvement work at the same time.
Encourage diversity in teams.
Merck needs to keep doing what they have been doing: supporting its people, the profession of veterinary medicine (including all personnel), diversity and inclusion, and acceptance of differences of opinion. The promise of the future and what we will bring to the world is extremely exciting. I wouldn't work for anyone else in Animal Health.
Ensure that teams are appropriately staffed for the amount of work required.
Increase bonuses that haven’t changed in a decade.  Preferential treatment to different divisions that have less of an impact on the success of the company.  Awarding management for developing teams to move on to other opportunities and further their career.  Resources such as websites and coupons that work for the patient that make our job easier.  4 different products is a challenge in chronic care and getting assessed against your peers on a continual basis makes for a high level of stress.  I love this company and appreciate all it has giving me and really value my CTL and director who are incredible, but this other stuff seems to be increasing difficult.
know your audience, one size doesn't fit all (webinars, training, communications, etc.)
Need more women and minorities in leadership roles.  Because Keytruda is the key money-maker for the company, colleagues working on oncology appear to receive higher evaluations ratings than non-oncology colleagues.  This culture needs to change.  Compensation needs some work.  Colleagues have left Merck for better pay and more flexible work environments.
Make sure that individual gain different experience with different department projects and with latest technologies so they can evolved at least at the same speed as the market leaders of all types of industries
Compliance should discuss Ways of Working and be open to field input before handing down policy decisions.  Ultimately there are more effective and efficient ways to be compliant.
When working on project, allowing more time to test. Let us test for months not just a 2 or 3 months before going live. This will help avoid us from missing information and it will help us catch more errors. If  information gets missed it'll be too late to add it to the new system and it causes more stress/work on everybody.
Accelerate deployment and adoption of digitisation of everyday work and financial tools -w e should be looking at how AI/RPA can partner with human intelligence to add value, this would also address workload Honestly facilitate time and space for internal employee development activities and participation in value add initiatives / gigs rather than expect this to be done on top of job/ in free time.
I think there should be a "Comment Card" website where people can post their thoughts/ideas as they have them. I have lots of ideas throughout the course of my work, but can't always recall them when it comes time to complete one of these surveys. If there was one place available all the time, that would be very useful.
Continue to embed WOW and take time to re-energize and continue to invest in our own personal development and growth...
Re-evaluate business tools and practices that add excess time to project timelines without adding value. Create a more inclusive holiday policy that takes into account religious holidays of people that are not Christian without forcing them to use their vacation days.
1. Continue to improve on D&I. Reach out to the employees for advice and guidance.  Don't just assume that someone that has been at Merck for a long time or has a high position has all of the answers.
Foster an environment where everyone's opinions are welcomed.
In the 14 years that I've been at Merck, I find the current atmosphere to be one of the most challenging for finding work-life balance.  The increase in workload and responsibilities has me and my colleagues working extra hours and neglecting our families.  The constant reorganizations are prompting uncertainty, discontent and lack of continuity.  With every reorganization comes re-evaluating the roles & responsibilities.  I'm am concerned for the future of some departments that are experiencing a mass exodus of experienced personnel, and others looking for new career development opportunities.
Be more open minded, trust employees to do their jobs, hire leaders who motivate and challenge their employees
We love engagement and discuss various options to move forward. However, with constrained resources, we should try to find a consensus and "repurpose" resources to higher priority projects to deliver on our mission. I see we take a lot of time in discussions and should be focusing our energy on finding the consensus.
Merck is headed in the right direction.  It is important to diversify our culture and our products.  I value the opportunity for improvement. Our leadership team is top notch.  My only suggestions is to begin to recognize when a strategy is not working and then be agile enough to course correct.
I have only been for 6 months, and so far I think Merck and MSD are doing a great job delivering their mission
Benchmark against our key competitors within oncology.  We've made some field policy changes that have impact and none of our competitors have followed.  We also have a retention issue and this could hurt us in future recruitment - we were already challenged in finding external talent.   Thank you.
listen more to the people and make them feel that it’ is alright to speak up without jeopardizing their job security
Continue to share information with employees as quickly as possible & ensure we continue to practice what we "preach", making it safe for employees to speak up, when required.
Understand that all of us are undergoing great pressures to meet the additional work required by the number of virtual meetings and respect the time we have to dedicate to our personal lives. I find myself working longer hours than ever since the pandemic started.
Be more transparent with employees on future endeavors. I also think Merck needs to look at our bonus structure, we are considerably lower compared to other companies.
Evolve the way we deploy within the market place. Be more risk taking and trend setting in the information we bring to customers to help them navigate their difficulties.
Continue with discussions and education on inclusivity and diversity.
Please continue to be that great place to work, always thinking the way to make our worklife experience great as always, Thank you for all the efforts you make to help us.
More focus on developing internal talent, no matter the level.
Simplify some of the internal bureaucracy to help get projects off the ground quickly.
Have competitive wages.  I feel with the cost of living going up every year, health insurance normally goes up and with the amount of our raise we really don't come ahead.  I feel we are under paid and won't rise in the company.
Make sure the new WoW are strongly and actively promoted from the leadership level, to facilitate this change for everyone in the company.
Yes MSD is a good place to work
Focus in the people, motivate person do that everybody do a better job and feel gratefully to work in Merck/MSD.
Simplify processes to enable people to adapt more easily. Complexity and change /new systems have accelerated over time and that could loose the level of engagement to what really matters in the work to make the difference on personal level to keep in balance both in body and mind.
leaders should not only model the inclusive and safe to speak up behaviors, but should reward and actively shine a light on when these things are being executed by employees
Decrease processes and barriers to take decisions/actions  Promote delegation and growth mindset across all roles  Keep promoting ways of working and diversity & inclusion strategies Keep supporting work-life balance for all roles Showcase examples of how speaking up was valuable for the business and the people involved
When implementing systems there should be a thorough review if the systems will work properly and will improve people's work.  Improve the IT system support. Release phased updates of Microsoft Office, having to restart the computer at least 5 times per day, drives a person mad and stops productivity and no one in IT is able to help you! There should be more opportunities for special assignments, and less barriers to perform functions that are only available for US colleagues. This past year demonstrated that the majority of the jobs can be done from anywhere in the world, you just need internet connection and desire to work.
Merck Animal health has no sample budget and confidence in their employees to manage it. We are very hindered and held back by not being able to operate freely. I am in the food animal division and responsible use with a product sample budget would help tremendously.
Distribute work evenly among team members. Have digital resources readily available so working from home can be seamless and still get the work done in a timely manner.
I think leadership should consider toning down the rhetoric regarding social injustice, diversity and inclusion, Asian hate crimes.  There are MANY of us that do not believe they are racist and this constant commentary is really alienating people and is being discussed by colleagues.  I fully support all of the missions, particularly in the work setting in which we operate - but it’s getting to be a bit much. The fact that question 17 lists the options that it does is further evidence of this.  I had plenty of discrimination in my career - I  kicked their butts and succeeded.
Let the local representative decide if they feel safe going out to work in their geography.  Especially if they have been vaccinated...
Better work life balance. I feel like work life balance is talked about but it is just lip service or checking off the box that we talked about work life balance but when it comes right down to it the underlying message is here is more work for you, figure out how to get it done. I don't feel like the talk about work life balance is sincere and that no one really cares but talks about it because you have too like I stated above to check off a box. I am stating this as someone who works an average of 12 plus hours a day.
A path forward for promotion would be GIANT step.  In my 5-10 years at the company, the department I have been a part of has managed less than 5% promotions on an annual basis.  A rate of less than 5% of your workforce seeing promotions annually has consequences.  It suggests that we don't value our workforce.  If you are an average employee, you will see 2 promotions (on average) over a 40 year career.  Until this changes, we cannot claim to be a great place work.  A great place to stop by, maybe, but not stay for a career.
Remembering that it's the people that make a great company
the no eetings day and flexy friday are great ideas as well as the soft skills trainings that we have received
In the short term continue to focus on D & I , how to re-engage / bring back in the many colleagues who are remote working for over 1 year now, what should be the allowed work practices for the future ( WFH Hybrid etc.)  Complete the Organon spin  and ensure that RemainCo is set up effectively for the future. But clearly communicate to RemainCo the vision , allot of concern out there that major restructuring may be coming
Too many priorities.  Company and Leadership has many transformations going on at once and adding more leader roles and not enough worker roles. Many inefficiencies/ineffectiveness built into way projects are executed.
Continue promoting from within the company, to encourage continuity of knowledge, and motivate employees.
More thoughtful staffing.  A number of roles are very routine, and a number require complete commitment and not a lot of downtime.  A better balance for a more effective use of headcount would help in achieving a better balanced workforce.
Stay out of politics and social justice issues.  Quit dividing the company up into pieces with all this EBRG push and let people do their jobs without all the political and social pressure.  This company is really not a safe place to work because the minority opinion that I have would not be received well and would ostracize me at the higher levels of the company.——— Career Limiting Move.
Keep focusing on investing in our future pipeline and communicating on our core mission, both internally and externally.
- keep focusing on patient safety - keep supporting diversity (we can set an example for the nation) - stop focusing on ivy league graduates when hiring - be transparent on pipeline product progress (reasons to be exited)
The imbalance or disparity between supposedly 'equivalent' band levels across different parts of the organization is exceptionally de-motivating.  The expectations to advance in some organizations are significantly different than others.  This flies in the face of the compensation and career framework.  As we work to have a more 'boundaryless' organization which can handle not just the well-defined modalities, but those which blend modalities (e.g., Antibody Drug Conjugates, peptides/proteins, etc.), the discrepancies between positions is becoming even more clear as people from different parts of the organization cross paths.
A better guidance or stepping stone to growing your career and achieving goals without relocating or moving to another position. If someone enjoys and excels in their current position I feel they should be promoted accordingly to feel the work your doing is valued.
Stop mandating FCR reports for each month to include an HCP interaction in territories where lockouts are still occurring.  It’s unrealistic and forces reps to work against each other to get apts so a manager can do the FCR
Stay focused on our mission of saving and improving lives vs. promoting a political agenda
In the short term, plan and communicate post-Covid work environment.  Long-term, evaluate compensation and incentive package against industry peer group.
Above site teams understanding sites priorities in relation to global initiatives prior to initiating a project that impacts the sites.
Provide more assistance for employees with children in school, more resources for tutors to teach virtually while employees work.
Make EC a team, and approach the changing market reality with an aligned visions, strategy and set of priorities across the company.
Continue to have senior leadership speak out and address unjust racial issues, ie; voter suppression. Maintain Lifecare support for employees to help balance childcare needs.  Further develop resources for mental health and anxiety issues due to the pandemic.
I love working for Merck.  However, I do have a sense of instability and worry about when downsizing and layoffs will happen again.  They happen so frequently.  I wish Merck could get to a point when they are “right sized.”
I was drawn to Merck because of its internationally recognized and respected global role  in addressing the tremendous unmet  medical need as a result of infectious diseases.  I truly hope that  MERCK's commitment to development in Vaccines and Infectious DIsease will remain foundational to the mission of the company.
Continue to bring technologies up to date in order to streamline workflow. Put more resources into modernizing technology.
flexible work hours for every employee, not just management.
Cut legal and compliance budget by 30%.
- More active role to promote diversity & inclusion, anti-racism starting with trying to enroll more patients of color in our clinical trials during research. It should also be an important strategic imperative across departments. - For the MBA level jobs, have a formal development plan in place beyond the rotational program. That is, a pipeline program that has guaranteed placement after 2 years or less in the entry level position. - I believe that people in marketing support roles (Promo, launch planning, etc.) have concerns about job security. These are incredibly important roles for driving business so it would be great if we could explore how to retain
Continue to collaborate with other companies (e.g., AZ, Eisai, Gilead, JNJ) to bring breakthrough medicines and vaccines to this world.
There is a lot of pushback on improvement ideas in the laboratory. The business is great at adapting to new ideas pertaining data integrity and moving to electronic processes for the lab, but the team is hesitant to implement changes to the training program that could result in a more developed and capable team because it is not how they have historically trained people.
Product Supply and Competitive pricing
The Company should focus on improving work/life balance. I recognize this is also a consequence of COVID emergency situation - this pandemic has redefined our way of working, putting too much pressure on people, who feel the anxiety of having to prove constantly: "I'm working" - but the result of this is an environment slightly too hectic, in which the overload risks to jeopardize the good performances.
There is a serious need to align our portfolio with our resources (financial and human) or deliberately modify expectations on quality of deliverables.  Across all areas of the organization.
Expand operational support to match sales growth.
Continue letting employees know that you are there for them. The motivational emails help during these tough times.
Value hands-on experience, technical skills. Value innovation and new things that people have brought to the company. Example: Hubs and the work toward transformation that had been done by Hubs in last 5 years is not appreciated enough. Hubs lose decision power
What can we offer the customer......contracting, resources, information.  What can we do to be a resource for our customers not just a sales rep.
Need to focus on the customer and hire less overhead positions that do not contribute to the bottom line.  I fear we are very top heavy with mgt that do not contribute to revenue generation.  Our sales staff is the most important aspect to our business and I don't feel they are appreciated enough nor given enough help and assistance.  Might need to assess the reality of moving some of the mgt and different internal organizations that are not customer facing back into the field to help generate more revenue.
Decrease politics and labeling
Not force opinions on anyone. Even if the media is pressuring the company in one way or another I don't think it's the company's job to take a stance. It makes me as an employee uncomfortable because people then think because i work here that is my stance on an issue which may not be the case.
Simplify most of the review/approval processes to balance compliance and efficiency.
communication between departments could be better
Continue with the same vision of diversity, employees care, patients vision oriented, and continues improving in R&D, digital systems.
need to care more about the operators and treating them with respect. as far as management is concerned we are no bodies. this place is like a prison to work for. all we need now is our WIN numbers on the back of our coveralls. seriously im not the only one that feels this way.
Evaluate and be open to more remote/work from home.  It's been a closed door for many departments in the past, but due to pandemic those same departments have successfully worked from home.  a hybrid model would be a step in the right directions to compete with the worlds changing job markets.
Continuous to focus in new product and technology.
Provide better compensation for those that have been with the company longer.
My division is never mentioned in the big picture of Merck
Less trainings and bureaucracy Many different process that needs alignment More and more tasks with no addition of FTE
Continue to be understanding and supportive of the ever changing times. Continue to be supportive and encouraging to the field staff that are dealing with doors that still remain closed due to Covid.
Honestly, all of the diversity training and attention to race, in addition to COVID,  has created an atmosphere where people now avoid talking to one another. We all fear saying something wrong that will offend someone and just lead to problems. I would really like to stick to judging people on the content of their character and not the color of their skin.
Don't lose track of your white employees as you continue to stress minority employee advancement.
More training resources (expert people developing the trainings, not the trainings themselves) More design/user research resources (to improve the interactions between users and IT) Resist the upward creep of output expectations -- it's great that we're still productive from home, but everyone is anxious about how to rebalance when we return to more non-work activities.
MSD is a good place to work, however the level of autonomy and ability for individuals and sites to make decisions is hampered by global governance, whist this is good in may ways it slows down communication, ability and will to change. The company has a lot of automation projects recently implemented and in the pipeline which is great, however these systems are often complex and don't interface with other systems, which 'hides' activities and at times adds to workloads rather than reducing it.  Adapt a more agile approach to change and ensure employees can clearly see benefits of innovation and that it is not just a way to reduce headcount and potentially phase out their role.  Workloads are very high across many different areas - its not unusual for colleagues to be on line late into the night and work several additional hours each week - this is not sustainable in long run and will result in attrition,  new practices, technology etc. do not always help efficiency .
It is very difficult to take on new roles at Merck. I am finding through many interviews I've had that many roles just want someone who already has experience in the systems they use, or what they do in the role. They don't want to have to train someone. In my current role there is no way for me to get experience in these systems and roles unless I am actually performing the job. The only other way to get that experience would be through a job swap or special assignment (now referred to as gigs). I also found that the roles I am interested in (core finance positions), the leaders in those groups have not even considered a job swap or gig to allow someone to get to know their area and get experience that would help them be more competitive when a job becomes available. I also believe that everyone at Merck and MSD should have the flexibility to work remotely anywhere. It's not very inclusive if you give one group this flexibility and not everyone else.
Give people the opportunity for employment development such as rotation to expand knowledge and expertise in other function areas
Match its actions to its words when it comes to ethics and diversity.
Value all employees.  Although each employee's contributions to a project may not be known or visible, the work they do matters.  People who handle the day to day activities keep the company running too.  These employees should be recognized too.
Elevate the importance of kindness in all that we do.
Continue to emphasize empowerment for decision making at the correct level; Remain open to change and feedback re: Planning to Experimentation -> be receptive to making changes to new structures and operating models if employees indicate something isn't working.
Continue to provide these opportunities for the employees to provide feedback.
There are times where I think operator level perspective should be considered more when voiced.  Sometimes with new management, they will actively listen but can be built so headstrong that they don't take our perspective into consideration.  Also, we should be given the opportunity to choose whether we want to use vacation days or not for shutdown.  There are pros and cons in any work place, overall, Merck is a place that I would recommend to others.
Merck does an amazing job in terms of making it an awesome place to work.  I appreciate the emphasis on building a great culture, a focus on diversity and inclusion and truly listening to field feedback - all critical to delivering on the Merck mission.  Merck’s responsiveness to the changing environment is amazing and even more impressive considering the size of the organization.
merck is doing a great job to remove any silos and it is a great place to work for.
More opportunities for mid level career growth.  Rotational programs, etc.
Offer More remote opportunities.
Continue to speak out against inequality
Reviews of workload
It will be 1 year that we are working without a manager and in the coming weeks, we are even going from a team of 4 to a team of 2 people :-(((((
It's very difficult at present with social distancing but once social distancing becomes less of an issue we need to priorities interaction between departments.
Some positions lack a promotional track. People have to apply for jobs and go outside of their area in order to get a promotion, raise in level. That ends up depleting an area of their most experienced employees and creates low morale over time.
Employees hired during the pandemic still feel slightly lost as related to: corporate structure, the multitude of program reviews, the seemingly duplicated cross-functional teams represented, training on software systems (which really work best with live, practical instruction), overall integration of new employees.
Allow us to be out in the field and not using the RAT tool. We have never before needed permission with the flu or when the weather is bad. We have been asked to use our best judgment. We are adults and that should be how this works. If we are ok being out and our customers are ok with us coming in then that should be enough. Tired of having cancellation conversations with our customers and trying to explain that even though they are not “red”, i am and can’t show up to in person FFMs.
If we want to be an Agile organization, I think we as an organization need to look at our review process for promotional pieces to streamline the process to expedite time to market.  Currently, ADTs are the model and that's a start but its only a fraction of the number of resources.
I think that we need a pandemic reckoning with work/life balance. It seems that everyone I know is continuing to work harder and longer (hours) a year into the pandemic without regard to what this impact is on personal well-being. No one is taking vacations, every is working long hours (that used to be devoted to commuting), and there is no social suppport as we work at home looking at screens. The volume of work has increased and no one seems to be talking about how to re-calibrate so that we all can feel supported by our employer.
It would boost morale if we were to hear more about the exciting compounds being developed, particularly those that are in phase 2/3...products we may be able to see approved in the coming few years. Are any of these blockbusters or just me-too's? Getting a feel for the potential for the pipeline would invigorate employees. Regarding product/company acquisitions, we hear a lot about the negative outcomes (e.g., OncoImmune). We want to hear about those acquisitions that deliver products that are demonstrating promise in the clinic. Regarding the Organon spin-off, how will the separation of Organon affect those of us who are remaining with Merck/MSD, since revenue will be transferred to Newco...will there be cuts to the R&D budget? I would hope that Merck continues the humanitarian efforts....why aren't we publicizing those initiatives in the press to demonstrate/educate  the world how we impact human health without expectation of remuneration?
To make sure the work is shared equitably between colleagues in the same department doing the same job.
I think the steps Merck and MSD are taking currently do make the company a great place to work and deliver their mission.
I feel the company is doing a very good job.  Very proud that Merck stepped up to the plate to help with the manufacture of the J&J vaccine.
Open up facilities to in-person work and meetings as soon as safely possible. Allow for flexible work schedules in the long-term future.
The changes we faced and still expect in 2021&2022 is tremendous. Changes in organization, tools and processes at the same time. Projects and changes are coming one after the other, no long term visibility on priorities and getting impossible to be prepared from resource perspective, hence employees are overloaded and stressed.
Increase IT support and solve IT problems: connection, speed, videoconference, software packaging requests, accessibility
find a way to cure the imbalance between US and Ex-US pricing, especially by bringing up unfairly low ex-US prices
Supervisors and team leads should have proper training to have solid infrastructure for training and development discussions. A more robust program of rotations and development plans across the global Merck / MSD network would help ensure better retention and talent growth.
Rise voice up of new generations, involving them in decision making and streamline processes
I am having trouble getting the infrastructure I need to perform my job.  Much of this is due to processes which are inefficient because of workflows that are bloated with wasteful steps and insufficient staff to execute those wasteful steps, so things do not get done in an efficient manner
Have a new manager training program that is required for new managers to attend.
Different perspectives being offered.  Seem like if it does not get along with the mainstream it is challenged and minimized,.
Make the employees feel wanted, appreciated, motivated, etc.  Sale employees do not feel valued or heard right now....and every time we ask to look at pay....we get shot down.  We feel Merck doesn’t care if they keep us or not.  Covid has affected ALOT....and if the NE isn’t hurting then no one gets relief of objectives....but if the NE is hurting...then upper mgmt takes a close look at obj.  It just doesn’t feel like the Merck I used to belong to.
GMAX team has a a large amount of resources, however the allocation of those resources have not been distributed properly by the LT. For example, you have a Director level Franchise Point responsible for one product while you have other Director Level Franchise points that have multiple franchises. Similar, you have Director level Regional Points doing less work than an Associate Director Level Regional Point.
stop internal politics/passive aggressive culture, empower people more, really embrace different perspectives (opinions and experience)
I would like to see more support of self development. Merck has great programs and resources (like the AWS 100 in 100 program). However, finding time to participate in these opportunities is a struggle. It would be nice if time for self-development could be built in to our schedules, so that it compliments our project work instead of competing with it. I believe that allowing employees time to gain new knowledge will ultimately lead to innovation and benefit Merck.
More training to transition into a new role or responsibility would be appreciated.
The line manager's ability is not enough to lead the team
Stop giving employees too much to do, My Learning, Safe By choice, My Workday, and other things, we do have an actual job to do.
-It is very important that people managers are actually managing people or know how to manage people.  -Merck has a lot of very good programs for D&I, however the people that are apart of the problem do not participant. -Not all work groups and managers are creative equal. I would recommend others to work in my group, but not some of the other groups in Merck.
Make sure decisions are made at the right level and those people are trusted and empowered to make the decisions.  Continue with diversity and inclusion efforts including for people that may have a different leadership style than the majority at Merck.
Prioritize at all levels to help facilitate better work/life balance and to ensure we're focusing our efforts on the right things
Continue with work flexibility and ensuring an all inclusive environment.
need more resources, hiring is too slow, need efficient admins, need efficient proj mgmt., people need to hear from sr mgmt. on how they contribute to merck goals, need more awards/rewards
We have been given approval to hire a large amount of people that are certainly required in order to keep up with all the expectations but often the expectations come before the people and it causes a very stressful environment.   We are having difficulties filling approved positions with qualified applicants and my hope is that something can be done to improve this situation in Elkhorn.
MSD should bring some new products in the field of Diabetes, As Sitagliptin is going for off patent, still as a sales professional we are not aware what will happened to such a big team of Diabetes Franchisee.
Commitment to advancing diversity, inclusion and health equity and maintaining the our leadership reputation in this space across leadership transitions.
Provide strong support for those working tirelessly in the labs.  Support an inclusive culture and core hours for meetings.  Provide socialization and lunch breaks and core hours for meetings.  Work-life balance is more difficult now during the pandemic with more meetings and less time to just socialize with colleagues.  Merck/MSD is a great place to work.
Development of talent to provide newer working opportunities through permanent move as well as rotation
teams working in Merck are not aligned. each one works in own silos.
Once a system/process/way of working is taken, stick to it for at least a few years to be able to really see if it is of benefit or not. Changes are made too frequently in my opinion. Priorities could be set more clearly, not only within a group but also across departments and sites
Develop employees, determine what their professional goals are and work to meet them. Employees should want to stay with the company rather than feel stuck at the company.
Look deeper on the departments to understand why they are not always able to implement ways of working mindset.
Keep the same way of communication so far, cross trainings between departments, maintain the way of learning provided with the courses we received.
Continue to allow employees to work from home.
It seems as though a myriad of authorities outside of my management chain have the right to directly demand my time.  An initiative to streamline these non-core demands and channel them through management so that they are aware of them would be helpful.  It would be interesting to know if executive management knows how much training is required of its reports.  This seems to have exploded with Covid WfH as off-site employees look for things to do.
Bring the products to market that drive the revenue to enable Merck/MSD to provide employee the support and benefits that make people feel it  is a great place to work.
Merck has done quite well through the pandemic navigating personal circumstances, notably the childcare assistance options and the location agnostic workplace in USHH. Next steps should focus on Key Talent, as their career aspirations spring back into center stage post-pandemic.
Assess the ability to travel safely and to resume field based engagements
Career opportunities/ trainings /
make diversity and inclusion a more widely know proactive priority.  make sure to provide new additions to the business with proper integration support to make them successful: specifically a defined launch process and SAP launch and integration. Ames specifically has been looked over in this sense and there is a feeling of the technology not being taken full advantage of due to some competing company priorities.
Preparation. To continue to be forward-looking, and while doing so, understand the implications of what forward-looking TRULY means to the business. Pipeline shifts and associated innovations are costly and understanding how innovation will impact business timing will be critical for patients, employees and the business as a whole.
Simplify process and reduce the frequency of changing SOP.  Build trust in colleagues.
Align the priorities of global support functions and those of the MMD sites
Continue the fantastic drive towards diversity. This is definitely the most diverse company I've worked at in my (short) career.   Training and development definitely needs to be improved. I'm within my first year, but surprised at how few development opportunities are presented. It seems that a lot of tasks/projects are assigned to senior members of the group. I understand wanting your best people to complete higher priority objectives; however, from my perspective these senior members are relied on much too heavily. They are working 60 hours/week when we have other, newer colleagues who hardly reach 40 hours. Load leveling and delegating needs to be improved.
Simplify processes. Reduce silos, hierarchy.
Continue to reward the good work resources do
To continue with the rewards benefits to all employees
Regular reassessment of competitive salaries and providing more opportunities for raises/bonuses.
Not have as many restrictions on the sales force.  We are the front line and we should be able to access our customers as often as necessary.  As more offices start to open up, it will hurt that we can only have 12 lunches in a year when you have 7 members on a local team, and that doesn’t even count surround folks, etc.
Launch a survey after a major group reorganization and/or system change for stakeholders. The butterfly effect that happens when one group scales back on employees and replaces them with a self-serve computer program. The workload is transferred to stakeholders. Particularly, significant stakeholders who, as a result of the reduction in support, have had to take on the additional workload to meet responsibilities. The effect on stakeholders is reduction in efficiency and productivity, increasing work stress and frustration from the stakeholder's stakeholders.
Continue with its diversity and inclusion efforts along with breaking silos to networks.  Split out survey metrics to see if issues or people not as content are concentrated in certain sites and departments. Each site and area of Merck/MSD has a different culture that maybe more supportive of making it a great place to work.
Merck needs to not go overboard with unnecessary  restrictions to our work success. I feel like my own company is sabotaging my success. It’s turned a great work environment into one that is so frustrating and limiting.
Assess compensation compared to other large pharmaceutical companies, as I believe the high turnover in Global Labeling is due to better salary and incentives at other companies for less work and responsibilities.
the constant borage of D&I has gone beyond what was enlightening to overwhelming.  You can not escape this message in your life, whether it is the news, your child’s school, your work place, advertisement, etc....  I believe the majority of employees that I have met within the organization are good hearted individuals.  I don’t think Merck hires unkind people.  I believe most people have good intent.  I do not have thin skin.  I think most people use good judgement.  It feels as if I am being lectured by leadership at all levels that being woke and acting woke is now a requirement and if you indicate what I am free texting here you will be seen as a racists.  I know I am not that.  I am just saying that some middle ground would be appreciated and just because you don’t want to add pronouns to your name doesn’t makes you a bad person.  More like a private person.
Work with people manager's to encourage FWA's for employees.
focus on people, how we can better support and develop capability
Stay out of politics! I know that Merck must work within many different environments....the political environment being one, but I would like for my employer to maintain as much impartiality as possible when it comes to the political scene.
Reduce the amount of meetings we have that sometimes doesn't bring added value. Simplify some bureaucratic process that don't need to be so bureaucratic and the simplification does not jeopardize our compliance.
Stop rewarding those who left Merck and then come back with a promotion.
MSD should focus on diminishing the bureacracy as it is an obstacle for empowerment in many cases, focus on developing and attracting young talents taking in consideration that MSD has a lot of senior workers and a generational succession will be required.
Ensure the work life balance is important to the company. Employees work 12 and a half hour shifts at some sites. Why add 30 minutes to what is already half of a day at the site. This doesn't include their commute. Hire people who can get the job done and find ways to limit the buddy system when hiring.
We’ve focused too much on “diversity and inclusion”. Time to focus on business.
Provide hands on training using a semi annual schedule and provide workers with the most up to date revisions. We cannot be reliant upon information being passed down from one person to another.  Different Departments have to understand some things cannot be rushed or delivered in what their expected time frame is asking for, input and assistance in resolving an issue work hand in hand when confronted with obtaining the ultimate goal of completion.
In regard to the question - I have the resources I need to do my job well.  - I have all the resources I need except TIME.  My load is too much. The demand is speed and accuracy, which do not work well together.  Stress is super high.  I want someone outside of Allflex to come in and evaluate the Customer Service Department - jobs.  Merck needs to talk with each Customer Service employee in the department.   We need an overhaul - please.  I love my job.  I love what I do.  I want to do a great job.  And, I want to keep my job.
STOP all of the political messaging - it's not necessary or appreciated in the workplace and it doesn't coincide with the different values an opinions they claim to stand for.
Examine and simplify the processes and eliminate the roadblocks to make project work more efficient for project leads and researchers by taking away excessive administrative burdens
Don't wait until the staff is exhausted and things start falling through the cracks before approving backfills.  This is setting us up for failure.
I believe Merck is a company that respects diversity, equity and inclusion.  I have never seen nor experienced behaviors to the contrary.  I have always felt that Merck does a great job to “live” the mission of meeting the unmet medical needs of people with our products and services.  However, the company would be able to better execute its mission by removing the numerous barriers that they erect in the sales divisions.
Continue to listen and consider employee feedback. Shorten time for resources to the field. Enable a smoother process for virtual exhibits and programs.
To be open to new ideas and to not accept system or technical limitations if the change to the process makes sense and eliminates potential noncompliance.
Consider upgrading older workplaces to make them safer and more efficient, and consider upgrading software platforms to make them as user-friendly and helpful as possible.
We need to have an honest discussion about what we didn't do well in the regarding covid Tx and Vx development.  It isn't ok that we failed on execution, urgency issues.   I think we need to be honest and separate science (which does take time) vs. execution (we requires drive, efficiency)
Less US centric. Really offer open mind culture. Review HR work.
RETAIN talented people in the long run, not just hire them and let them go to work for our competitors when they are fully trained and experienced. SIMPLIFY internal processes and administration. CONNECT company systems to communicate with each other and eliminate redundancies so people would not need to perform the same steps/tasks in several systems. RESPECT employee work-life balance by hiring the right number of employees even in small countries.
Continue to simplify our business processes and IT tools and allow the time/resources for all levels acros sthe company to spend some time on this topic/bring suggestions. Continue to ensure cross divisional/company alignment across the companies priorities and products-again at all levels especially working level not just high level strategic principles.
I think it is important; continue with the adaptation that the environment demands of us in this new situation; and motivate continuous learning, and accept that there may be errors as a result of learning, the processes in access must be faster and anticipate what may come.
Merck's products are drugs and vaccines--but since the development of those products relies so heavily on science and data, we are in a sense an information company as well. There are multiple massive shifts underway in the IT organization to bring Merck's digital landscape and ways of working up to par with the fast, flexible computing that Merck employees use every day outside of work. I truly believe this will revolutionize our product development at every point along the pipeline when complete. It would be really helpful to make this massive shift if organizational and scientific leadership spoke in a unified voice with IT leadership to bring our colleagues outside of IT into the vision and the practical impacts on ways of working as these changes roll out.
It is glad that merck supports 16 weeks parental leave but according breast feeding and birth of a child unpaid leave for at least 4 weeks should be able for women without any great discussions.
Merck must invest more in educating its employees and providing them with opportunities for growth. Improve salary compared to the competition.
Time to remove the overhead roles that add no value. We are deep with checkers and check the checkers positions that do not add value.. Also continue on the you choose, work from home or at the office as Covid opens up to allow people to re-enter in a less stressful "all at once" condition, to appease stress on the rebound. Also, find a way to catch up revenue by utilizing the mass vaccination sites to deliver those doses that were missed in the last year as a public service. MMR, Gardasil drive throughs would enhance our revenue and provide the catch up support if needed, or, go to every school for inoculations like they did in the late 1960's to assure dosing and catch up.  Also there is a middle layer at Merck that keeps the business operating that is often overlooked for the "flavor of the day" and "pretty powerpoint" people. You need these operations experts to feel valued, and they are not currently.
Continue to focus on us as employees.
Continue to listen and envolving people.
1. Continue to share with the organization that Building a Diverse and Inclusive is a critical part of Merck's overall strategy. 2. Although we lend on our core competencies, we should open to new complaint ways of working.  This may include also ensuring our legal and compliance partners are open minded to these new ways of working. 3.  Streamline and simplify processes and systems to afford our medical affairs field teams to focus on Scientific Leader engagement and not a great deal of administrative work.  In short, if a systems does not work and the vendor is not willing to fix, then take our business elsewhere.  This approach is likely more cost effective than losing our talent.
Keep offering flexibility and resources to employees for COVID.
It is a great place to work already!
Do more to retain and hire talent across the organizations. It doesn't seem to be equal. We have good people leaving for lateral positions for significant increases in salary and better work/life balance which are 2 items at or near the top of everyone's list. We also see other organizations similar to ours get more people promoted and have more ability to hire additional workforce than our organization.
Treat all employees equally.  We have special calls when certain ethnic/racial classes are targeted by violence, but silence when a group of white individuals were murdered.
Look closely regarding the needs of employees who are currently working from home in this time of COVID-19 pandemic
Offer employees the option to volunteer in a charity day once every year.
We need to look at ways to course correct the current way of working to improve work life balance. In item 17, the meeting load coupled with "normal" requirements and aggressive program pace is hard to continue sustaining. Could there be a day or blocks of time for company meeting blackouts to free up time during the work day to complete work during normal business hours.
Simplify
We need to be more visible in terms of the science we are doing and showcasing to the world. Science = enables human and animal health; SCIENCE SAVES LIVES; ....
Continue to look at the talent within the region/district and mine out the experiences/skill sets team members have...military leadership, educator etc they may fit the need of our company and offer the special assignment or encourage team member to apply...a database where our company needs and the employee skill set / experience can be matched.
Flexibility and additional social benefits if there is telework
Merck and MSD should continue to support flexibility for employees as they strive for life/work balance.
Pay their employees what they're worth
continue to evaluate titles, compensation models and ensure parity with competitors
Invest appropriate resources to Research & development. It essential for Merck and MSD future!
Merck has to start making salaries not only comparable to other companies, but competitive. This used to be a factor that drew potential employees to Merck but no longer is.  We lose so many people because they can move to a new company and have less responsibility but make more money.  Merck also needs to consider who they are laying off during layoff periods and the skill level of these employees.  In the large layoff of 2014, too many extremely talented scientists were let go.  Those scientists have moved on to do great things at other companies, leaving Merck trailing behind in all things development related.  Merck is not on the forefront of science anymore.
Allow flexibility to work remotely, even after we open our offices back up.
Continue to break down silos and be open to looking at new ways of doing business. Networking is one of our most valuable resources.
Work harder at getting everyone out of their silo's.  With big projects that impact most employees, it is important for leaders to identify the connections with other processes/ contracts/ agreements in place and to assess what needs to be done. In my recent experience I see projects being managed out of silo's and this impacts change management negatively. Assessing and seeing possible impact and dealing with that at an earlier stage will help with the communication to and acceptance of teams and people that hear of the changes at a later stage.
Greater upfront visibility of increased work load such as new product introductions & large projects: with detailed workload & associated time frames, communicated to impacted groups. This would enable impacted areas to forward plan & ensure adequate resources are in place to meet the required capacity. Thus leading to improved work life balance & greater quality of work.
During the pandemic rethink the work day.   Bring back the lunch break.   No webexing between noon and 1.
My opinion is that there are more level discrepancies from one organization/department to another.  CCF is from 2012 and I'm feeling that organizations may require a refresh.
Work life balance
continue diversity initiatives in support of building the best talent programs.  Improve succession planning and knowledge building so when positions change there is stronger bench and improved ability to quickly and seamlessly backfill, or to redistribute workload evenly across teams.
When doing the training such as Speaking up Rev 1, Affirm actions compliance edu - Prov equal opp at Mrk, etc. it makes employees think Merck is a great company to work for. However, that's not my case. I spoke up my concern for my manager's micromanagement last year at the annual employee feedback. I wished she could change her way to manage the team. She seemed knew it's me and made up some reasons that I totally disagree to retaliate on my performance review even I think I did better than prior years. I think she is mentally ill and is a dishonest person who can make her managers happy but cover up many ugly things she managed her team. She is also a good example of manager to find tiny tidy things to give hard time to people reporting to her. I hesitated to report my case to Ethics, Compliance, or HR because I have kids in college and I cannot afford the unknown impacts of retaliation.
Diversity at the highest levels
Continue delivering results and continue involving staff for it, engaging all with a great culture
Career pathing (esp. in the U.S. market) is one that requires attention. What role will I have in 2 years? What is the path to promotion and timing? How will I continue to build new and different skills, required not only within Merck but as part of staying competitive in the workforce?  Another area of attention is legal/compliance. Marketers often receive conflicting or fickle guidance from our legal and compliance colleagues. Marketers need to be able to trust legal and compliance to share the right policies and regs. Marketers also should not have to overcome arbitrary legal/compliance obstacles that stand in the way of delivering approved treatments to patients.  Culture is an area of opportunity. Employees must bring their A game, own projects and deliverables, eliminate unnecessary meetings, and drive to decisions and outcomes. Also, due to the pandemic, it's difficult to get a sense of the Merck culture. What makes us unique and how am I contributing uniquely?
Simpler processes  Simpler and faster IT systems
Respond to territory dynamics and empower qualified representatives to take a more prominent role.
If our CEO will stay out of politics, it will be a better place.  I have been disappointed at the level of political rhetoric the outgoing CEO has demonstrated publicly.  I strongly believe in our mission to improve lives, it is a large reason for my choice to stay at Merck.   I also believe that Merck has an obligation to be unbiased in ALL we do.  That unbiased approach includes our hiring practices, how we support our talented individuals, treat one another, support healthcare at all levels and how we engage in the national/state political process to name a short list.  It is unclear why the outgoing CEO has picked particular issues to make public stands on while others that are as or more important to our country and our company, he remained quiet.  His actions left employees concerned about speaking out on anything that he didn’t support.
To continue to provide work from home opportunities post-pandemic times.
As we reopen, continue to explore remote vs. in-person needs for teams and individuals.  The added productivity and time not spent in commute or running meeting to meeting has been great - I just hope we don't slip back into what we "knew," just because.  Seeing colleagues has a lot of value in the right circumstances, but feeling pressure to be in the office most of the time "to be seen" In my opinion will take us backwards from the progress we've made over the last year.
Do just that - Focus on the mission of saving lives through medical and vaccine developments.  Stay out of politics
I believe we should be provided with more information on what is going on with the company from our immediate department and not just EBBs and MMD Town Halls. I would like to know more about other opportunities and areas of growth within the company to further develop my skillset. I also wish my department in general worked harder to ensure that the staff is more involved with each other.
Ensure management provide clear direction and tools to allow teams to delivery the expections !
Merck has been very supportive of providing resources during the pandemic.  However there is an "unspoken" state of anxiety of trying to make up for the pandemic and the current low level of performance.  So I feel we get lots of messages of support, however the amount of meetings and work that needs to get done is excessive.  Especially with people doing gigs and not backfilling possessions, you are giving people two jobs to do and it is taxing people and I think the level of stress is extreme.
Updates on Job prospects during a pandemic. Updates on steps being taken to improve remote work balance.
Merck could increase the level of communication and the clarity of communication between HQ and the field sales organization.  Recent HQ changes have been made, and they were not properly communicated to the field sales organization in a clear and  explanatory manner.  The timeliness and clarity of all communications could significantly be enhanced overall.
I think that we measure the success in the wrong way. Quantity of Lots produced is not the only way; we need to see efficiency, quality and cost (overtime, headcount) Related to People, I can say that people knows when your plan is not correct. They hate to be in a manufacturing room during weekends and few days after been stop because no product is available. Life balance is important to us.
Improve the work life balance, there are too many competing priorities and everyone has been pushed to the max for too long
Increase benefits such a flexible work schedules, more competitive salaries/bonuses, long term financial incentives, more affordable health insurance with more comprehensive coverage.
1. Retain and develop current talents 2. be competitive on the compensations and benefits 3. Focus on the patients not the process 4. Every function should be treated equally and fairly. Not only are the BUs important, the other functions are all contributing to the company in some way.
Continue to have monthly meetings to discuss issues and work as a team to resolve them
During a pandemic, Merck should allow an employee's spouse to be utilized for the Backup Child Care option. There are instances where the parents may not need to quarantine but the child does (example: child was exposed to COVID at daycare). It is unreasonable to ask someone outside of the immediate family to provide childcare for your child and put them at risk for contracting COVID. Without this option, many parents need to find ways to work from home and take care of their child at the same time which can result in not high quality work or mistakes made.   Vaccination clinics for the COVID vaccine should be held on site like we do for the flu shot. We should set an example to the rest of our local community.
I’m so proud of the pharmaceutical innovations that the company is pursuing to help with COVID.  I hope that Merck will continue to act for the good of the planet if/when these products are ready to be used by the world.  I am proud to make customers aware of clinical trial results- so thank you for CONTINUING TO DO THE SCIENTIFIC WORK REQUIRED to enhance the scientific knowledge in the disease states that you are present in.  I like the idea that “If Merck makes a product in this disease state, we will ALL learn more about this disease state due to their hard work and emphasis on patient outcomes.”
Take non-value added work i.e. numerous governance reviews for decisions.  Better work/life balance.  The amount of work on people's plate is always above 100%.
Resource us (Headcount, funding) to do the things we are asked to do properly.
Be sure to really listen to people who courageously reach out for help/guidance.  I have seen people reach out through the proper channels to get support/help with some injustices and nothing has been done to rectify.  It makes us doubt that speaking up is really worth it..
By recognizing contributions made by employees and motivating them. By giving employees opportunities to showcase their abilities and guiding them through the process.
Empowerment: Create more opportunities for open forum discussion and create a safe space in meetings. Often during all employee, leadership and team call their is a very structured agenda. One of those line items should be open discussion of what our employees are struggling with, what is working for them, what is on their plate etc. The ability to speak up reduces stress, builds trust and reinforces a safe environment.  Wellness: Give employees a "wellness week off" - 5 vacation days on set date or days of their choice. Remote working has resulted in longer hours of working due to the elimination of commutes and even the standard lunch breaks. With the inability to travel last year and many employees getting vaccinated this year they will want to visit family, take a vacation or even just a mental break from work. LinkedIn did this for their work force and it was really well received.   Remote working: Promote the hybrid working model. Many people don't feel safe returning to office.
(1) Create an inclusive culture (2) Let decisions be made at the working level
MSD does a wonderful job with it's policies to make employees feel taken care of and important. The work environment is amazing. All MSD soft skill initiatives should be rolled down to all MSD employees independent of department.
I have appreciated the flexibility and adaptability of leadership to those of us in the position where our children are not back in school full time.  This flexibility has allowed me to be able to continue to juggle responsibilities.
Continue to be open to new ideas and cultivate a culture of innovation.  Bring in some fresh and younger perspective to our work.
-continue to improve and invest in R&D (in oncology, vaccines) but diversify also our portfolio  -build innovative solutions to ease patient and HCP's experience (packaging of the future, simple access to medecines, more partnerships)  -simplify the organisation & interface more our processes -invest and develop our talented  junior staff & better use talented senior and experienced managers input
focus on the pipeline
stablish more opportunities to grow at the company
More work-life balance. More focus on EBRGs within Animal Health.
Appreciate employees, and especially their hard work during these difficult times.
Process Chemistry Department should do a better job at the Work/Life Balance and Wellness of its employees.
Continue to do what is “right” and “just”. Not just for patients, but for employees as well. Continue to ask for suggestions from the field. We are the “work horses” and know what we need to make our roles more effective.
Move faster to stay in front of all the changes occurring and not be a reactive company.
It may not be MSD but the area where I am, which does not have correct communication and does not support its staff. There are many managers but not good leaders.  I don't even remember that it was a 1 :1
Ensure that there are enough employees to complete the work assignments so departments are not stretching their capacity.
Bring people back onsite to work; our team has suffered especially from interactions with each other and management; we often go days without seeing a manager on site and when they are they're too busy to really take time to listen.
Empower local team to make the decisions for the business, move away from cookie cutter, centralised control approach. Remove policies which are not customer centric, significantly reduce and simplify work processes
Being as transparent as possible about future organizational plans/product promotions.  Also to continue to the give customer facing employees the tools and flexibility they need to connect with customers not only in-person, but also remotely and in the digital space.  We need to the ability to balance compliance with engagement via email, text and other digital platforms.
1. Improve work/life balance by ensuring there is proper prioritization on all projects from the top down.  2. Identify tools to increase productivity and a culture that relies less on email and 30 or 60 minute meetings (create a culture where 15 minute meetings are more common and people are trained to improve meeting efficiency) 3. Remove the current end of year differentiation process with only 20% of folks recognized as a top performer and replace with a new model that encourages collaboration over competition. 4. Reward people with better work/life balance instead of more pay/bonus/inspire points.
I believe managers and executives want people to take care of themselves and utilize the PTO we are provided; however, I get the impression that most people, myself included, hesitate to take time off for fear of delaying timelines and deliverables.  The projects we are working on are meaningful and can impact many people, but that can also have unintentional consequences of people not feeling they can step away.
Instrumentation should be appropriately resourced so that instrument failures and prolonged downtime do not impede progress.
to evaluate the possibility of working remotely even when this pandemic is over
Address lack of advancement opportunities outside of the sales department.
Become more patient and customer relationship oriented, less metrics based on inadequate corp lists that are no longer current (Alternatively, counterbalance w/  activity based off of entire call deck, and gauge effectiveness EOY.).  Add ways to recalibrate objectives if there have been significant  market events at local levels.  Trust us and allow us to be a graceful and valuable resource to customers.
This may only apply to me, but I do think the specialty sales organization could do a slightly better job of rewarding our performances. I was very disappointed that there was no VP award for 2020. Yes, I know there was a pandemic, but many of my friends at other pharma companies still had the opportunity to win that coveted reward in 2020. It was a tough year and I did place in the top 10% . We still had the entire first quarter to start strong and then the rest of the year to interact in new and virtual ways which I embraced and feel as though my successes were swept under the table.  A bit disappointing. However I do love this company, my team, my CTL and my overall job. I feel very lucky.
Message and value all talent.   There is so much focus on top talent only that it leaves many left behind.
Find ways to make work/life balance achievable.  High pressure deliverables with minimal staff and movement across the organization makes work very stressful and long hours.
Reassess work-life balance. We talk the talk but don't walk the walk. We are in non-stop meetings, deadlines, urgent issues to deal with almost every day - the burnout is real and it is affecting people and teams. The need to balance longer time inside the house with increased family needs as well as more work is quickly becoming unmanageable.
Once we get back to the "new normal" remain aligned with the current new ways of working.  Those that have been fully functioning from home during the pandemic should have the opportunity to continue to work remotely and go to the office periodically to work.  We should be able to do this without completing any forms and having things approved.  It is a win for the company (saving all the overhead expenses, etc.) as well as the employees (commuting time, expenses, etc.).
Keeping putting in the first place their employees.
I believe that the company is making great efforts to have a great place to work as well as quickly adapting to the social tendencies. Giving more visibility to the actual created or implemented innovations would also be good.
Don't bring up money during the company updates. It just gives off the impression that you are doing it for the shareholders and not the patients. Where I used to work, whenever we had this quarterly updates, monetary figures were not even brought up, despite knowing how successful the company had been doing the past quarter/year.
Allocate adequate resources; stop implementing 7-day workdays to achieve company's goals in the middle of summer (vacation time/family time)
- Frequently communicate the value delivered to our patients, customers and to our society  - Elevate data science at the enterprise level and recruit top data science talent - Actively promote DEI initiatives to build an inclusive culture  - Make Merck the most attractive place to work for future talent
Be proactive about backfilling significant leadership positions in more timely fashion. Our division GWES is going through significant leadership changes that are not sustainable without prompt backfill and/or clear communication to the employee population of how we will bridge this gap.   Otherwise, I am extremely proud to be a Merck / MSD employee and feel supported in my role!
Promote remote working where possible once the pandemic is over
There's a good environment, I think that could be better if we have more growth opportunities, more vertical movements
Continue to invest in unique research and products to deliver value to customers in order to compete against competition and grow our business.  Large livestock customers are more and more transactional in purchasing decisions due to the similarity of animal health products, recent generic approvals and the ability to readily find the information to make product comparisons when actives are the same.
keep asking these questions
Invest in employees at all levels and stages of their career, not just newer in career, next gen or top talent. Everyone has a unique perspective and brings their knowledge and experience to the table and should feel valued. Change the model of having a "sponsor" in order to move up in the organization. Not everyone is offered the same opportunities from that perspective. Give people resources and time to innovate, think outside the box and bring new, fresh perspectives to the table. I love that Merck has changed it's policy on child care leave to be longer and more inclusive of both parents. Even though I don't benefit from it, I think it's a great example of changing to meet the needs of newer in career employees. Encourage people to take mental health days as needed. There is a lot of guilt in not working all the time. This needs to be modeled from above. Continue to provide an excellent total rewards package for employees.
Continue to promote within where applicable to boost loyalty and moral and continue excelling at true work life balance
Separate Merck the company from the views of select employees. When the executive offers can bring their opinions in and make those the position of the company and an individual employee at a lower level can't, that's a problem. Solving a societal issue as a corporation when half the country and potentially half your employees have a different perspective will only alienate people.
Suggest ground rules to allow for reasonable meeting times (no time for breaks or lunch) and OT expectations. High performers continue to deliver for now but cost of that is becoming burn out for many.
reconsider the use of open space floor plans to replace offices and dedicated work stations.
The lack of mobility through the research ladder can be demoralizing. Some people go their whole careers, which are successful, only getting two promotions. I wish we had more steps in the promotion ladder so you could see yourself progressing more than once every 5-10 years.
Should secure talent that can develop a strong pipeline.
Continue to focus on new and novel medications and or combinations for the benefit of patients.
Although there is a lot of understanding and support around individual's personal situations during this WFH/pandemic period, there is no flexibility around expectations and timelines.  This is one of the downfalls of a matrixed organization...we may have a lot of support from out managers, but our stakeholders are the ones we answer to day-to-day.
Transform the way we work (standard work, reduce unnecessary churn) . Make timely, informed decisions.
up grade the facilities, We recruit millennials but cannot retain them for long. The site has no extra curricula activities or outlets or classes like a lot of other companies
Continue with the initiatives of groups such as the Women's network and Next Gen Network. They help the professional and personal development of employees.
More open communication about the future, what it looks like.  We all just want to feel a part of the organization and feel confident in our ability to contribute and provide for our families in the current world environment.
Focus on doing good science to produce unique medicines that improve the quality of human and animal health
Merck is doing an excellent job and I want our company to follow the same to achieve our mission .
Maintance with strong attention in our mental health.
Value employees with years of experiences, inclusion and diversity also includes employees of all ages. There is ageism at Merck / MSD
I believe the leaders of Merck Animal Health do a great job. Considering the current charged political and social environment we are living in, as a corporate business I feel not commenting at all or staying neutral would be the preferred stance. Merck is a great place to work because ALL are treated equally. I value the skip a level meetings. Continuing to pursue a team approach where all levels of input are taken into account is critical to success.
We need more people to do the work or better prioritization of the work.   Work never seems to be taken out of the system, and as a result, people are working longer hours including frequent work on weekends and during vacation.  Work-Life Integration needs to be recalibrated or employees while continue to leave the organization.
Focus on making processes simpler
Refrain from pushing political views onto employees unless there is a means for employees to respond without fear of retaliation in any form. In general, brining either side of the political spectrum into the workplace is a bad idea. It's evident there is a political bias in the company and it alienates those that don't share that viewpoint. This further divides the company as it's counter-productive to an inclusive workforce and does not foster a workplace that's open to fair and productive discussion.
stay focused on the patients we serve and don't be distracted by politics
Making sure we are keeping up with the pace of change in the healthcare market place.
Stop giving mixed messages.  Example, every single day we are bombarded with the need to 'accept' diversity and not be afraid to 'speak up' but we are warned not to express ourselves in case we may offend someone.  The result is that everyone is so afraid of saying the wrong thing that they don't say anything at all.  The culture of trying to be politically correct and including 'diversity' objectives has become unbearable which has me looking to quit Merck in the near future.  What happened to just judging performance for the job someone was hired to do keeping in mind the general business behaviors (working as a team, positive attitude, showing respect and politeness)? I feel it is extremely bad taste for the CEO to discuss political situations in the US via sync or other venues when this is a global company.  There are government induced atrocities happening in many countries that are never a topic scrolled across sync etc.
Leadership needs to focus more on aligning with each other, rather than handing down visions and objectives that don't fit well from work group to work group. This creates situations in which non-leadership personnel are having to justify their work to leaders who are not in their organization. These conversations should be happening between leaders and be handed down after there is already agreement.
Oncology is a very competitive market to work in.  Many have left Merck for better pay, better opportunities, less restrictions, less reps per territory , etc... Pay reps just a bit more to make leaving less Incentivizing.  Try to limit restrictions.
Merck needs to focus on paying for performance. There is little incentive to be compensated past 100% of given goals and salary is not competing with other leaders in the industry. It’s a great place to get experience and leave for more money. The products were great but there is little incentive to stay with the company with their over-restrictive policies and compensation.
The procedures change frequently and this creates a sense of uncertainty in the daily tasks: it is difficult to know if you are doing things according to the Compliance, as procedures change so often and many times these changes are not translated to the teams efficiently.
Allow more hybrid roles (i.e. virtual) without having to relocate to HQ in the US.
Allow the flexibility to work remotely and adapt a hybrid schedule post pandemic.  Recognize the feeling of burnt out especially during a pandemic and managing work and family.
Merck/MSD is a wonderful place -- I think just continuing to make sure everyone's safety is first, being flexible and making sure patients are taken care of -- thank you
Simplify workflows like reporting, communicate information related to development opportunities. To give more information regarding opportunities (Assignments, participation in workstreams or specific projects) to evolve in our roles that allow achieve competences to face future positions. More active implication from managers. 2. Bureaucracy: There is an amount of complexity and time-consuming procedures like reporting. Related to execution of educational activities there is a need to be simplified to optimize our time. Experienced team-members in certain processes should be listened in order to work in the best way to implement this changes.
I very much enjoy my work and everyone that I interact with at Merck.  I think it is a great company.  I would like to offer a few comments regarding some things which have made me feel alienated in recent months.  It would be nice if politics could be left out of the executive team's communications.  Statements from President Frazier, for example, about the national elections, political events, etc. served no real purpose in advancing our company's mission, but alienated employees who may not share his perspective.  We are scientists, critical thinkers; let us use our skills to form our own conclusions on current events.  It would be great if our leaders could focus on communications which uplift and unify all of us under our common mission and shared goals.
do not get involved in politics, such as election reform in Georgia
With corporate accounts increasing in numbers for veterinary clinics, we are increasing our upfront discounts to them and at the same time, asking more of our smaller 2-3 doctor practices.  These smaller clinics are the very definition of loyal and yet we continue to raise prices and also raise the levels of purchases needed to earn rebates. Consumer rebates are getting thinner and are requiring more dollars from the client....while we are still in a pandemic.
create a culture where sharing of negative opinions is supported; better work/life balance (ex. J&J gives 1/2 day off and days off for time off with family ahead of major holidays, etc.); better / more recognition of efforts/key deliverables
Make better decisions when selecting External Suppliers and Packagers, promote more IT people, be more transparent about pipeline
increased communication and transparency at the local level.  Look for input from employees, again at the local level
Focus on inspiring and recognizing those that go above and beyond in their role.
Continue to allow employees the flexibility to work from home.  Thank you
Stop taking sides politically.  Stop making political contributions that are not directly related to our line of business.  Merck should not be involved in whether or not the all-star baseball game is played in Atlanta, Colorado, or Mars.  If Ken Frazier wants a position in the Biden White House, he should do so on his own name, not while representing Merck.
Continue to value its employees and providing a safe and healthy working environment.
Continue to allow flexibility in working remote, continue to understand how difficult the pandemic is for us all personally and professionally and that everyone may be experiencing the pandemic changes differently and with varying levels of perceived impact/stress/change to their routines. Continue to support open communication and transparent and supportive conversations across all levels and prioritize the most important work to prevent burnout.
There are very few promotions to those that perform a good job. P2s and M1s get stuck in there roles and with the salary caps and lack of P3s in operations there is no way to retain talent and knowledge.
Continue to invent for life experimenting new ideas and listening to patients and customers
More one-on-one cross-functional mentorship opportunities.  More flexibility for hybrid work location arrangements across the organization.
I have been at MAH for almost 1.5 years; when I look at the WOW, I see many areas we - here on site, Elkhorn, NE, and company wide are addressing and I see clear direction.   ~ For example, I feel learning possibilities are available in many areas. I have signed up for TEAMS training, tips on Outlook, and other courses made available through Productivity Plus, which is a great resource.  My manager is great about encouraging furthering my knowledge of the company and systems.   However {you knew there would be a "however" :-)}, I see some real struggles with silos.   An example: ~I haven't met many people on site outside of R&D & AC.  I do realize most of my time here so far has been during covid, but I feel there are still some online sitewide inclusion activities that would allow us to feel more connected.  Which would make inter-department projects much easier, in my opinion. ~ I would be happy to give more input, if there is interest, however, there is a limit on words. Thank you!
We need to learn as much as possible from how we were able to change our Ways of Working in response to the pandemic.  We were able to operate effectively as a company with most employees working remotely.
I don't believe that our company is just a great place to work but rather a fantastic, wonderful, caring, and far exceeds any company I have worked for or with in my career.  My only thought on room for improvement could be in the area of vendor management.  Too often the bigger, most known vendor receives the contract when there are many smaller companies that provide a niche service.  I find that when we work with the large companies like SAP, there isn't accountability on the vendor part.  There should be penalties for missed delivery dates and not just a slap on the wrist. Basically all vendors should have skin in the game to help us deliver on promises to our leadership team and ultimately our patients. I appreciate being given the opportunity to provide feedback to move us from GREAT to FABULOUS!
Discover novel medicines to address unmet disease and health needs.  Prepare the company for the next virus after the COVID-19.  Change the adjuvant in our vaccines to support room temperature storage and viability.  Have a drug for the MERSA and drug-resistant bacteria. Support fair elections and speak out against the voting law changes that aim on suppressing Voting by everyone. Continue to offer the Work from Home even after the pandemic is over.
Upper management and site leadership needs to be more involved with how work is done in their departments; there seems to be a disconnect between management and workers; managers do not understand the challenges their employees face and do not work to break down barriers between organizations that prevent groups from working together; groups seem to have their own agendas and goals that do not necessarily align with company goals; too much emphasis is given to strategy and not enough attention is devoted to tactical work and day-to-day issues that prevent groups from working harmoniously, efficiently and effectively
There needs to be clear boundaries set for WFH - it is not ok for employees to be working for greater than 40hrs/week and then have to log on during the weekends. If you are set to go on vacation there should not be an expectation that you have to work.
Reduce governance complexity and empower PDT, VCMT to take more decisions inside the brand teams.
Improve on it's retention of employees.  Promotions should not be limited to 2x per year or a set percentage.
Please continue support and grow the amazing culture that exists here at Merck.   1.  Embrace and recognize the commitment of each member of this organization. 2. Continue to be thoughtful and flexible during times of uncertainty. 3. Be transparent with future plans.
CONTINUOUS TO SUPPORT THE WORKFORCE TO WORK FROM HOME DURING AND AFTER THE PANDEMIC STABILIZATION SINCE IT HAS BEEN PROVED THE INCREASE OF PRODUCTIVITY AND EFFICIENCY WORKING FROM HOME INSTEAD OF GOING BACK AND FORTH FROM THE OFFICE AND HOME
Challenge complex work processes to streamline, and as a result reduce workload, allowing more time for innovation, and for a better work-life balance.
Continue to foster the culture of support and development of employees and patient and healthcare provider focused goals that we have developed over the years at Merck.
I love working at MSD, I am proud to be part of this team.  If possible, it would evaluate the possibility of improving health insurance for employees.
. Break the silos! and realize “One MSD” once for all . Talent attraction and management: thanks to our experience during pandemic and in order  to foster D&I, act on talents independently from their mobility status . Be brave and less risk adverse .  Redesign (increasing) our footprint (R&D and manufacturing) across several Countries in Europe, in order to shape the environment and the conversation, recognizing EU is a valuable and influential partner . Increase our time dedicated to interactions with our Customers: especially since the beginning of the pandemic, we are too much distracted by internal meetings
Add additional personal to administrative positions in Pricing and Customer Service
I feel really happy working for MSD, the flexibility has allow me to continue college and spend more time with my family.  I love the flexi- Friday initiative , the D&I activities , the soft skills trainings and all the equipment that MSD has provided me to be comfortable Working from home.    It would be great if we can create more activities or visibility to the current ones related to learning other languages.
Looking  for  strategic  alliances  with  other companies  in the   research/ supply products/ commercial in order to  increase pipeline. Early approach  with  governments to get  approval for  new  treatments  for  COVID.
continue to do what they are doing...challenging the status Quo
have clubs to engage all departments. Have good supplies for females in the restroom. example good tampons and pads.
Embrace Agile ways of working. Listen and explore new ideas and concepts. Drive efficiencies through risk based decisions.
provide transparency on post covid workplace
Focus on helping people through making life changing medicines.  Treat everyone with dignity and respect.  Respect that in a diverse work force people will have different views on situations and don't try to cram one viewpoint down on the company.  Perhaps focus on inclusivity rather than diversity.  Because by being inclusive you will naturally become diverse.  But focusing on diversity, does not necessarily result in inclusivity.
Diversity in all regions of the sales organization. Black reps should be represented in all Regions and Districts. Having gay, Asian or Hispanic is not the true inclusion if you don’t have any black representation.
Merck is a great company with a great culture. We have excellent products and an excellent pipeline and are well positioned for the future. This goes along way towards employee retention, but Merck needs to offer competitive compensation to avoid employees feeling that they are being taken advantage of. The entire industry will see a major turnover of people in the next 5 years. Attracting and keeping the right people will be a challenge in a very competitive market unless we consider changes.
Allow work from home as a choice for all roles that do not have to be in the office 5 days a week.
I think there is a culture at Merck that leans toward micromanaging and having many people weigh in. This impacts productivity and efficiency and add to the stress and demands of the team. We say that only 80% is good enough but I really don't see that trickling down to the work. I still get the sense that perfect is the expectation at the AVP/ED/Director level.
reevaluate the resources with have relative to what our competitors are offering.
I believe that the way that we are doing the things will drive us to reach our company mission and vision.
Within the past 9 years, company headquarter was changed from Whitehouse to Kenilworth and now to Rahway.  This is just too much and causing confusion.  It also has financial impact which can be used to award people or to improve facility.  Flex center is one of the examples that we should put more efforts to bring in new technologies.
1.-Continue taking care of the health of your employees. 2.-Adapt to the different markets that you are changing due to pandemic issues. 3.-Listen more to the needs of our clients and adapt to them and not that they adapt to the company. 4.-Invest in sales force training: diplomas, conferences and courses that are a differentiator vs the competition.
Myself I think we ( employees ) have very little say as to anything. Example I had a supervisor ( manager ) who would make fun of people ( age, education, fitness, weight, ability to move ) I was attending safe by choice class and brought this up to my peers on how he would insult people no one did anything or even question me about it. I as an employee ended up moving to another department as well as another worker that it is very sad to think that I had to transfer out of a place that I was great at doing because of this. That is why I don't trust some things here.
For my case all posts need experience and how can i apply for it if i work for another department 🙁 Um so sad as i have 2 choices continue as sale or leave MSD where i belong and feel secure
Teamwork, Respect for others, Collaboration and engagement at various position levels, work-life balance
Focus more of our improvement efforts on solving process related problems from an end to end perspective and not within our own functions
Further improve collaboration and Knowledge Management between sites, and between AH and HH
Management must focus more on 'managing' company, the pipeline and the products we produce, refrain from getting into politics which sways us further to partisanship. As a minority, i value diversity and I have been successful partly because of the support of my (white) co-workers. With the current climate and the 'diversity' training employees are asked to complete, I feel at some point we are moving towards reverse-discrimination.
Recognize those that implement an initiative on a daily basis.  I find that the face of the initiative is always recognized but the people actually doing the work on a day-to-day basis are forgotten.
I use to feel like my job as a sales representative was valued.  Everyday that I talk to HCP’s I feel like I am making a difference, however, the messages we receive from management lately make me feel like they see no value in our efforts. It has been a challenging year for sure, but the amount of interactions we have had in chronic care even when we’re remote is significant.  It would mean a lot if we were appreciated for our efforts.
The flexibility of work has been on display for the past year due to the pandemic. Once the pandemic is over, the flexibility should stay as an option to employees (i.e. working hours, remote working).
Better insurance.  I know our plan is somewhat competitive but all employer provided health care kind of stinks right now and can be better.
Keep investing in R & D to bring novel and first in class medicine
Promote a culture where it is valued to help others if you have the capability/knowledge to provide support, even if it is outside of your current job role.  I see many instances where people are either too busy or don't care to help others.  What happened to 'one merck'?
Increase manpower resources to redistribute the activities that accumulate to a single person. Overwork can cause stress and frustration with non-delivery or interfere with quality of life, as the employee needs more hours of work to complete all activities.
Increasing collaboration between different functions: Moving from silos to networks
We need to better prioritize. We should have been one of the first companies with a vaccine but we wouldn't and couldn't prioritize and get resources focused on this important vaccine.  We had too much going on in 2020 with Organon spin off, COVID and then keeping all other objectives.      Also, I am concerned with MRL as we have been slow at exploring digitization technologies for clinical trials as well as new technologies like CRISPR and MRNA.    From a supply chain perspective, Pharma has always been behind other industries as it relates to efficiently and effectively delivering to customers. There is a lot of waste in our distribution and payor systems.  We have to stop making excuses and look at  best practices from other industries to  lead the industry out of this mindset and deliver on -time for less to our patients.  Innovation is not just in research but in how we get things to our patients.
Focus on what we do and our business
The toll of the pandemic continues to weigh on us all. In addition, the pressure to be "at work" more hours than ever while WFH, but ending every night with a feeling that not enough got done, always feeling behind, is very taxing to mental health. There is a certain emptiness in the message that mental health is important, while not addressing it in a meaningful, top down way.
While I believe the company had done wonders to increase inclusion since I started many years ago, it feels as if there has been some back sliding in the last year. I am concerned with the lack of female representation in upper management especially.
Continue to lead the industry with our values and integrity
Keep offering ways of improving the work-life balance.
Allow for broader participation in LTIs for band 400 (and below) employees
Many/most of us are dreading a return to commuting.  Allowing continued (long-term, post-Covid) work from home for employees that do not participate in research or other tasks that require being on-site would tremendously improve our quality of life and work-life balance.  There is no need for return to office for Job functions that are 100% compatible with remote work.  Notifying us of that ability, as soon as possible, would take some of the uncertainly out of these difficult times.
More posibilites to work in different areas in order for people to get to know how the company works
Better work-life balance.
Listen to the field about the compliance issues, the RAT tool, and other things that come up.
Talent Development and Allow balancing family and personal time from daily work.
Offer advancement opportunities to all employees.
I believe the company, on the whole, is on a sound path to achieve our mission.  From a local perspective, leadership needs greater oversight/coaching when it comes to managing people.  My LT has fortified the silos, fractured the business, and created an environment of distrust and apathy.  In a recent survey 69% of my colleagues said the LT lacks trust.  When the results were presented to the organization they made it appear to be an organizational issue not an LT one.
More communication and transparency across the research divisions on how decisions and strategic directions are made.  This has improved recently but could be even better.  Additionally, valuing diversity of opinion and scientific input at every level -- there is still quite a bit of "politics" that make people feel disenfranchised.
Better support  of clerical tasks and  whenever possible simplification of labor intensive procedures-  hope AI and block-chain  may contribute to this change.  Keep up the D&I initiatives and foster an improved approach to meetings -  duration, breaks and "meeting free times
I am very proud of being part of Merck. I fully respect and admire  Merck's mission and vision.  I think  Merck is already considering the next steps moving forward. One of the steps Merck should take is considering employees ideas and be open to be more innovative by utilizing unconventional approaches for drug discovery.
Increase the investment and resources to adopt newer technologies to make work easier.  Too much of our work is still manual and time consuming.  Digital tools are available but too slow in coming along.
Create realistic objectives in markets with limited access.
to program more interaction among workers as working remote feels a little bit lonely
I have worked for Merck for 17+ years.  I have always been proud of the company that I work for because they do the right thing and help millions of patients. COVID has impacted the culture in a dramatic way.  Diversity and Inclusion has impacted culture in a dramatic way.  It’s all been a bit much to take at times.  The thought that a company can identify the individual differences of 58,000 employees and encourage the “authentic self”, it’s driving our culture in the wrong direction. For a unified and impactful team, whether it’s 5 or 55,000, there MUST be a focus on what we have in common.  Out of the the 58,000 employees at Merck there is no one that is exactly the same., we all know it. We have a job to do. Help physicians and their patients.  It is frustrating and not helpful for leadership to bring politics and controversy to the workplace.  What happened to leaving politics at home when you show up for work. There is nothing wrong with that...most of us just want to do our jobs
Remove many of the barriers to succeed in the field sales force
continue work-from-home flexibility (when possible) after the pandemic is over.
On the commercial side, experimentation and innovation (at speed and scale) will continue to be inhibited until we completely revamp our medical / legal approval process.  Experimentation and innovation yield satisfied employees who feel their extra efforts are recognized.
Please focus on diversity and inclusion for Director and above roles....too many roles recently have gone to non-diverse candidates.  It can get very discouraging, especially when women have borne the brunt of the pandemic versus men.
Speak more with the employees in each country. Provide an accurate pay rise for the countries in which inflation is too high
Encourage wellbeing. Avoid from 4.30 pm in the evening. Reduce the number of meetings.
My opinion, having worked at other pharma companies and with colleagues at other pharma companies (both large and small), Merck, at times, can be overly restrictive w/ compliance interpretations in the US.  It makes the job of the field medical organization very complicated and often at times, misaligned with expectations that senior leaders have.   Any benchmarking we can do w/ other companies that allows us to assess our comfort level w/ certain activities could improve our customer centricity and effectiveness.
Assure all sites leverage the practices, tools and personal allowances that mainland sites or corporate offices supports.  Particularly some Pandemic arrangements offered to US colleagues are denied or implemented several months later here in Puerto Rico (office supplies for colleagues working from home, specific hrs in the calendar blocked to allow kid's food preparation while working from home, computer hardware for the home office).
There are a number of great initiatives in place that if fully adopted from top to bottom will make all the difference. Being site-based, we see a lot of disconnect between what the EC says and what our local site leadership says or how they interpret that guidance.
stop taking from hourly employees to feed the greed
No comment doing very well.
More incentives and little gifts while everyone works from home during the pandemic
Increase compensation aligned to other top companies.  100% stock eligibility to ensure retention.  Better career development opportunities.
Continue flexibility for work/personal life balance during pandemic.
I feel Merck and MSD are doing the right things to put us in a strategic position in the marketplace. We are taking risks in our portfolio and starting to diversify our therapeutic expertise. Merck and MSD should continue to be focused on putting patients first and following science. I also appreciate Merck and MSD's stance on geopolitical issues as well as the environment. It is great to work for a company that embraces an evolving world and being at the front of it.
Continue to support an environment free of barriers with respectful inclusiveness.
Continue to focus on doing the right thing and not share prices. Keep up the good work!
reduce processes in scientists events
The site is very busy at the moment with tight timelines to meet and as a result people's work life balance is suffering. Senior management needs to continue to prioritize effectively to level the workload and improve leads work/ life balance
Discontinue the seemingly bias political inferences and impositions
Keep investing in pipeline so we can see what the future holds.  Also, for customer facing employees, please ask for some feedback on recent policies.  Many of the new policies have been putting us at a competitive disadvantage.
Look at the past to learn from it and remember we are all human and make mistakes.
Have leadership better communicate timelines and stay focused on those timelines in regards to experimentation and subsequent documentation that needs to be completed. Also have better communication in general about "Merck-in-the-news" - I see developments about Merck from outside news sources before I hear about it via official company channels. Seems like a bit of a disconnect there (especially if the news has been submitted to the public via press release). I'm not suggesting that employees know before the outside world, just that, if the outside world gets a press release, maybe it should also be shared internally.
I appreciate that Merck is trying to change with the times. It would be great to hear from Merck leadership to drive morale for the company and provide employees with information related to job security. I am very interested in the GCTO mentoring program and I hope similar programs are offered in the future to continue to promote growth within the company. I am eager for new processes and systems that can make our jobs easier though I do wish there was more exploration into SIP implementation. The hurdles we have to jump through to get small tasks achieved are slowing our regular tasks and hindering the work we should be able to get done day-to-day. Additionally, Cognizant and MRL helpdesk resolutions are not timely enough for the amount of work we are required to do in the system. And finally, I appreciate that we are pushing for no meeting Fridays and I hope that will continue. I also hope that summer hours will come back as there have been limited vacations due to the pandemic.
Making professional dev tracks for all roles would be helpful. Or if we would like to make lateral moves within our dept, division or Merck, a resource to assist with how to go about it would be helpful.
Offer RSUs to employees for future investment into the company.
Honestly, I feel like with a company as large as ours, that is a difficult question to answer. I think the company does a terrific job of providing resources for employees & focusing on patient outcomes.
Share more, obviously as it is possible, of the future plans you have for the company and us.
Remember that the people are the backbone of the company so their well-being is critical to success.
I enjoy working from home and prefer to stay that way.  It's nice to have a set space with all my job needs instead of carrying a heavy backpack into work every day and finding a desk that is compatible.
Continue D&I efforts, setting more aggressive targets for women, UEG in leadership roles and holding managers accountable for creating diverse & inclusive environment.  Continue transparency in post COVID return to work plans, focus on employee health/safety.  Share more information on additional Fortify our Future efforts/initiatives and changes that will occur in Merck post the Organon spin-off.
1. continue to prioritize diversity; 2. simplify and centralize the communication of what is important;
I think the growth opportunities have diminished in the last year. Sometimes I feel like there are very limited opportunities to land a new role. Given that, I think that increasing these possibilities for everyone would be great!
I appreciate everything Merck and MSD is doing now. Please keep up the good job!
My hope is the new leadership continues to embrace the legacy our previous one. One of the reasons Merck is such a great place is the leadership and actions of our leadership that have made this a place we are proud to work. While change and adaptation are always needed in our industry, I hope it is with the mindset of the company and mission first rather than trying to establish and differentiate themselves from their prior peers.
Consider a mid-year shutdown, like LinkedIn provides its employees, to create a second real break for employees. https://www.businessinsider.com/linkedin-vp-explains-company-shutdown-perk-2016-12
Less pressure from the planning manager when processes don't work the first time through no fault of the technician. Sometimes, that's how biological processes go, and creating an environment where the technician is made to feel pressured to catch up leads to more mistakes and unnecessary stress. There's a range in delivery dates for this reason, but that doesn't stop this manager from letting her stress about the situation trickle down.
Make sure they are open and honest about what is going on rather than keeping people guessing
Allow taking open, unscripted questions from the field about issues of interested to FBE.
Embark on large change initiative with thoughtful implementation plans.  (Streamline and NewCo simultaneously could have been better thought out.)
I believe Merck should take a stand against racial injustice that does occur on plant site. I don't believe site-wide emails and myLearnings are enough. People of different backgrounds offer different perspectives which helps drive the company toward success. Hire more people of differing backgrounds and promote more people of differing backgrounds.
We need to take more concrete steps towards building a truly diverse and inclusive work force and culture. We have to promote people who don't match the typical mold. We have to be more open to new ideas and changing the way we do things.
Continue to be open, honest , and transparent in communicating with the various employee groups. When issues or concerns arise, continue to answer with integrity. Continue to focus on diversity, equity and inclusion and ensure it is a focus on “all” diversity and not just an issue of race and social justice.  These are two different topics that tend to be smashed together and it blurs the lines of both. Every individual exhibits diversity! They each bring variable experiences, backgrounds, educations, family and/or private situations, disabilities and values that all can be an essential part of a team based on the teams needs. The focus of DEI seems to at times take a turn where we lose focus of what diversity truly is by definition.  Delivering on the mission, continue to research and meet the needs of the worlds population as Merck has always done.
Listen to employees and support them beyond the bare minimum. Provide support in practical and clear ways including normalizing or even mandating time off and decompression opportunities for overworked and overstressed employees. Continue to assess employee turnover and find ways to achieve higher employee retention especially in early discovery where turnover can derail or slow new programs. Improve IT systems and online communications platforms to improve day-to-day experience and avoid IT headaches that can significantly affect one's ability to work. Support and enable MRL to achieve the discoveries and breakthroughs needed to propel Merck into the future.
Oncology TA needs to bring in a 3rd party group to interview and grasp the scope of the MRL barriers/issues to present to leadership to be able to begin to address the extensive issues and culture
Encourage more open-minded thinking about tackling problems and enabling things to get done without so many levels of red tape/bureaucracy
Keep doing what we are doing and improve everything we do
When promoting and experimenting different ways of working, should allow space (including time/resource) to fail fast and learn, then adapt
Regain trust and a positive culture by being transparent about the near future whether it’s viewed as positive or negative.  Acknowledge what the challenges are and what the plans are moving forward.  Don’t ignore what the employees are saying rather listen to understand, acknowledge it, value the feedback, then address in a straight forward, trusting way.  The company has said to speak up, speak the truth, don’t be afraid, we want you to feel heard and to not feel like you’ll be retaliated against or be looked at negatively for what you say.  Unfortunately, there have been numerous situations where this has occurred.
I think Merck is wonderful and the company thinks of every aspect of each employees life and how they can improve it, so I don't think there is anything I would change.
As a company, we need to get much better at making the true cost of proceeding with and implementing a change visible PRIOR to it being approved to proceed.  We also need to be prepared to stop an initiative in order to shift valuable local resources to a higher priority initiative if that is what is required.   Above site teams seem to have a blank check to initiate changes that impact resources and stakeholders at more local levels but not have to acknowledge or forecast local resources.
Whereas I feel that starting salaries are pretty competitive, I remain disappointed with annual increases.  With 2-4% annual increases it sends the message to those on the floor that the only way to receive an acceptable jump in pay is to look at working for another company.  Annual family expenses increase a great deal more than 4% per year.
Provide the option for the employees who who have worked remotely for the past year to transition their jobs to remote positions.  Some employees will want to go back on site and some may want to work a hybrid schedule but many, like myself, have moved and would like to stay with the company but needs the opportunity to remain permanently remote.  The sooner this decision can be presented the better because it will allow people to make sound longer term plans.
Build on the newly acquired products, technology and now-how. Expand our pipeline. Strengthen already existing partnerships and creating new ones (ex.: MAH - Royal Canin).
There needs to be a more effective method to align on changes cascaded to sites and the actual workload it creates on employees already managing a heavy work schedule. The current method appears to be somewhat uncoordinated and has competing initiatives utilizing the same personnel to meet unrealistic timelines. This jeopardizes both compliance and site level work that must be done to meet customer needs. When employees are overloaded with tasks, the odds of something being missed or completed incorrectly increase.
Streamlined technical training so people can easily transfer into new roles such as in lateral moves.
Continue to place influential and effective managers in leadership positions that understand the balance between work and delivering on our mission and the importance of home life and family.
Continue the spirit of progressiveness that has been sparking in recent years - LOVE IT.   Please continue to value our employees and their commitment to our organization.  Please consider a remote office working model for certain types of jobs.
I just started working at Merck within the past year.  I have been thoroughly impressed with the caliber of colleagues.  I feel like conversations are smart and driven. I like this feeling.  I haven't been on-site yet, but do get a sense that some of the systems and processes seem old fashioned.  Built for a previous generation. I feel like refreshing some thinking could help jump start the next phase at Merck.
Digital advancement. Invest in technology and automation. Increase AI modeling capabilities.
I feel Merck and MSD are taking the lead in making our site paperless. When I first came to this site I felt a lot of paper was being used and within this last year I see an improvement.
find a way to streamline communication from need to know v. nice to know, there is a ton of communication and it is not always easy to assess what is role critical
Hire the most qualified people for the job whether they have the job stated level of education or not. Not enough focus is put on background and experience.
1) Improve onboarding process for new teams for smoother integration into organization. 2) Provide clear direction on changing priorities and move target dates  3)  Listen to work force, identify realistic timelines for workload and set appropriate target dates (i.e. sequencing work)
Walk the Talk
Look at not really needed functions. There are a lot of expensive global postions that don't add any value. The new world is decentralized. That strategy would more likely assure the future of the company than the traditional centralized way including "strategical" cross functions that, again, don't add any value
Continue to invest in R & D and new products. The flexibility to more quickly react to changing markets.
Expand its pipeline.
New projects compete between each other in relation to availability of site resources.  Steps should be taken to better align important projects when they compete between each others from the corporate level.
Stay competitive and at the top tier in valuing and caring for your employees and their compensation.  Do not settle for “ we remain in the upper percentages and above the average” in this category.
Working on a site that is expanding with business demands to get product out the door and working on what is effectively a construction site can make day to day work functions difficult to complete.
Go back to creating pride in Merck as a healthcare company and the work we do for patients and not a social political sound board.  Mark the milestones we accomplish in healthcare and the treatment we bring to patients.  "We try and never to forget that medicine is for the people. It is not for the profits.  The profits will follow and we have remembered that, they have never failed to appear."
I am stressed out beyond belief about everything going on in the world. COVID cases, racial injustices, mass shootings. I am finding it hard to work and function at my best when I am constantly on edge by current events. I don't expect Merck to do anything about the injustices in the world but I find myself feeling very guilty when I have a hard time being productive at work.
Provide more effective resources rather than websites, numbers to call, etc. when it comes to the work/life balance. Having transparent panel discussions on such things as politics, racial injustice, etc.
Continue to support innovation and pursue treatments that serve unmet medical needs.
Give greater empowerment to employees of new generations. Managers must accompany and support solid and real development plans for the professional growth of employees in the corporation.
Continue to embrace and leverage the emerging technology and how that will shape healthcare discovery so we can deliver on our mission of innovation and discovery to improve lives.  Our brand needs to continue to live out the legacy of George Merck.
better talent management program efforts on work life balance / employee performance recognition, differentiation empowerment
Continue to align benefits (financial and developmental) with top performers in pharmaceutical and other industries.  This will ensure the ability to retain and attract key talent to foster our ability to grow and innovate.
Make RSU's available to everyone. This would increase everyone's ownership and would be very motivational
RSU’s or stock options for reps.  We as a company talk about diversity and inclusion and how important that issue is to us as a company and to society, yet CTLs and above receive RSU’s.  This sends a message to us ,the reps, that 1.  We are not as important to the company as managers.  And 2. Merck believes in inclusion except when it comes to how employees are compensated.  It almost like reps are viewed as second class citizens.  I fail to see the downside of reps having ownership in the  company.  Competing Oncology companies commonly award  sales people RSUs and/orOptions.
Merck is a really nice company.  We need to get out of our own way with process.  Example, we get too structured on simple things.  Tell us what we can do and allow us to work within those parameters.  Example, we have OCM (Veeva) and still we need WebEx, Teams, Zoom etc... we need training on how to merge calls, meetings etc... . Understand that customers are using multiple platforms and that we are now selling from varied ways - phones, iPads, whatever ...
Merck needs to support their lab scientists better. They should outsource less and insource in terms of ordering, IT, and repairs. When things are outsourced, those people don't care how quickly or urgently things are done and so the people who suffer are the scientists who cannot do their jobs. We also need to have better IT support for scientific infrastructure. The fact that there is not universal  LIMS system is terrible.
Value experience and your people.  Continue to increase the salary cap to retain tenured people.  Continue hybrid working.  Continue the Gigs.
Recognize the trauma that African American are facing and dealing with day to day. it would be nice to recognize Juneteenth as a company sponsored holiday. Black and Brown employees need Trauma counseling.
Appreciate the internal employees that do the work day and and day out by giving them opportunities to apply to positions within their departments first, before posting externally.  There seems to be an incentive for very talented and experienced Merck employees to leave the organization because positions within their departments are only available for employees outside of that department or external candidates.  Appreciate dedicated employees by giving them the opportunity to be promoted.
i have no idea. these are weird times. Maybe stop creating anxiety in me in suggesting going back to the office (that sounds horrible)
I feel Inspire points are available to award an employee/co-worker/manager/who-ever it may be for many things, one which includes a complicated task or completed audit that was done well. After personally completing several of such activities, my manager has not rewarded me a single Inspire point or Thank you since 2017.  I on the other hand have made to send Inspire pts to coworkers that have assisted me to complete a job. I feel there is not equal footing among management when it comes to "Thanking/Rewarding" employees.
Stop being a US centric global organization and be truly global  - We tend to look through a US lens when delivering to Markets and this isnt customer centric. Once small example of this is global PRT and US PRT being the same board and, no one has worked outside the US and know s how the markets operate or what is acceptable. Being told we cant have a global built asset as it need to go through the US and be approved first is a not inclusive or diverse in thinking.  We also need about 10 people above to sign off on doing something diffrent and as soon as you get one red light its over. We talk about agility while turning like an oil tanker
More focus on the remote bricks as Upper Egypt esp. in our company developmental plan
Look to streamline decisions making Balance risk and progress effectively with appropriate standard work that is visible to everyone and supported digitally
Merck could do better to promote employees and work towards using full time employees for work rather than contractors.
Allow ability to continue to work from home for those who wish to continue this post-pandemic.
I would like that MSD support their employees and families to get access to the vaccine of COVID-19, since some of us works in non-equitative countries.
Continue to invest in life changing drugs and research.  Continue to demonstrate it truly values patients, healthcare professionals, and employees.
more and better online tools, remain flexible with work schedules
We need to think about how we will be able to return to the office.  We have been very successful working from home this past year and will need flexibility moving forward.  Also, if we do not make a vaccines required, I will not feel very safe in the office - we need to think about these topics as we embrace our new normal.
I would like to see our company as a whole, concentrate on our products and our customers and not engage in political culture.
Continue to focus on company growth through R&D and targeted investments (as opposed to large merger).  While we have diverse backgrounds, we can all come together in commonality on our company mission to save and improve patients lives through our medicines and vaccines.  Focusing on our commonalities, rather than our differences, can foster inclusion and belonging.  Politics does not belong in the workplace.
Actively explore streamlining processes without compromising on quality or compliance and communicate these effectively.
I need resources to reduce stress in my role.  My health is becoming a big concern, and I feel that I am not  getting the support the changes to myself and my family.
Occasional days where no meetings are to be scheduled (similar to the past election day).
I am fairly new to the company but maybe streamline processes so it becomes a positive experience.
Be much more agile and adapt to market conditions. Also be more competitive at hiring and Retaining top performers. Provide RSUs and or stock options as a way to make all employees feel they are truly a part of the company and vested on Merck’s success and rewarded for their tenure and loyalty.. Merck is the only pharmaceutical company in the industry that does NOT reimburse their employees for using their own personal internet to conduct Merck business.
1.  Please do away with the RAT tool. 2.  Please continue to evolve our digital assets with stronger content. 3.  I have had customers comment about how our company should stay away from politics and focus on what we do best with making medicines.  Sometimes when we make the news for political statements it makes it tough for representatives in the field where our customers have different beliefs.
Focus on our work, avoid political statements
Understand the workload for each role and allocate sufficient resource.  Look for efficiencies at all levels so we can support one another. Try to simplify or streamline processes. Have dedicated teams to specific tasks. Continue with uniformity across functional areas.
Shift mindset to decrease number of meetings (ex. Establish meeting-free blocks of time) .
Make continuty with the Ways of Working, there are a good skills.
MSD Brazil has a GAP on its personnel resources. At my dept has a huge workload to be performed by few collaborators and this might be the main reason to no have a balance between work and personal life.  MSD Brazil has also a big issue on CME. The amount of bureaucracy do start, open an event, to do the invitations, the platforms used on that and so on are really frustrating
Reduce some of the “extra” red tape in terms of necessary compliance/ethical culture and behavior an what is fully satisfactory (both in spirit and practice) to not be seen as difficult to work with by many key customers. Our “processes” (in general) are often regarded as much more cumbersome to our customers than other companies competing in the same therapeutic arena. Processes shouldn’t be the reason why multiple key customers (who speak for and/or prescribe higher-revenue specialty medications) prefer to engage with other companies, despite excellent local relationships for Merck at the field level.
Pipeline outside oncology development needed
Continue to foster a supportive system for all employees to learn and develop..
Allow employees to continue to have the flexibility of working remotely.  Establish remote/home offices as a new way of working.
I hope Merck continues to allow for increased flexibility in work hours and location after the pandemic.  I would like to see Merck make more strides toward sustainability.  Merck should continue to work towards creating an inclusive and diverse workforce at all levels of the company, especially in manufacturing areas where I have seen a lot of room for improvement.
MMD is too talent stacked at the P2-specialist and P3-sr specialist areas. Some P2s can be 10+ years of experience -- there needs to be more granularity and differentiation at this level.
Merck is a wonderful company and has been for the 30+ years that i have been employed here.
Post-pandemic offer flexibility regarding remote work.  The next few years may be challenging for employees as schools continue to deal with the pandemic and quarantines.
Continue to place an emphasis on employees and their well being so that they can freely feel they can work to during this difficult time.
Career Development seems to be unclear at this time.
Keep everyone inform and be transparent regarding all changes as a result of new board members (ideas) at Merck.
I hope we still work from home for our own safety. Covid 19 is scary and I feel same working at home.
Continue to provide support to all employees by sending messages where diversity and inclusion are the focus.
To continue act consistently with the Company principles and policies.
Please continue to emphasize to managers and workers the importance of actively participating in Diversity, Equity and Inclusion in our workplace.  I hear often that people are saying they are too busy to help or feel this effort is a trend to support great activities that will benefit the company and us all in the end.  The result is those that are actively supporting these efforts are running out of bandwidth to help.  I really appreciate the resources being offered to do our jobs continuously and even better during a pandemic without major interruption.
- ease processes and policies that are sometimes too much - focus on employees well-being  - foster a culture of less remote meetings: most of the days meetings occur from 8am to 6pm
Manage expectations during COVID times.  Provide more opportunities for projects and involvement by letting employees know what is available to participate in.  Need more guidance with this.
1. Continue to make visible to employees the value of our transformational journey (MA,TEL) highlighting the importance of this in securing future business.. ie. Why we are doing this.  2.Continue to lean out or processes to make them simple, efficient and agile....we need to make change easy to implement.
Recognize that the amount of work is too huge and is requiring people to be available for the work almost full time, and being 100% in home office, this separation is even more difficult. It is a point important to be recognized and to establish actions to make it better. be available to the company all day long, connecting and disconneting , between meals, care of kids, after all at home are spleeping is not healthy.
Allow employees to continue to work remotely!
I like the company and its values. I feel it is a great place to work. I like that I can speak up and I will be heard. We are all committed to work efficiently and productively during these difficult times and with obstacles/challenges that the pandemic has brought, and I feel we are still achieving the goals.
MSD is already a great place to work, although there are always things that we can do, together, to make it even better, and one of them is to continue pressuring to have a more diversity group with us, people from different communities make our company stronger, and them our place to work, morally and ethically better.
1. Develop a Chief of Happiness Officer function (CHO): happiness, well being is fundamental to the employees in this pandemic situation; 2. Improvement of agile technique processes around all operations; 3. Empowerment of people; 4. Work in another important pilars of Inclusion & Diversity: such as: 50+, 60+; people who has some defficiency.
career advancement should be the same for all team members
Pay for performance
Appreciate the support and flexibility Merck and MSD have offered during the pandemic. I hope our learnings from this time continue as we move forward and we don't revert back to the old ways of doing certain things.
Although I think that our senior leaders (VPs/SVPs) are all aligned on our mission to deliver novel medicines to patients, I think that there is a very high degree of misalignment amongst them regarding the principle by which we achieve this goal.  The interface between MRL and MMD is one example of that.  The interface between CMC and Regulatory is another.  If differing perspectives were valued and teams/leaders could take an enterprise view when making decisions, Merck would have an improved environment to work and would more effectively deliver on our mission.
Being patient with the eye on transformative science and rewarding high-quality work instead of praising the volume of achievements. This would lead to a foundation for collaboration and innovation. Some examples below:  There are examples of projects being aggressively pushed to obtain deliverables. People spend the night sleeping night on-site and running experiments. Only then to license an external product and terminate the program.   Leadership comments at the Town Hall that it wants to be "lean and mean" then immediately after presents that a new site is being opened in London. We are told the R&D budget is being cut while reports in financial journals indicate an increase in the R&D budget.   Honesty, transparency, and support would be inspiring.
Fix the procurement department. Experiencing unnecessary delays due to forwarding SOWs to wrong departments, asking for duplicate information, and delaying starts because they are looking into getting "insights" for best practices while delaying approval for projects which may cause us to miss our monthly/quarterly spend mandates.
Allow quality groups to have more FTE resource. Daily responsibilities of given quality role+perpetually occurring/simultaneous changes to requirements (glob.+local), changing regulation, increasingly busy operations, increased training requirements (in total # + length of time per training, increased topic coverage, more difficult than normal quizzing), intro of/use of so many different systems/tools/sites (teams (# of teams people have to belong to, then receive constant notifications for (all day), 1note/1drive/Yam./sharepoint/spot fires (plural), # of employee resource sites, # of learning resource websites, etc. The totality of it provides less and less time to focus and grasp given changes (ability to work with more ease upon grasping is not being achieved, but replaced with more). This is concerning from a quality view on basis that the ability for people to focus on "real work" is being distracted from (chance for inadvertent error is looming due to so much/too much.
At least in our department, this topic is being addressed everyday. In the COVID situation, the amount of work is still the same as without COVID, it is hard to take care of the family and reduce stress.
Stop eliminating that have seperating us from our competition.  In the past, Merck had strong programs and offers to support our customers, the veterinarians and their patients.  This year our customer rebates programs, consumer rebates, promotions are less lucrative than ever and could have a negative affect on our strong growth over the past several years.  Our customers feel it and are commenting about it.    Also figure out how to move forward with more corporate accounts being added, and expecting the sales force to overcome the drastic reduction in sales at the top line.   Merck has been amazing with the support and understanding during Covid-19.  We are all very appreciative and happy to be here..
HR department seems to constantly create new programs but not really following them up or following on the continuity of the same. Company objectives are being delivered very late in the year, which affects as well the performance review. Great programs as the yellow belt(CI) and Robotics were started but seem to stopped after COVID which basically created a major obstacle in all the initiatives under this umbrella. Department of MDM keeps changing Towers from independent to ATR many times in the last years which creates lack of belonging and conflicts in projects/budgets, etc.
Have less bureaucratic steps and less workload for each employee.
Skills training at the time of onboarding.  Professional development and organized mentorship program.  I've been in industry and overall think Merck is a good place to work.
increase the level of integrity. What is said is done and that is aligned across all the divisions in same or similar way.
Continue to work on diversity and inclusion, have executive level as well as the lower level managers talk the talk and walk the walk.
Please continue the push towards a more inclusive and diverse workforce. There is still so much to do because many people are totally unaware of the importance of this effort, unfortunately
AIP should be more equitable/competitive with market.  Raises don't necessarily cover cost of living increases.
Focus on facilitating a positive failure culture (also in higher management levels) where we show a stronger learning mindset from e.g. audits instead of seeing it as a defeat if processes are found to be non-compliant.
IT needs to figure out how to prioritize work and not keep added to the list.  Also if you are reducing budgets and resources, the work needs to be reduced as well.
Take away some of the reporting and unnecessary work
Make it easier to get things done We now have to do our own transactions for Procurement, IT support tickets, HR which distracts from the core work in my team The level of compliance eg for ALCOA, DI now required increase the workload and the time taken to complete tasks with no extra resources available. Initiatives are also imposed which will have long term benefits but no extra resources are allocated to complete them eg Event Revolution, electronic Batch records
I would say always impower your team.  Make the team feel valuable and needed.  Be open to new ideas that will still bring the satisfying results.
Remove some of the internal barriers to our jobs (limits on number of RFMs per month, limits on number of attendees at virtual RFMs, allowing us to go on territory if we have been fully vaccinated)
our dirversity at the top of the company is very good... the diversity in the sales organization is poor compared to where we should be. we need to be focused not just on changing the make up of the organization, but making the organization attractive enough to attract top talent from broadly diverse populations.
To make it visible through some certification
Now that we have been working remotely for over a year and proven it can be effective, it would be great to see home office positions not require moving to be able to take on one of those positions. This is with the expectation of in person meetings once a quarter or as often as needed.
Invest into its people and value their contributions to the Just Cause of Merck.
Empower local markets  Listen to our customers more Have a global approach with regards to vaccine supply
Empower employees at all levels in the company to effectively initiate and drive change.  listen to employees to truly remove obstacles that make our work slower/more difficult to complete.  When workloads are clearly excessive and impacting the lives of employees, senior management needs to take aggressive action to hire or eliminate work. Continue to focus on improved communications through the company and particularly across divisions.  Reduce the political discussions at work, especially by senior leadership.  These comments have consequences, are distracting and alienate employees who don't agree with the statements being made.  Political statements should be made outside of work as they reflect an individual's opinions.
Increase salary range for Virology Division. At this time, our salary range is not a motivator. Colleagues are leaving for other companies whose base salaries are $70K higher than Merck’s cap.
Provide employees with a wellness today, focused on self to recharge and reconnect.
Need to do the real "walk the talk". The speech is beautiful, but sometimes it's not applied.
Drive decisions and accountability to the lowest level.
They must listen to emploees and take action based on their consern
To make MAH/MSD more profitable, eliminate low revenue, low margin brands.  From what I understand over 4,000 SKUs have revenues of $50K or less.  I understand customer's needs but not sure if this approach is a successful business model not to mention all the resources and costs associate to support this.  I always ask myself, If I was a business owner/entrepreneur, would I really want to be in this business?  Supporting thousands of products each under $50K?
Well, I see people take time off from work for vacation/personal time, however, still work. Why is that. Why don't people take off and be off, comfortably.  Maybe have a shutdown 2x/yr. oppose to once. Not wait until the very end when folks are exhausted. Do like a mid-year and a year-end shutdown for 7-10 days each episode. It may help build and increase excitement. People tend to work smarter when rested. If it's a forced shutdown then everyone is off and not expected to check in. A Mid-year Break, would be Great! We can keep the normal year-end. That's always been a wonderful treat! Rested people can contribute Optimum results personally and professionally. I see more reactive than proactive. Maybe there is no bandwidth the function proactively - brain cells used up. A mid-year shutdown is an idea. Sometimes allowing your mind to idle, gives you room to think of better ways to do your job. JUST BRAINSTORMING. THANK YOU FOR ASKING.
Remove barriers that allow me to be successful on the field. I do appreciate Merck’s leadership when it comes to the ethical approach we take when calling on our customers. However, limitations such as only being able to do a FFM with a customer only once a month makes it very challenging to meet customers more than once a month when they only are available via FFMs. It makes it even more challenging when our competitors are able to access our customers more frequently.
I think it is already a great place to work
Speed up the launch of new products
Simplify, reduce workload which doesn't add value, align efforts across divisions
Make the environment from a workload and expectations perspective less stressful
Allow people to actually progress through promotions/change of departments/change of areas and not be pigeon holed and stifled in their progress
Continue to consider its employees as an important part of the company
Remember that workers are giving it all everyday to do the best in their work and when things are not going so smoothly don't blame everything on them, as this is a team work and management also have to look for things to be better themselves.
Assess employees tasks and workload to make a balanced distribution.  Make sure employees are well trained in their duties and know were to go for support.   Maintain a positive environment and kind spirit.
We are involved within the best place of work culture and respect
Continue to focus on work/life balance and provide teams the flexibility and resources to manage stress
Please stop endorsing the promotion of people who only manage up and are not collaborative or skillful or innovative at their positions.  Please stop the endless layers of "pilots" that stretch the same people to their limits 2-3fold and contribute significantly to increased silos, decreased networks, and increased incentives for people in pilot leadership to sweep negative feedback under the rug and encourage reports to skew news and towards make their pilot leadership look great despite huge issues.  My department is hiring a ton of new people and our area of expertise is in high demand (and can now work remotely without having to relocate families). This means that new employees are making significantly more than those who have served Merck for years or decades. On top of working 12hr+ days and many hours on weekends, and helping with the training of new colleagues, it is extremely depressing not to have our salaries "caught up". A brain drain crush is coming...pls be proactive!
Look at other Oncology organizations and what they are able to do and mirror what they are doing in a compliant way. People are scared to do anything here all that comes out of anything is No without the Why behind it. Separate the idea that you can treat the oncology division like all the other divisions, it is a different environment and needs to be managed in a different way. Pay for performance and experience, we have discrepancies in pay across the sales organization and they are not alway competitive to what other companies are paying. This makes it hard to retain and attract talent.
Empathy improvement
Need to support improvement initiatives and evaluate better ways of working but providing the talent and resources to support these initiatives.  We tend to identify gaps and improvements, but are not given the time to put the necessary processes and procedures in place.  Changes are pushed through without the working level assessment to ensure they are able to be executed as intended, this often creates another set of problems and barriers and does not improve workload or ways of working, event though the intent started that way
simplify, simplify, simplfy. : processes , organizational structures.   Eliminate bureaucracy
Continue efforts to simplify and standardize processes and insure that the processes are well understood by all.  The company is large and complex. and departments and groups change frequently.  It would be worth reviewing with all what departments perform what functions and where they fit into the processes and how they should be engaged.
Continue to share the impact our work has on patients and public health so all employees feel connected to the same goals.
Get people back to work. I have been on site since the beginning of the pandemic. I see a ton of people mailing it in as far as work goes. Not very motivating as a day to day employee on plant site.
Need to simplify processes, reduce the number of SOPs, have systems that are connected.  I still find it difficult to find out who I need to contact for things so you should explore ways to make it easier to find out who does what and who to contact.   It is also a very lean company and some people's responsibilities are several and so bottle necks result. I also notice that a lot of people are still working when they are on leave so I worry about their mental health and ability to switch off.
Merck is a great company to work for , but like many large corporations it is steeped in the “that’s the way we’ve always done it” mindset. The analogy in  my mind that applies is like going to the closet when choosing which suit to wear and rather than the Armani, the Grey Brooks Brothers gets the call. Merck is already a great place to work and the mission is clear.
Continue to expand Diversity and Inclusion for Women and Latin-American employees.
Value technical talent and be willing to pay for it Stop underinvesting in vaccine talent; lose the misguided idea that biologics and vaccines draw from different talent pools (they do not)
Continue to push for collaboration across departments and groups, especially if using the same vendors
Continue to push for leaner recruitment and onboarding processes.  There is pressure is exerted in departments due to gaps in resource and the lag in recruitment and onboarding.  Continue to embrace and leverage digital solutions to enable data driven decisions.
Continue working from home and flexible work schedules have greatly helped.
Shift the focus away from metrics reporting because metrics just makes people want to have good numbers for reporting. Focus on open reporting and quality of work
Limit the number of priority initiatives that are bestowed upon worker-level employees to allow for more focused participation and execution.  People are being asked to take on more than is reasonable for sustained periods of time, burning people out to the point that they change roles or leave the Company.  The Company preaches work-life balance, but in reality the environment doesn't allow for it.
Diversity the pipeline instead of only Onco and Vaccine, give local country more antonomous decision power.
More competitive salaries for employees who have stayed long term with Merck.
Streamline workflows and remove impediments to completing routine tasks.
Have more consistency and transparency with how positions are filled.  It is clear that some positions are filled based on succession planning, which is understandable.  But the rules on when a position has to be open, even though there is a leading candidate and when someone can be promoted in role seem to vary based on the person and not the position.  I think this is an area that we can improve on in the area of great place to work.
Company is doing a great job for work-life balance, still there are opportunities for improvement.  Company can focus more on expediting drug discoveries and fast deliveries
Move resources to support the most current Company objectives - The amount of flexibility required to meet the Company  objectives adds excessive stress as the systems in place to manage change are too slow to meet timelines being forced on projects adding stress to employees.
need to address employee morale, need to better define expectations.  People are working very hard and their reward for doing this is more work and tighter deadlines.
Proper prioritization with new work coming-not all can be a priority with same resources. Digitalization must be a top priority to really help reducing workload, with easy access to information (in a lean way), as fast as possible. Leaders must be open to re-assess if the solution implemented is effective and for the best benefit for the business (QN in SAP, are the benefits higher than the cost of using a time consuming system not DI compliant?) Leaders need to be more strong conveying the message of changing status quo (many people across the network with old mindset and not willing to take risk/changes). Training is not our strongest system (have gone to the bare minimum and resources are not having what is needed for the day-to-day job (losing more time to learn, asking more questions, interrupting SME/SU). Change control system is extremely complex. CMC has to join the "team" and stop being a silo.  Many of the change control challenges are because of the way CMC wants to operate.
Reduce burocracy, Facilitate production, Reduce safety documentation
work/life balance seems out of control right now. I think we need a Merck-wide or MRL-wide commitment to something that really helps. For example, my husband is a high school teacher and every Weds is a half day where students and teachers can catch up on things, exercise, join virtual coffee chats, etc. They are calling it Mental Health Weds. Or another friend of mine works at a company where you aren't allowed to schedule meetings on Fridays after noon so people can regroup from the week and plan for the following week so they can go in to the weekend peacefully. But if only 1 dept adopts something "radical" like this it's going to tank. Our work doesn't reside only within our own department so it needs to be company-wide or at least MRL wide.  I think in order to deliver on our very important mission, we could do a better job prioritizing which projects we're going to work on and then aligning across departments on those decisions
Require New Products (Vaccines) for Growth.
Spread and control "Ways of Working" concepts by site and continuous reward good examples of them.
strong R&D and more product pipeline
Data analytic, simplified processes, improve present systems e.g. complex processes like SAP etc. More effort in scientific research & help the Company charter to new innovation e.g. vaccination for Pandemic etc.
We at MSD have an opportunity to take a leaf of empowerment to leverage on the legacy of stable organization and wealth of organized systems and imbibed technology enablers; and make our contributions counted in every walk of our service to world health.
Continue to support employees in breaking down barriers and remove obstacles.  Continue to build talent especially in very challenging times as talent is the most important asset.
Allow wine/beer at dinner programs.  Most other companies allow this and it appears to put us at a disadvantage to remove that option.  the attendees will not be impressed if we dont allow this.  Also allow OSRs to interact with MSLs...
Always be looking to "poke the box" find better ways to do things, emphasizing strengths across the organization and welcoming everyone to look to improve what they are doing putting emphasis on bringing new medicines to market effectively.
To have a better onboarding plan. I feel lost when I first joined as I had to navigate on my own to find information I needed (i.e. HR policies). In addition, I felt coordination between different parties nearing to my Day 1 was not smooth towards the end (i.e. receiving different info at the last minute that I can't enter office without receiving the security briefing)
Make sure that if we are truly about serving patients that limitations aren’t placed on programs that can actually help patients. If our goal is to be the #1 oncology company in the world then innovation will be the key.  Right now we aren’t doing anything to lead we are just trying to copy what the leaders are doing.  A photocopy isnt better than the original.  Merck has the resources to be a leader in the industry if they choose to create, innovate and disrupt the market.
In this COVID times, the most impacted group of people are the Operation personnel in the plants who cannot go back to their homes due to travel restrictions and even if they do go, would not able to work from home due to the nature of the job. This makes it very challenging for the technicians mentally as they need to manage their homes remotely and give their families the mental strength too as their families also start putting a lot of pressure on them. This is very draining on them as the situation has been ongoing for more than a year and there is no end in sight any time soon.  Not sure how MSD can make things attractive to make this journey attractive in some ways. Maybe monetary????
Stock not just for specific levels or for such a few set of people.
Continue to support flexible work arrangements and work life balance.
get us back in the office a couple of days a week; bring us together in some kind of outside event; mandate time off
Get new leadership at the executive level.   They don’t have new perspectives that will be required in healthcare moving forward.   Additionally, they have a legacy mindset which is affecting how decisions are made.  They also need to review salaries and make them more competitive to match the marketplace
Keep concentrate to develop new drugs
Remove or loosen compliance barriers that inhibit us from doing out jobs to the best of our ability and create more of an environment where people feel comfortable in speaking up and share of voice.
A couple of leaders still need to learn and practice more empowerment and be open to different opinions. Need for great improvement in work life balance.
Provide support on IT projects that will have positive impact, it seems we have to continue to justify time and time again and sacrifice, do workarounds, etc. when in the broader aspect it is costing more to do these work arounds and the quality and long-term data security are sacrificed.
I think that compensation should be looked at very closely.  I know that my department and others closely related have been losing people over the past year or so due to people moving even laterally to another organization but for much more money.   This is not good for us to retain talent and as those that move relate this back to their former colleagues it builds tension in the organization with people wanting more money or they are then a risk to leave as well.  The more this happens we have to wait to bring in new people and then the work shifts to those left and puts undue burden on them from a work life balance perspective and with getting paid less just encourages them to look elsewhere as well....it is a vicious cycle.
No response at this time
Merck is bureaucratic and some systems are antiquated.  Two positives that I see as moving in the right direction are the change from RCAM to REDs and the eventual change from VEAP to Real World Ops platform.  The new systems are a lot more user friendly and quicker to use. They are more efficient.  They make my work easier.
truly supporting the employees working from home for this long time with resources  now that we are working like this for more than a year, we do not have a home office at home, the environment is not ideal and that was not what we committed to
Encourage work balance practices
Further clarity on strategy to action and strategic choices. It can often seem that there are silos of duplicative efforts, positive intent and wanting to execute company of division strategy but same efforts are duplicated in different areas. If converged or more coordinated could enable more synergy, more optimized resource capacity and more speed.
Look for ways to improve work/life balance. For example, there are a lot of meetings which often results in completing work in the evenings.  Continue to focus on people development and helping individuals progress in their careers.
continue to develop talents, having leaders to hear and act on employees concerns.
Merck and MSD needs to start acting like a leader and ensuring there are sufficient resources to be a leading healthcare company. Instead of increasing work load and stress levels for employees, do more with much less. Career development needs to be taken more seriously and rewarding high performing loyal Merck employees vs. taking advantage of those who haven't come from other companies or jumped ship with lower compensation and less rapid promotions etc.  Look to provide small items to increase employee pride, i.e. could have provided Merck branded masks during COVID and other Merck items (hats,sweaters, t-shirts etc.)  Highlight phenomenal initiatives like Merck Fellowship for Global Health, Merck for Mothers etc.
Start fostering a positive environment such that employees are set up for success. While employees are generally receptive of new requirements and initiatives when the benefits are properly communicated, it is difficult for employees to feel engaged and interested when they are constantly overworked and over-stretched. Even motivated employees will start to lose their motivation when they are constantly surrounded by issues like manpower and resource constraints, and feedback given is ignored because decisions were made by a unseen group several layers above in the organization. There needs to be concrete and tangible action from upper management such that employees can sense that things are improving and feedback is being acted on, otherwise employees will just end up jaded and cynical when they hear that management is "working on it".
Prioritize and say no. Same issue Merck has had for years. We are continually asked to do more, but in most cases the systems are not becoming efficient enough to open that capacity.  This has been exacerbated with the quarantine where many things take more time because of the remote work/lack of face to face, resulting in longer days than ever before, starting earlier and ending later because there are not "enough" meeting hours within a day.
Company should adopt/promote the new norms for working style, like flexible working approaches and provide required support for flexible work to employee and need to relook in to the guidelines/existing policies/benefits to understand if need any changes to them to be competitive with market standards in the new norms world.
I know that at some point it is the goal of our Dept. to return to the work place. However I feel less distracted by being in a quieter environment, very much healthier and more emotionally balanced by working from home.  The thought of again dealing with 45 min of traffic each morning and evening, constant office interruptions, having to tune out multiple conversations within earshot at once, as well as being exposed to the inevitable sickness of others in close quarters , etc. is not something I am relishing. To be honest, I dread it. I think that as long as we are more productive at home, why would this need to be a requirement again? Merck is little by little making this my dream job, and working from home has been a dream come true for me. Hopefully this will continue to be an option for us in future as well.
Learn more from the external environment and best practices from other companies
We understand the Organization's constant need to transform & change. It will be helpful if we train our leaders to lead & manage this transformation in Humane manner especially during this pandemic. Gender diversity is important & we must continue to drive the same but at the same time there are many other EBRGs, they should also receive proper attention
Continue searching for a diverse workforce made up of the brightest and smartest individuals!
It's frustrating to continuously change processes. Improvements and change are always necessary and very important-that's not what I'm referring to. But things like moving from six sigma, to agile, to what is next? It seems we pay outside consultants a ton of money, embrace a system for 5 years, and then move to something else. It is very frustrating. And then to feel any objections, you are not perceived as a team player.
Be more understanding that if projects are not a priority and therefore are not getting resources, they cannot be held to the same aggressive standards and timelines as projects that are being prioritized. It's important to balance aiming high with allowing room to experiment.
Allow employees flexibility in their work location and the ability to work remotely except for when critical in-person meetings are scheduled.
Based on 2 other big pharma companies I have worked for, I think the lower levels of employment are overlooked. I feel that it’s all about making upper management richer and better off. Very little done for the lower level employees that amounts to anything.
Decision making processes need to be evaluated.
Sytems need to be continuely upgraded and improved. Either old systems or new launch systems make we (both MSD colleages and collabration site staffs) confused and waste much time on waiting (ex: SIP, InForm...)
The culture is great but we need to acquire more products (we are too reliant on KEYTRUDA and KEYTRUDA partnerships)
1. Internal Merck employees to be involved and worked on the ongoing Transformation initiative, rather than, outsourcing it to vendors. Merck employees have in-depth knowledge on the complex processes that needs simplification, manual efforts that can be automated, redundant activities that can be eliminated, and other cost-saving activities, more than vendors who don't have an idea on Merck processes, standards, and existing IT landscape. 2. To have leaders that can inspire and motivate employees 3. To fully embrace change, for the better.
I feel like Merck does a great job as a company supporting their employees which was especially exhibited during the pandemic like benefits provided for child/family support, COVID testing/treatment, ability to continue to work from home and excellent and timing communications about the pandemic.
Needs a rather open atmosphere for simplifying processes.  A person should feel they are important for the business and Merck/MSD managers should be able to guide them.  Knowledge transfer is the key, when a manager passes on work to the employee the employee feels trusted.
More flexibility in the Patient Access program - lower current cap (too high) Purchase Orders -  not user friendly for those who only use it once or twice a year
Conduct more townhall type meetings; engage with employees at all levels, giving them opportunities to participate in continuous improvement and continue to recognize employees for good performance.
Be an expert in areas of focus, be mind of career development and progressing of each employees.
Be more flexible in hierarchy of decision making
Assess the situation if its really worth it to send people in the field with ni vaccine yet
To realy understand customer needs, not to presume and to act consequently, to be more flexible and adapted to the market
Invest in Human Health products manufacturing in Australia. Tie up with Australian government for future community vaccination programs similar to what CSL, Melbourne does.  The MSD Animal Health site in Bendigo, Victoria has a huge potential to expand and grow its business arms. I am an automation engineer and I find there is a lack of company standards and global collaboration/direction in this department. Every site has automation systems build with help of contractors often different from another site, or very similar but all build from scratch rather than following an available standard or from a prior learned experiences from another site.
Invest in hiring qualified managers with engineering degrees and manufacturing experience so they can learn the process knowledge to help better understand how to run the floor.
Ensure consistency of compensation and job grades across functions and divisions.
-to be able to go to the office once 1 week (after testing at the entrance of the BSC)
Number 1, focus on developing new and great products. Number 2, focus people on getting the best resources and approval for resources that will help sales personnel get messages and medications to the people. Bottom line getting back to basics of providing impactful medications with a great salesforce and top notch support team to provide resources. Political actions and social injustice should not be focus unless it’s a direct issue with-in the company. People don’t want to work for companies that are biased, racist, or disrespectful of others. To my knowledge Merck has not been any of those and people still want to work for Merck.  Great medications, great support teams, with great sales people will provide a great future.
MSD should focused on people development and capability enhancement.
Keep doing what you are doing in the Diversity and Inclusions space...it is improving all the time. Focus on ways we can simplify our processes and systems and provide greater visibility and support to challenge why a global process or system has to be a certain way.
career opportunities
Keep continuing the good work to save humans.
Work life balance and better engagements between Hub and MMD.
I think the recent steps of appointing a Sales Manager for the North/South Team will make a huge difference.  Prior to this lack of direction, input and little communication made it hard to do your job. Not having a voice was hard for the team. I am sure things will start to change for a positive moving forward. Communicaton has already improved 100% just in the last 2 months.
Embrace changes and failures as part of learning and giving every employees the exposure to grow
Please try to implement a work life balance culture,- i.e. Reduce the number of adoc tasks such as projects, huddle presentations, team meetings,
Streamline processed as much as possible. Agile approach to work. Less internal meetings. More meetings with external customers. Automate internal process.
Next to focus on output, focus on compliance within the operational departments.  Make sure to free up resources that truly understand and advocate the importance of (GMP) compliance.
nothing
relevant policy and people development
improve the capability of employees
Continue to invest in strong leadership that walks the talk
take a closer look at HR team's development
Analyzing competitor movement related to similar therapeutic area with ours, develop the strategy to make our product be the first line for patient, supported by affordable price and good quality. Develop the skill for employee that suit with strength in order to achieve the goals based on employee role
Provide more support to help colleague work life balance.
We have a sense of belonging to the company and this feeling encourages and propel us to drive our objectives
More holiday and more money
Merck has excellent technical training support. I believe it should also invest in soft skills, leadership and management training options for individuals at multiple levels.
Remember that we are a GLOBAL company, and not entirely USA focussed. Our global partners/offices ALL contribute to the success of the company and I believe this needs to be acknowledged more than it currently is.
Transparency and agility
make Employee’s sustainable development as one of the company’s priorities
I suppose things which are ongoing should be continued
More emphasis on diversity and inclusion
Not that I can think of. I just joined MSD this year and would agree that MSD is a great place to work in and I enjoy working here.
Enforce training for people managers, be more open-minded and flexible to manage members' requirements. Managers should try to trust their members more and strengthen relationship.
All is good
Keep scientific, everything is based on science
There is plenty of work to be done, especially in small markets where employees do not feel secure and given an equal chance to grow and develop their professional career.
Projects prioritization and allocate right resources
Improve systems to allow more automated areas and reduce human error and checking. Compile systems to reduce admin work. Allow more flexibility in working time/place following global standard, not local culture.
Continue encouraging diversity and equal rights
Collaboration and understanding  from Global MSD to local sites without the assumption that other sites outside of Europe and US, have no credibility or knowledge in their work or work ethic. Develop an understanding with all of these sites and have a mutual respect for the sites and the staff working there. This will then also prevent sites from being fearful to work with global and report information to global.
Align all different site Policies in a region with regard to pay
A. From controlling to empowering, less micromanagement, step by steps tracking to achieve team's maximum productivity and individual ability. B. Mutual trust, for example allow more flexibility in working time/place (WFH) following global standard, not local culture. C. A Strong Communicator as a leader to minimize the barriers that slow down our work, not just find the solution within team. C. Less administrative work. for example HQ and regional team can run system report to check their query, not just mail to ask data. D. Better system design, especially for compliance metric. For example:automatic system notification email.  E. Less meeting or need to have meeting efficiently to have the solution/conclusion.
I hope our day to day operation moves towards a more sustainable way (less print out, less one-off cups at office)
I don't have any suggestions.
Do meaningfull work. Work in smaller teams with easier targets. Avoid very long running projects. Really become more agile.
We need to continue to challenge the skill sets we have in the organization. We need skills set that complement each other as opposed to more of the same. I don't believe we are maximizing our potential. We need to be bolder in hiring talent with different educational backgrounds and experiences from different industries. We lack true business, commercial and real Marketing skills.
meritocracy and diversity as a common reference to boost the New MSD. be open to listed and not punish the different critearia
There are too many initiatives to drive changes in addition to routine work. People are not able to absorb the changes and also implement changes. Therefore changes are slow and not well digested. I think we need to relook into our resources to ensure we have sufficient resources to drive all these changes.
Further investment in the organisation to  promote automation to remove manual tasks from the working environment
I think all employees should have clear progression pathways so that they can all have goals to aim for but also feel like they are an integral and appreciated asset to the business. Also, global licenses need some kind of review and escalation process for market reportable issues - Our biggest challenge is our software not being fit for purpose. It makes our role ten times more manual and as such has a significant impact on work life balance and stress levels within the team. It is very hard to take criticism for errors made by a system that you have no control of and the provider is not made accountable for. Our manager has tried to get them to support us but it is a global system and as such they are not concerned enough to help.
increase local workforce, make it easier to get innovation funding separated from 'normal' work
Be Flexible in the return to the office. i would like to keep the current model of going to the office just as it is adapted to be able to conciliate my personal life.
Continue the Good Support
I have only recently joined MSD as an FTE so will answer this question in next years survey
Senior leadership to embrace and act on what we need to do to change, our data is our strategic asset and is owned by MSD not individuals/teams but everyone is accountable for it's accuracy
Some proposals to take into account: Workload balance Promote activities with the colleagues outside the working hours Small benefits to support effective home office: IT devices, ergonomics stuff  Thank you.
1. Simplify processes and eliminate unnecessary administrative tasks. Everything is extremely complicated, processes that normally should consist of 2 steps consist of 5. There are too many things that have to approved by too many people. 2. Improve our systems and platforms. We encounter problems regarding these on a daily basis. Moreover, there are still a lot of tasks that we have to do manually  or create or own tools because our systems are not capable of handling them.
Work on improving the collaboration between and within functions.
The company is supporting the best way they can, the unprecedent times that we are living are the ones that do conflict with our daily routines
make it possible to send a anonymous letter to the trust person at MSD/Merck ethics. Because sometimes decisions involving the safety of the person are made by managers and are backed up by their superiors even if its against the rules. When this happens people don't trust that their worries will stay confidential, so they don't say or do anything. Some things that are not notified can have great impact on the quality and safety of our products.
MSD has a very friendly environment. Although I'm a newcomer, I believe that I will work at MSD for a LONG time. In my view, MSD is a low-key company in the media area. We have powerful drugs, but few people know about it; what a pity! Nowadays, patients tend to have information from different channels, and doctors are no longer the ONLY decision-maker of the therapy. The education towards doctors can no longer meet the demand for medical information.
Be more attentive to the employees work and respective recognition. Many employees and some contractors (specially US) are really stains and then are recognized because they by some how belonged to some project that someone send some type of recognition.  There should be other ways of recognizing people more than the Inspire points because its tightly related with if the people in the project tend to do it or not. Particular for Prague, be more flexible with this new reality. Compared to other American Companies in the market, MSD adaptation unfortunately is a joke.
Reduce red tape in business processes that reduce the effectiveness, look for examples in the Automotive Sectors or other kind of industry, considering, of course, we are a Pharma Company.
By Continuing on the journey to D&I we will get more diverse input in the decisions we make and the way we work. I would also keep promoting the networking among different departments, sites and countries as this will help us to develop professionally, to be more flexible and to identify more opportunities of collaboration
Open communication and clarity on next steps
Utilise leading digital solutions rather than using old legacy systems, i.e. trackwise being used for QSAT and GCM's is very old technology and is not fit for purpose
Decisions made at right level.  Visibility of work.  Support all customers.  Better transparency in decision making.
Reduce paper work. There seems to be obstacles that prevent improvements from being actioned in a timely manner. Provided changes are documented and there is an explanation of the changes then I don't see why so much time is lost waiting for various steps to be signed off. Empowerment to the individual would be beneficial to the company.
Strengthen cross-country and cross-functional collaboration.
Resources deployed where needed
Show how the company can employees to manage mental health and well being.
recognize talented people and keep talent within the company (regardless of age). Give them perspective (looking/planning forward) by providing realistic growth opportunities and clear career paths.
We need to be more courageous and bold in our decisions and investments.  Although MSD is a great company to work for, I am proud of working here and do not plan to leave any time soon I have to admit I am not as proud as I used to.  I do not see MSD as leaders anymore but as part of the Pharma pack.  I hope our new CEO can also differentiate himself as Ken Frazier has done in the past.  In an innovation driven company I do not think we are leading outside of the labs and it seems we are just managing the P&L and not making the big bold decisions.  Things like compensating people on the 50 percentile relative to the market will invariably result for a talent driven organization to be average.  We were lucky of the acquisition of Keytruda with Organon but have to admit the execution on that opportunity has been phenomenal.  I see working at MSD becoming tougher year on year.
Process simplification
Continue to listen to employees and ask for feedback. Be curious and not afraid to challenge the way we do things to make tasks streamlined. Continue to promote EBRGs and value employees that take an active role in working in these groups on top of their everyday job, as they create engagement and support a sense of belonging. Celebrate successes.
Better onboarding/training plans when changing positions in the company, some departments have this well organized, others you need to self-train your self a lot.
1. provide cross functional work opportunities in markets for individuals to flourish and take leadership roles. Programs like GMAP are limited to global roles and only handful gets selected. markets should have similar programs so that potential individuals can  explore leadership roles at market and regional roles. 2. Ways of working does not really work at ground levels. Departments are still not ready to collaborate and share ideas. There is a dire need to push Ways of working at ground level.
No further comments here. I am satisfied the way the company is running the business while taking care of the welfare of its people.
Create processes to ensure work-life balance, preventing employees to have to have to choose from:  1) Leave work late but complete key tasks on time 2) Leave work on time but drop some tasks or deliver them late This is an extremely difficult choice as most tasks have inter-dependencies so not completing them will affect somebody´s work!  Working an extra hour per day and/or a few extra hours from time is not a problem. The problem starts when we need to work 10-11 everyday and barely have time to lunch.
Allow people to work from home. My work life balance has improved 100 x since COVID before that, I was stressed all the time, running around the place juggling work and kids. Now things are much easier working at home. This needs to remain!!
Standardize employee benefits across the world
Understand the challenges faced by our employees, both at work & in our personal lives dealing with the pandemic & recognize the commitment .
continue to engage, motivate, empower and develop  its employee because employee is the important asset to MSD and its mission to save lives of patients by its innovate products
The decision making should be very swift.
Employed the right people for the right job.
Merck should develop additional programs to assist student loan burrowers with their student loan debt. Although Merck salary is competitive, it is sad the amount of student debt many of us generation X/Y currently have. I believe there are federal tax incentives for large corporations who are willing to assist in their employees student loan debt.
Clarify the future of Brinny in the overall scheme of things.
Support better mothers (less than 100% employment (like 60%, 80%), longer maternity leave or opportunity to take longer unpaid maternity leave)
Merck over complicate every process.
Safe to Speak up, Diversity & Inclusion, GIG's.... all brilliant programs, but in practice they don't work. It is not safe to speak up in our company, where senior management is concerned, unless you agree. Diversity is great but if religions keep excluding groups of people real inclusion is never going to happen. I was very enthusiastic about the new GIG, but I am not given the opportunity and the time to participate.
Employees need to feel safe to voice difference in opinions. They should feel that their safety really comes first when leadership says so. If working from home is safer than working from office, they should be allowed to do so as long as work is not getting affected. However, MSD India's decision to ask employees to join office seems very very risky when we have extreme COVID situation outside.
1. Continue timley and transparenet communication on the company's strategies and transformation plan 2. Re-assess & re-validate manpower resource post spin-off  3. Speed up digital and automation and upgrade technology to enhance productivity & efficiency.  Prior to the realization of full automation, be realistic about manpower requriements
Ensure the employees feel more stable
Being more calculable. It has caused a big insecurity in me when a few hours/days after announcing additional colleagues joining our team (FSP), the news of reducing the number with 4 people (FSP) arrived. In my reliable, logical mind, a phase of stagnation is expected between flourishing and devastation. It was scaring this way, even if not the MSD Team was affected. Cutbacks are acceptable (especially in this global situation) but seeing the logic in the way it is done matters! It makes other consistent things questioned (e.g. if I work hard and with a high quality, then I have less to worry about).
to allow employee's to officially work from home at least 2 days per week in Ukraine as this would reduce time to get to work and make workdays less stressful and have more free time for both work and personal needs.
More man power
We are very much in silos at the moment. At least in the perspective of our department. More cross-functional cooperation is definitely needed.  I would also like to think MSD is a place where we embrace people wanting to explore and learn different out of the box work tasks (outside ones own department). So far I have heard it is possible but not seen how it works in the real life. If I am interested in trying out something new, how will I achieve that? And how is it even possible if every position looks for someone with long experience on that specific task? Also when you apply internally a position your manager gets a notification about it. Yes, it is good if your manager is all for it and happy about someone wanting/pursuing a change (still there might be a hidden conflict in interests because one needs to find a new person for ones own team). However if not then it doesn't really work at all. Much easier to just apply outside the company then than to pursue anything internal.
1. Have an acceptable work behavior accord. Treat people with a greater level of respect & value opinions. I have many years experience, but lack of respect afforded to both myself & some of my colleagues could only be described as appalling. 2. Observe work/home life boundaries. 3. Who is HR? Even after working for MSD for a number of years I've no idea where to go to with an HR issue & I do not feel that any issue I may have would not come back on me.   4. Revise extreme hierarchial structure & micro management in some departments, which seems to stifle employees & leaves one with a total lack of power & control over situations. Managers only seem to talk to managers & do not talk to all employees. Requests ignored unless the manager becomes involved in the conversation. Totally waste of time & unacceptable in this day and age. 5. Improve the IT systems, which are not feel user-friendly - slow, cumbersome & overly-complicated globally issued work Instructions are totally baffling
More  focus on personnel development and allowing time for employee to achieve this by supporting sufficient  resources  to the work . Would like to see more inclusion of neurodiversity and facilitation of individuals  by supporting them ,to enable neurodiverse individuals  to function in the workplace  and also  relook at the traditional interview process that  is not so neurodiverse freindly
To recognize more supporting departments role for example regulatory and PV.
"Working from home" during the COVID-19 crisis has been of great benefit to some employees. Reducing stress associated with long commutes to work and being available to ones families more than usual. As we come out of this global epidemic, it would be great if "working from home" could be an option for some employees on a full or part time basis.
Recognition and reviews
provide platform for subordinate to provide opinion on their managers/leaders. encourage skip level on frequent basis.
Actively look at balancing workloads and take meaningful decisions on de-prioritsing work activity. Too many high prioaity ietms, means that nothing is really prioritised.
We need to do a better job managing workload and redistribute resources to the highest priorities. Additionally, we need to accelerate training of new employees and bring them to a level of independence as quickly as possible so that workload is more evenly distribute.
Leadership needs to communicate with their employees more frequently and transparently about what's going on and why by the company  both local and global level.  Since the beginning this pandemic the different departments are more and more separated.  Management needs to put employees in the picture again. I miss cross-functional team work very much.
A huge benefit to everyone's life since the pandemic is our ability to work successfully from home. It adds huge value to the work life balance. This is something I would like to implement into my career going forward.
Integrate flexible working conditions into post Covid-19
Ensure that Mangers hired are alligned  with the values and goals set by MSD. Everyone should be well informed of the expectations required for the companies well being and further success
Walk the talk about diversity, work with bias of hiring managers about afroamericans and latinos in all positions and also include exUS employees competing for global positions. Give enough support to make things done,  be capable to structure teams and harmonize areas; avoid disproportional relation between controlling vs  performing (per example: 5 persons controlling your time and activities vs 1 .performing).
Bring in more innovative products into this plant.
Focus Customer's need
- Ensure continuous well planned deliveries all around the world - top reference company concerning the integration of the latest IT technologies ito deliver our mission krgs
MSD has already made the company a great place to work perfectly; I could not be more confident, happier, and more belonging.
Continue to build on great communication from senior leadership and share our strategic direction esp post COVID.
Further embed our ways of working in everyday work - particularly silos to networks and planning to experimentation. Our company's cautious nature makes us hesitant to do either of these things frequently, or well
Stop making it part of the company culture for people to be expected to work long hours.
Listen to the voices of the employees.
Providing stabilization at work now , give us the feeling that what we are  doing  now , will not changed suddenly, last year was very difficult for everyone and we feel exhausted of constant changes.
more information on career pathways and what steps need to be taken to progress.
More manpower to complete all required tasks and to be able to do more
reward those who achieve and appreciate this company and reprimand those who take advantage or deceive this company
Be more competitive in salaries and be more open to making counter offers when staff are approached with other opportunities - valuing retaining staff and the pior investment put in, not just the cost of increasing an employees salary
Every single associate has to understand impact of their actions to the future of the organization and their function. Its important what we do but its more important how we do it. To me it seems like that every individual remained focused on completing their individual assignments only rather than following diligent process oriented approach. Merck/MSD must do efforts to transform it to a process driven organization where every contributor follows them religiously.
*influence government decisions to allow working remotely within any EU countries during the pandemic, for those employees who do the job fully remotely.    *improve compensation packages
while trying to operate within an easy going atmosphere people must be still made to understand there is still a need to work. I feel under performance isn't addressed enough to encourage the the right behaviors of equal ownus /team working and then the burdon lays on minorities in teams to drive results. This should be aknowleged with the inspire programme but in reality we are encouraged to be inclusive and even inspire team members who lack the drive
more flexibility to work times that suit my life
Clear prioritization of programs throughout the departments Find efficient ways of working to reduce waste Standardize processes to make commercialization effortless Clear roles and responsibilities for ALL activities
Understand the impact that multiple divisional changes have at the site level and the amount of resource required to evaluate and make changes.  Drive change based on true regulatory requirements or to increase efficiency.  Clearly communicate detailed plan for upcoming changes to make visible the work required and the impact to the sites.
Actions to address climate change. Ensure we have enough resources in place to deliver projects and not overcommit- if things change then we need to re-prioritize particularly with regard to workload.
Continue focus on development and engagement activities Support local market on their initiatives since they know best what works well for their local market Continue to have regular communication to employee at all levels
Adjust SOP to comply with the situation in Thailand
Paternity leave for union workers.
Create a culture where everyone feel confortable developing themshelf professionally meanwhile respect the family life
Multiple ways including multiple digital channels to engage our customers during the pandemic.
Insuring adequate resources (people) are available. We continue to ask for more and more to be done with fewer and fewer people and the expectations and demands from some leaders (at all levels) sometimes reach in terms of times and timing.
Continue to focus on GD&I as this is such an important topic + an important theme in the external world.  Companies are taking this more seriously and we don't want to fall behind.  Continued flexibility post pandemic - challenge the way we work and continue to stay relevant.
Keep removing productivity barriers
Consult with frontline workers and obtain dfeedback before making changes to equipment or introducing new equipment.
Make less focus on metrics which can sometimes drive incorrect behaviors, improve IT resources and support, plan for people succession and have replacement headcount onboarded in time to learn from the person exiting/ going on leave from the company.
adequacy of working hours of Sales force
MSD is a great company to work in & to have long association with MSD. In order to have a long association with MSD, there should be more clarity provided to the employee on how the country is working towards the future (introducing new product in the country, post sitagliptin LOQ expiry what action will be taken to ensure consistent demand in the market, etc) this will help to create more job security in this difficult times.
I think that a common onboarding program would do wonders to bring new people into the company and have them stay.  My department really does lack in that department and a lack of solid onboarding has seen turnover over the years.  I think that a centralized onboarding procedure for each organization would help relief that issue.
Continue with the family conciliation policy and flexibility with teleworking. Continue to provide employees with the necessary equipment to carry out their work at home and the tools to develop their career in terms of training and learning. Something to improve, update the spot in the offices, updatin the screens and dockstation
Work on new IT and mobile solutions to simplify our business processes.
Continue their strong encouragement of diversity and inclusion
Recognize the heavy workload many employees are trying to manage and take steps to reduce it; create opportunities for people to speak up outside there management chain, without fear of retaliation;
increase the level of "from withholding to sharing" and more empowering
I need challenges in my work. I have been employed in MSD since November 2016 as a part time employee on 50% position within Regulatory Affairs department. I love my team and my manager. I love MSD as well but I would be more happy and satisfy if I could get more hours and new tasks. I need development and challenges in my work. I hope that after Organon spin-off there will be a possibility.
Ensure areas sufficiently resourced. Priority of projects within areas/site
Continue to encourage open conversation between employees and management without fear of negative consequences.
1. Leaders need to do a better job of creating and sponsoring a culture of accountability at all levels starting with the shop floor.   2. Leaders need to spend more of their time understanding a day in the life of shop floor associates and truly understand how work gets done.
To further demonstrate Merck's strong commitment to helping employees reach a successful work/life balance, maybe discourage management and leaders from communicating to and expecting employees to be online all hours of days, nights, and weekends. There is an unspoken expectation when management and leaders describe that type of work schedule and it may be difficult for some employees to be available on weekends or evenings on a consistent basis.
Have no tolerance for leadership that views fear and intimidation as motivators for better performance.
align all different work streams and create a mutual responsibility for making and delivering orders right first time, bring down the silos
Better priorization of activities. We have many projects in process and all of them use the same resources.
Continue to increase the number of women and underrepresented groups in senior leadership positions. It’s inspiring to me to see a female CFO or country manager. I also like the D&I panel conversations to continue our allyship journey. Consider allowing for more vacation time in the U.S. We need it after the year we’ve had
Our CEO needs to stay out of politics. We as employees are put in a bad position because of someone's opinion. We have not done well stepping up as a Pharma Giant to help provide a solution to Covid with failed vaccines and treatments.
Value all team members contributions
"Practice what you preach" - in some instances I have seen the "great place to work" initiatives  as a "tick box" exercise but not actually practiced daily
Stay out of politics!!! My clients are pissed about seeing Merck's stance on political issues.
See # 17. Keep Directors moving up/over or out! Too many Directors are no longer motivating nor inspiring. The promotion system is completely broken. Associate Directors are chosen based on advocacy rather than merit. Too many ADs show up late, leave early, and are not subject matter experts in anything. There are too many roles filled by people who have no leadership or knowledge. Make merit based promotions a reality and get rid of dead weight that slows the system down.
Equity - Management without personal preconception and impartial in relation to people.
Stop letting leadership delve in politics.  Also all the "racial hate" focus is actually making it more negative.  Allow people to continue to work from home who actually do not work with anyone that is in the office they are based out of.
Continue to promote work/life schedule flexibility and allow WFH to stay as a regular option.
At West Point, I feel we work as separate buildings, separate departments, re-inventing the wheel over and over.  I feel we implement "new" solutions, but don't work cross functionally to really utilize them to the best of their ability.  So a step to take would be to continue to network across boundaries through continued & better knowledge sharing and through open forums.  I also think we get stuck on a train that has a set deadline and we are unwilling to slow the train down to allow for new information/ change of path.  We just keep moving forward fast and decide to change it later.  Due to fast deadlines, many people do not understand how the roles around them work- training in how other groups run may help us to work better as a whole unit vs. separate departments.
More information from our pension managers Mercer
Focus on hiring the right person with the right qualifications. No more of the inclusive and diversify. You are now discriminating against those who have been working so hard and doing the job. EQUAL Opportunity Employer is what it should be not this inclusive and diversify.
clear rationale to buy new compounds companies, seems rushed and not worth the price paid. develop more internally, do we even do that anymore? put time and effort into developing key talent, make it a priority. stop closing sites, stability is key to success as well. allow groups to work onsite if they can safely
Build a culture where we feel safe to speak up without fear of repercussion. When people self-identify mistakes they should not fear discipline or losing their job.
Continue to care and invest in people
Actively train people from the ground up (young kids ) to allow them to be competitive and work for Merck.  Once they are out of college or even in highschool, those kids that have fallen behind will not catch up.    How will Merck actively contribute to hiring 1 million Black workers over the next decade?  We are one of 43 companies to pledge to make this happen.
Get rid of the RAT Tool   Tell our former CEO to quit pushing his politics on the entire company and using the company name to push his politics on the world  Find some type of system or program that accurately captures how much Keytruda we sell so that we can be paid what we have earned
Share successes, challenges and personal stories, this sometimes gets lost in busy day to day work but it's a great motivator. Dedicated face-to-face team building activities as soon as possible again, creating stronger relationships with co-workers particularly after not seeing each other in person during the pandemic and for those employees who commenced work during the pandemic. Implement more flexible approaches to work-life-balance than was previously the case (e.g. mix of home-office and office presence on flexible, chosen days). Putting more focus on "bringing your whole self to work", encouraging authenticity.
day by day in market place competition is increasing and support from company side is decreasing we are getting demotivated. we should see how market is being operated in this therapy and where we are. Thanks.
Merck and MSD is always taking actions to make the company a great place to work.
Review job descriptions as levels in one division are not equal to levels in another although technically the same level.  Clean up SYNC as it returns 1000s of hits but not the one you need even though the search is identical to what it is called.  Too much time is spent searching for information; yet another tool is deployed before the last one is final dispositioned.  Information in paper and electronic format is out there but does anyone really have a handle on it?  IT systems and tools are rolled out one after another; can't we stay with something that grows as we do?
Sponsorship of all employees to embrace personal and organizational growth to ensure that we can fully benefit from our diversity.   Improving alignment between company messaging on our mission and the teams delivering on this mission (projects/products).   Focusing on new product development with clear end-to-end strategies to maximize the life time of a product under Merck/MSD and by effective business development when a product becomes generic.  Early strategic thinking about life cycle management and getting the most out of the patent life and generic life of a product.
hold people accountable for their work (or lack thereof)
Ensure to open offices as soon as possible.
Allow for inclusion of thought on health matters, as the push for d&I is taking place, everyone should be respected for their decisions on their health.  Medical history is a private matter and should be respected and honored.  Like honoring a women’s right to choose, freedom to make medical decisions is a deep personal right.
With a shake-up of executive leadership that will be coming, to take a hard look down through the organizations for opportunities to adjust structure and responsibility to make us a more effective global pharma co. I believe the split of Organon is first step- next step needs to be holistic RemainCo analysis to take us forward. Also a bit surprised that our sr leadership is not as diverse as might be expected in today's climate, to truly inspire as Ken did (albeit too late).
Continue to be flexible with regards to home-working, we have more than proved we can carry out our roles efficiently, effectively and proactively over the past 13 months. Maybe a balance of 3 days in the office and 2 days at home etc..  Continue the rewards and benefits which we currently receive- it really makes a difference and boosts morale.
Promote work-life balance focusing in fewer projects that will bring bigger impact. Reduce number of e-mails and meetings would help as well
simplify!
More sharing information and working together also within the country. I feel I know fairly little what other functions do in our country.
I think we are doing a great job as a company, what we do need to do better is priotize the work that needs to be done. when we do assesments of what projects we should stop or reduce the effort on to enusre we do not over burden our people the outcome is mostly that all projects are important and we reduce nothing.
Focus on what really matters - patient centricity
We talk a lot about STOP initiatives. We hear it from leaders at all levels. However, very often it seems that these STOPs need to come from the countries or happen in the countries. So far, little STOPs have been seen on a regional or global level. But these would have a big impact on all countries (e.g. duplication of databases for Pricing).
I think the company should encourage more flexible work arrangements as we free ourselves from COVID.
Increase resources to the areas of the business growing and be very clear on roles and responsibilities. Compensate people in line with top tier competitive companies. Increase level or training opportunities (seems to have dropped lately in some areas) Invest in strong team building activities
Remember that medicine is for the people, not for the profits.
I am deeply concerned we are moving backwards in terms of administrative work getting moved to us rather than allowing us to perform our job which is supposed to be strategic. We must take work out of the system.
Mean what they say. You say you want to be innovative but you put up so many barriers to innovation. So many processes are so much harder and complicated than they need to be.
The department I'm in is greatly lacking in trust- between colleagues and between management and staff.  Managers will ask for feedback, encourage participation in things like the Pulse survey, but then dismiss that feedback.  We're openly told that this survey occurs too frequently and told to complete it so we can reach 80% participation.  The reason for completing this survey should be to hear concerns, consider them, and address what can/needs to be addressed.  In our last survey, some very pointed (and legitimate) concerns were raised- management was very dismissive of those comments, even stating that it was only one comment but we have to address it because upper management will see it.  It was only one comment because people are afraid to speak up, and have no trust left that their voices will be considered.  Manager attitude about this survey breaks any trust that may exist, and makes completing these surveys feel like a wasted effort.
Better support during such difficult times as was the COVID lockdown. I.e. HR may need some improvement at places.
Continue to review and work on processes, especially multiple layers of governances.  Spend time working on management/governance presentations that slow down productivity in other areas.
the team spirit is the main factor in making the company one of the best places to work
Encourage real "authentic" discussions; get middle managers better training (make coaching / development) part of manager development evaluation.  Really encourage people to take time off.
Keep focus on costumer, increase focus on retaining work force and decrease focus on share holder return
Continue to support employees. Understand that even entry level employees can have great ideas. Just because you have been with the company for 20+ years doesn't mean that you don't have to be flexible and willing to adapt to new people or circumstances.
If we want to meet the new standard set by Covid in of other companies in terms of speed and transformation, we need CEO/EC hands on reform of our culture to be faster, most risk taking and address the deep rooted divisions between functions to create a onemerck approach. This shouldn’t be a project group commissioned passively, but active involvement on perhaps some key initiatives. Too much of our governance is about endless preparation for internal review meetings - esp in MRL-  with a huge cost it productivity and time - Im not sure this model would ever allow us to move like other companies have in the covid vaccines space. It would be a simple step if senior leaders could play a more cocreation “hands on” role.
Keep working on access of our therapies to patient, better negotiations with health plans and the availability of coupons is a most. I am willing for more opportunities for growth, we have great programs to be able to explore like Gig, volunteers programs, etc but sometimes I don't feel safe applying because of the time and what will happen with my position and me after my comeback, maybe this has to be more clear. Merck is doing an outstanding work with D&I education in different ways, our more direct leaders need to be educated too in tools that promote it but maybe there's no the time in the middle of so many tasks, my team is a great one, diverse, mature, competitive, with passion, but is always great to keep growing in the importance, richness, and need of D&I for our company and self well being. Merck does a great job in community programs for patient, I am so proud of that, but sometimes I think we must do more to promote or let community known our efforts.
I understand the need of saving and making project to automate processes... please don't forget we all humans with different responsibilities and not have the chance due to workload to deliver efficiencies, with that being said I hope this company does not turns into a pace where working about the double the hours is the only way to succeed. I have seen this before in other places and this only make the rotation to increase as many people burn out.
My only complaint is the disparity between Union and non-Union members of our department.  As a Union employee, I don't have the same work from home flexibility (under normal non-Covid circumstances) that non-Union employees have.  In addition, since Union employees don't participate in employee evaluation activities, we also don't get to share in the company's success in the way of bonuses and stock options.
Make information easier to access and in 1 central location
We could use more headcount to distribute work load.
to keep managers and SLT leading by example.  keeping up calls non work related to ensure they are happy
More connection and interaction with people across Merck, rather than just our division or every day working groups.
I was bullied by 2 co-workers, at separate times.  I spoke up.  I asked for help from my manager (not current), and HR and never received acknowledgement.  Then was treated as trouble-maker that doesn't work well with others, which I do not believe is the case.  I will never speak up again.  I do not want to stay at the company long term, but will only do so if necessary to support my family.
More opportunities for employee
Maintain culture of inclusion, respect, transparency, and providing opportunities for personal development.
Emphasize innovation, efficiency, and ways of working.  Stay out of politics!
I think they are doing a great job.
Removing barriers from getting work done (e.g., processes); Having visionary leaders; Promoting collaboration between teams
Beside us getting 2/3 roles to handle, our managers need to step up their knowledge in order to help us be more comfortable with the new role given.  Not all the new roles are train well and this give additional stress on the individual.  Long term is very unhealthy, as all of us like to do our best for the team and company as well.
When possible have some type of family picnics or functions.
Continue to allow employees to work from home, on a permanent basis, if it does not have a negative impact on the department and Company.
Keep innovating to bring new products into the marketplace.  Further the ways of working so sites can have a better work-life balance.
I think Merck leadership has grown and flexed ALOT over this past year.  As a result, we have many new ways of working and new opportunities ahead to work effectively.  I love the increased flexibility that I have seen evolve over this past year and feel that future growth toward flexibility should continue in order to foster a diverse and engaged and satisfied workforce
Keep up the good work!
More diversity and inclusion: make more flexible workplace arrangements (e.g Home Office, Part-time for families, etc.). Include neuro-divergent people in the discussion as well, don't make it just about ethnicity!!!  Equity and Fairness: no preferential treatment or favoritism anymore! for priorities (workday goals), offer a catalogue to chose goals from, sanctioned by global management. Do not allow manager freedom to define those goals themselves, but rather make each employee chose goals which have been evaluated against the SMART principle beforehand. This would help eliminate unfair treatment.  Focus on what's really important: I feel that more often than not, we lose sight of what's really important under the stress of daily business. Personally, I feel more connected to my work, when reminding myself, that this is for patients and lives can be improved by my contribution. I don't know, it would be nice if this mindset could be catered to from time to time.
Keep the good work in developing drugs and supporting its employees. Continue the robust scientific research that helps understand, predict, and develop new drugs and improve existing ones to improve death and suffering from  human and animal diseases in the world.
Employees are reviewed by management but management is not reviewed by employees.  This should be a standard practice and part of the year end review.
To allow the employee to have more work life balance. In order to accommodate the different time zones, employees most of the time need to sacrifice personal time for meetings/finish off urgent tasks. To allow a more work life balance which will reflect in the work performance.
Continue to offer flexibility and work-from-home options to employees even after the pandemic is over.  We've proven how productive we can be in this environment, even under extraordinary circumstances!
Understand lessons learned from our Covid vaccine failure (both lack of speed in development vs peers and ultimate vaccine ineffectiveness) - we missed a massive opportunity to improve our brand and world health.
Continue to be outspoken regarding injustices in the world - I am proud when I read/watch the news and see the company I work for speaking out.
I truly feel that the company should stay away from making political statements & voicing support for ideas and legislation that can be interpreted to support one party vs. another.  If we preach about the importance of diversity & inclusion (which I firmly support), then the statements coming out from the company should not isolate certain groups & it should not show favoritism towards certain political views.  What makes this company great IS that we are diverse & we do believe everyone's views & ideas are important.  I'm saddened that the company has recently appeared to be more for one side vs understanding that there are other views that should not be discounted.  It's actually feels like these statements are more divisive in nature, which goes against our mission.  People of all backgrounds, ethnicities, religions, political parties, should feel & HEAR support from our leaders externally & leaders should acknowledge that their own views may not be the views of the entire company.
Continue to show where the company stands with its values, especially concerning the current social climate.
value everybody's contribution instead of the final delivery result provide more encouraging environment  for people to speak up freely no matter your roles are in Merck
Senior leadership needs to be more in touch with the state of affairs within their organization in from both a macro and micro perspective from a scientist-facing position. Ie. go through all of the process steps a scientist routinely goes through from start to finish of a study, and understand not just where the inefficiencies are, but why they are that way (ie. questioning why things are the way they are). Sometimes, senior leadership is privy to a high level overview of their organization, but should utilize a fuller understanding of what their team is facing on a day-to-day basis.
Merck is one of the best companies I have worked for so I believe Merck is already a great place to work.
Plan for expansion or position transitions better. Example, someone gets promoted and was a strong candidate before promotion, get a job posting out there to help back fill in a more timely manner.
increase management ressources and connexion between teams or department
To streamline the many processes in place and remove barriers for us to work more efficiently, so that we can get our work done sooner than later to provide timely support for the company's products.
Improve systems and processes
A place where all views are accepted, not challenged.  Provide the opportunities to enable us to build upon our business relationships and deliver appropriate resources to our customers/pts.    Make all of us feel as if we matter, that we each represent the diverse and inclusive environment at Merck.
I would like to be able to have more vacation days. I am newer to Merck, and only have 15 days. While I am grateful for this time, as well as the many paid Holidays and week long shut down, I have to travel far to see my aging parents. I try and save 5 days per year so I have a cushion should something happen. This means I use 10, and have to be strategic about their use. I would like the ability to be able to maintain a hybrid working environment. Meaning, I could take my work with me while visiting my family. I think this option would improve employee engagement and satisfaction. A change of venue is beneficial for mental health, and thereby improves productivity. Merck has been so good to us during this what seems like never ending pandemic. I am grateful for the opportunity to continue to work here, and be a part of the good we provide to the world.
Better guidance and reference documents
Accountability.  Some individuals are given more work or challenges then others and are not supported locally to get this tasks accomplished.  Decisions are not made top down but are made from the bottom and then not approved by upper management. Management needs to be more available to make decisions that pertain to the departments they are incharge of and not spread themselves so thin they cannot accomplish small tasks or hear the technicians asking for help and direction!
seem to be already taking the right steps
They talk about being agile but are very process driven. We are the most process driven company, and were LAST to provide virtual meals of all the big pharma companies.  Merck has no agility.  Also, we have no consistency. We are process and metrics driven.  Digital misuses customer emails to spam customers and that harms trust and value that customer facing colleagues are trying to build. Change is the only constant at Merck Canada.
They need to treat everyone more fairly.  I see employees contributing above and beyond for years and they do not receive promotions.  I see employees willing to take on projects that may not meet all expectations and then get faulted for that while those who do not take on projects get praised.  I see employees in their later years of employment get passed over time and again for opportunities.  Managers playing favoritism is still an issue.
To continue aiming for new ways of working, to accelerate agile ways of working, and focusing on delivering innovative products.
ensure timelines for health authority submissions are reasonable and don't just default to 7-day workweeks and holiday work days with more than 10+ hr days
stop changing the HeadQuarters location
Listen to their employees and communicate better.
Senior Leadership should be open to feedback received from employees. However,  employees are still fearful of retaliation. The rationale for decisions made by senior management should also be communicated. If possible, include feedback from employees in the decision-making process, especially if there is direct impact to the employee and his/her job function.
Right now I feel very satisfied. Sometimes though, I feel like there are things that take up much more time than they should, such as IT issues with Electronic Lab notebook (I know we are replacing it). I hope in the future we can stay ahead of situations like this, and not allow technology to get so outdated that it forces a huge loss in productivity.
Be consistent in product manufacturing and be "totally" transparent with all.  No need to "sugar-coat" when things aren't going well as most everyone understands it is not always good.
At the moment, I do not have any suggestions for Merck as organization.
Continue to allow employees to work from home across all departments.
Less administrative, procedural, burden.  Still a very process - heavy organization.
WIth the move to working more virtually, it would be helpful to provide bandwidth reimbursement so that virtual works can have a reliable and strong connection to the online Merck network
Keep the appropriate flexibility to the employees decide if they want to work on the office or at home (considering the activities the do not demand a physical presence in the office)
- Be inclusive when making decision. - Avoid not telling people when there are resignation. - Avoid micro-managing, as that indicate that Management does not trust employees ability to work independently. - When hiring, the experience become focus point but once they got an experienced person. that level of experience is not recognized.  - Recognize the talent acquired and develop it even further. - Work on stuff retention, high resignation of high-skilled people on site - Invest on providing external training and improve on career development. - Refrain from showing Favoritism  - No growth opportunities in MMD, only seniors and LT get promotions. - No growth opportunities in MMD, only seniors and LT get promotions. Leadership prefer to hire externally than promote internally. - Move from controlling to empowering.
Meeting culture is great, but the downside of that is the actual work has to get done in the evenings. That is hard with families.
We have been remote for over a year now and have successfully managed and excelled in this working situation. The time will come when people are allowed back at work but for those who now prefer to work remotely 100% should be given the opportunity to do so. We have shown that if anything we have been even more productive. The ask to be remote 100% should not be looked down upon and should not hinder our career progression.
Take interest in an support employee development.
1. Take on board our clients needs more regularly. 2. Reduce the amount of procedures involved with client invoicing structure etc. should be more automated where possible. 3. Admin burden continues to grow so discuss ways this could be simplified.
Finance leaders seems to be taking over the company.  This is fine, but it does pose a risk that we lose sight of the patient focus.
to reward and retain employees, Merck and MSD should re-look at the percentage of salary increases provided to employees each year.  It can be very difficult to obtain a promotion at certain levels not due to performance but rather the number of openings thus employees may reside at a level longer than desired.  1-1.9 percent salary adjustments year over year are insulting.  Other companies reward their employees sustained performance  with 3 and up salary increases  Merck and MSD is doing a great job supporting younger generation workers, offering mentor programs, gigs, continue those activities.  Be very aggressive with succession planning at all levels.
take care of MSD poeple
1. Increase pay to be competitive with other big pharma. 2. Work to decrease turn over. We operate in a culture in oncology that everyone changes roles ever 12-18 months so no one ever knows what they are doing. It is very hard to successfully work in an environment where even leaders are generally unaware of job requirements. It also people in a position where they are "stuck" with each other. There is true meaning behind being hired by someone and being assigned to someone.  3. Please stop moving us arounds like pawns. In the past year my job has changed 3 times--none of which I was particularly pleased with.  4. For employees who now need to work from home due to office closures, pay for our home internet. It only seems reasonable seeing as our home internet is literally the glue holding commercial together. Retro back to March 2020 would be even better, but especially for the teams that will not be going back to the office Merck should align to all remote-based companies' standards
Dare to track actual work hours and seek to improve it
Appropriate number of resources for work expectations and to enable digital revolution.  Reduce process complexity amongst divisions...integrate IT systems.
Expand work from home options post-COVID.
Our CEO should not be making political comments about the GA voting rights!!!! He does not speak for everyone at this company and he should stay away from politics. We are a Pharma company not a political company. When will MRL be held accountable for bring drugs to market in a timely manner. Islatravir was purchased over ten years ago. We are one year into Phase 3 studies and the product still has three years  to get to market????  Our competition in HIV runs circles around us. It is embarrassing.
In general I feel the approach with Hoshin's could be improved.  I've been on both sides of the coin within my department (creating an A3 and working to fulfill an A3).  I believe we would be more successful by having the people who will be working on an A3 also be involved in its creation.  If you want folks to feel connected to the mission or the future state of the organization, you need to give them a voice in its creation as well as a stake in seeing that creation come to life.
The company score card has to be changed.  Other pharma companies have divisional scorecards.  It's really hard to accept the scorecard number when my division hit it out of the ballpark.
Don't say no when we ask for help, or at least try to understand more why we are asking for help. I'm working really long hours and me and my manager are asking for additional people and people keep on saying no.
Align the different strategies and initiatives: line of business vs global strategies vs site strategies.  Also, that discussions must be done in the right time of the year to also consider budget planning.   Too many asks from different points of the business, and sites dealing with limited resources or people.  Not possible when most the asks are a priority.
Share content and experience of leaders across departments.
Keep fostering flexibility and work-life balance
Continue listening to employees that understand our opportunities and future success.
Determining a career path is difficult for newer employees and seems very dependent on personal relationships. It would be helpful to provide resources to help us determine the pros and cons of different career paths and to make it clearer to employees what specific skills are needed to get promoted.
Continue the great work.
Align the Global and Regional ways of working and leadership styles with the progress some countries are making in adopting an agile operation model.
Merck should require skip-level meeting on a regular basis to provide feedback on the department's current state from our view, concerns, suggestions for improvement, feedback on direct management, and to listen to what is going well. It has been my experience over the last 4 years that upper management that directly manages across sites is not in contact with those other satellite sites employees to obtain feedback on their management.  In addition, colleagues who have been at Merck for an extended period of time seem extremely resistant to any change or innovative ideas. They prefer to keep things the way they have always been, rather than to explore ways to improve processes as other companies have in order to be up to date on current technologies and best practices. This has proven to show that Merck is behind in current best practices in a multitude of areas.
Remove some of the barriers to effect change, we are being stifled by change control and it appears that differing mechanisms for such are applied across different sites.
Increase salary, pay all expenses generated due to the pandemic that was previously absorbed by the company (lunch, electricity usage, internet, etc). Focus extensively on development programming and AI capabilities to accelerate and automate repetitive work.
It would be helpful to be able to hire team members more rapidly and in proportion to how quickly our workload can ramp up.
- Create global virtual onboarding guidance for leaders  - Encourage D&I and equity discussions at a team level
Less bureaucracy, simpler decision making.
More opportunity for Technical Services professionals in the field to have input / collaborate with R&D.  We know better than folks in the lab what is needed in the field, but we do not have the opportunity to give input.
Merck needs to listen to the people doing the work.  Letting them work from home after the offices open up.  If we've been doing our jobs successfully from home for over a year, why can't we continue to do this.  Not everyone needs to be in the office to show their face.
Further invest in basic research to let science drive the best possible medicines. Take more calculated risk to allow for progress. Hire well qualified scientists and retain them. Further building of engaged teams.
Keeping experience operators/personnel and ensuring that these people are recognized for their day to day efforts by setting out clear development paths to follow. Opening up cross departmental gate ways to learn new skills, develop & grow in other areas and not be restricted to one department.
Employees need to be valued, recognized and not worked until burnout. It is a difficult time and we have more work now than ever. This was not the best moment to start such large initiatives within our group.
1. Truly mean it when they say they value diversity of perspectives. Sometimes it feels like diverse perspectives are welcome when they align with leadership perspectives.  2. Be less hierarchical and truly support decision making at the appropriate level.  3. Enable and support space for broader long term strategic thinking and activities to take place. We seem to be too focused on meeting the bottom line today. While this is important, the reality is that the external landscape is rapidly changing and we need to evolve our business model to be relevant in tomorrow's market place.
Treat others the way you want to be treated. Our mid-level and upper-level managers appear tone deaf to what is happening in the field, with our customers and when issues arise and people in the field try to raise issues, they are diminished. For an organization that has invested in training its sales force to take the trip with its customers, our leaders are failing to take the trip with their internal stakeholders. We have also grown faster with the acquisition of MAHI than we have had runway or plans to properly manage the change - sure we have business cases, but what has been offered in the way of promoting climate and integration among employees? We FAIL with change management and overlook the impact change has on employees and organizational culture.
Please rethink about all the processes which are extremely redundant and inefficient. It is the single biggest reason of inefficiencies and frustration elated to our wok.
I feel Merck is doing all the right things to it a great workplace. I've been at other companies before and I can proudly say joining Merck was the best decision ever! I appreciate the diversity I see in every single group and meetings I've been to. I appreciate the depth of knowledge and knowledge sharing that happens and encouraged. I am also excited that knowledge management is a huge focus for the company. Keep up the good work, Merck!!
Remove barriers that don't allow representatives do their job.  Some of the current rules in place put us at a significant disadvantage to our competitors.
The compliance procedure keep getting complicated which makes us employees feel impossible to carry out works. It indeed slowed down everything. I strongly discipline the company regulations but I think that the administration board need to come up with a flexible method to keep everything in disciplined, but not to slow things down severely.
Make compliance a reality, and not only a concept
Skip meetings need to be made mandatory.  They should occur either every 6 months or yearly but should be implemented.
Continued focus on bringing innovative, differentiated therapies to patients globally.  Continue initiatives that focus on employee well-being and provide opportunities for career growth.
More inclusion and diversity within the leadership and upper management departments.
Hire and promote people... seems like there are more Director, VP level hires with specialty roles within the organization, which creates more work, but everyone is already spread thin.  Prioritize and delay/eliminate "unnecessary" projects.  Even with cost cutting measures underway, the amount of work is increasing.
While COVID has brought a lot of negatives the big positive for me is the greater acceptance of working from home - it is a huge positive for me in terms of work/life integration and in fact I am more productive. Before this I tried to do 1 day/month or less at home but it was not as easy as everyone else was at the site (so harder to stay connected and hear the conversations). To me all tier meetings should remain remote even when past COVID.  My preference would be a blended approach - may 1-2 days on site, rest at home
Merck leadership needs to remember that half the country is conservative and half liberal, the same would probably apply to our company and by putting their political views out there in the forefront in front of our company’s values and mission is problematic on so many levels.  It causes less motivation, less engagement and lack of faith in what and who Merck is as a company by the employees and our customers.  It ultimately has hurt our company culture which we had worked so hard to cultivate.  I hope the new Merck leadership will take this input to heart.
put the right staffing levels into departments where they are needed and don't expect the same level of staff to manage the increased business - 12% in 2020. Unnecessary pressure/stress on people affects health, home life and probably quality of work
Diversity and inclusion is & can be a key enabler/asset and differentiator for our company.   There needs to be continued progression in ensuring ALL employees feel included, can contribute and do their best work, as well as develop into the "best they can be".....however, there needs to be appropriate balance between the pull we currently have on certain populations, which can cause unintended consequences to other persons that may not be "in" that targeted population,  and resulting in a feeling of being left behind, not valued or creates obstacles for their own development/progression.
Have a mission focused on advancing our goals of delivering innovation to patients through industry leading R&D, NOT political activism marching this country towards marxism.  At some point we need to realize that freedoms we all need now sit outside the 'gates of our government'.  Where do we want to sit!!??  Figure it out and tell your employees because what they're seeing now isn't what they agreed to.
A truly safe environment for people to speak up and for them to feel heard, at EVERY level, not just at the top.
Listen to customer needs, refine processes to allow freedom of thought and action, be less hierarchical, break silos.
We are strangled by compliance. Lighten up a little so we can compete. Increase salary and bonus for field sales in Oncology. Create a stock option program to reward good performance. "leadership" needs to be honest with themselves, and stop pushing the "total compensation" concept. Step up and PAY good field based employees.....other Oncology companies are doing it.  Allowing people  to work remotely in HQ roles is a good step in the right direction. However, there is no incentive for quality field based employees to take these positions and walk away from a bonus and take a pay cut for  HQ role. adjust the compensation so that when transitioning from a field based role to a HQ role, the pay remains the same.
Our sales are below forecast.  The stress on our vaccine field sales professionals as a result is palpable.  We are still in the throes of a global pandemic and given the vaccination roll out and 8 or more weeks necessary to get fully vaccinated w/o having additional vaccines in the mix, as well as the stress on our customers, it is no surprise that vaccine sales are not where we want them to be.  We need to have a different approach beyond panic in this situation. Consider more direct to consumer outreach support right now - brand or above brand. Our HCPs are trying to get people in and vaccinated and would love more support in these efforts.
- Continue to enable remote working options, even once there is the ability to return to the office - Continue to provide programs, such as Wellthy, that focus on our employees' health and well-being - Continue to have the INSPIRE program - Continue the shutdown period, between Christmas and New Year's - Continued focus on Diversity, Equity and Inclusion as not only the right thing to do, but also critical to achieve our business objectives.  This includes continuing to not only provide mandatory learning modules, but also enabling people managers to discuss topics with their employees - Continue to have every employee have a D&I priority(ies) within their priorities (at least within the USHH organization)
Be more open minded to change and innovative ideas.   Many colleagues who have been at Merck for an extended period of time seem extremely resistant to any change or innovative ideas.  Rather than explore ways to improve processes as other companies have in order to be up to date on current technologies and best practices, they somehow prefer to keep things just the way they are.  In order to move forward in the future, you have to be flexible and willing to change with the times.
Put action and money behind the words of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion. We cannot be satisfied with a 2.5% Black workforce.
stop making processes over complicated, change processes constantly. Release new processes without "appropriate" stakeholder feedback. Many processes cannot be applied in real life sitiuations
We are doing a wonderful job of promoting wellness, diversity, and other pieces during these challenging times. Our mission remains clear and employees should be motivated based on the support we have from the company for all aspects of our lives. Merck has always been a great place to work!
Really live the motto 'when patients come first, the profit will follow ...'  Just a suggestion: we could start by firstly count the number of patients we're helping with our products and only secondly mention the sales figures of our products. Doing so could support the mindshift we do sometimes need
Prioritize and align on programs and initiatives.
Retention and recruitment of talent, especially innovative thinkers that can navigate changing healthcare landscape.
To increase employees respect to their managers, managers need to learn what their employees do.  Managers need better and faster communication with employees.
Merck and Marketing need to take a close look at competitors and see what they are doing to be successful... their websites are easy to understand, easy to access resources, Merck needs to do a better job of advertising, direct to consumer and make it easy to get the products.
Increase allocation and amount of long term incentives
Stick to what we are good at: developing vaccines and medications.
Hold managers accountable to follow the positive culture that Merck states as culture and values.  If they actually knew what happens at lower levels and how upper level management treats them, they would be surprised...especially with regard to not feeling safe to speak up because subtle retaliation and encouraging "mean girls" would not exist.  Wake up!   Especially in the Legal arenas where showing respect to all employees is a requirement.
Continue to prioritize employee wellbeing (physical and mental health) by emphasizing the importance of both as a part of our workplace culture and providing resources and flexibility to support this.
End compulsory retirement at 65
Take actions regarding employees mindfulness and personal mental health considering our current situation with Covid-19 pandemic. I feel like there is a lot of resources available to employees, managers talk about them and tell employees to use it, but also, with all the deliverables and demands we are facing both personal and professionally, we need a more pro-active action from managers and plant managers to make people really stop doing things and practice mindfulness.
Keep products in the pipeline to sell. Allow us to get out and back to business
conduct seminars on diversity and inclusion, not just myLearning.
Commit to follow up on initiatives and ensure we have the resources to perform our job at a high level and on time. Also invest in people development/carreer planning
Place the correct talent in manager roles.
Keep learning and growing
The freedom to have transparent and candid discussions in order to best serve the people that work for our company.
Culture to share important and confidential information not only among management but to team members who are directy affected
Continue to support employees during the Pandemic, allowing flexibility of work place and schedules.
Continue to develop current employees and provide resources for professional growth.
Be real.  Doing things for image or political correctness can stall agility and what is best for our company.
Even though we still have work to do, I feel that Merck is making strides towards a diverse and inclusive company by bringing awareness to employees.  Being a leader in vaccines, I was a little surprised that Merck was not one of the front runners out of the gate with a Covid Vaccine so I am hoping that we are looking at newer biological developments and research for future vaccines.
Try to move the roadblocks that keep us from working as an equal to other companies in the industry
decrease number of bureaucratic barriers that dont help focusing on the actual job
Better employee retention in order to plan ahead for the future generation of leaders in the company.
There is much to do. We need more people to handle the workload (or eliminate/outsource tasks) and development opportunities for all areas. Because roles and positions are changing or eliminated, a change of mindset is needed to help people develop skills in general not associated with a specific job. Keep up the Ways of Working.
- Continue to deliver transparent communication - Ensure employee safety is a priority - Continue to provide employee development opportunities
i feel Merck has taken the actions needed.  During this pandemic i feel that Merck has put my heath and safety first.
No additional steps continue on with the current roadmap. The company is providing us the most valuable tools of all  communication, resources ,support and a awesome place to work.
Invest in research, help to shape the animal health market for a sustainable future
More active leadership training for current managers on how to be a better resource to their direct reports. We have several training programs for "future leaders" but current leadership seems to need this training much more. Emotional intelligence is severely lacking in my part of the organization.
Acknowledge when something is introduced as a potential time saver, but is not working from an efficiency point of view, to revert back to original ways of working.Also acknowledge that digitally enabled solutions do not always mean more efficiency. In most cases e.g elogs, they simply mean that the meet a desired/greater level of compliance. when in fact they have added work and complexity - Solution elogs in ADC are more difficult to write up than the paper solution logbooks and for no purpose as paper print outs from instruments remain in place. so this isnt a paperless activity - it is a mixture of paper and  a slow digital platform. Feedback on this has been overwhelmingly negative with regards to extra time added but has been totally disregarded by management.  Do not leave colleagues so under resourced/under pressure constantly for so long that the resulting culture, once good natured, becomes sour and where everyone who would always help out just becomes too busy to even have a conversation or answer
Provide enough resources to ensure a fair days work for everyone. Highlight the right to disconnect once your shift/work day ends and before it begins.
Listen to the people doing the work.  Get feedback before making decisions that impact them.  Ultimately, the job must be done and goals need to be met.  But for the past few years I have received a lot of feedback from other employees, and at times felt it myself.  There are times when demands of daily responsibilities coupled with extra projects and/or unrealistic timelines are putting an immeasurable amount of stress on the people.  Truly listening to them will help morale and I believe will then also help create a safer place to work and contribute to our goal of target zero.
Simplify processes, automation whenever possible. Apply agile principles
Talk to compliance at OTHER companies and find out how they are able to be innovative and not limit their reps being able to do their jobs.  Stop saying NO to everything because “what we give to one division, we have to give to another”...look at BAND levels for benefits and perks. The people high up should NOT be voicing their political views everywhere, it makes over half of employees feel excluded.
increase the pace of decision making, become more nimble
Make sure decisions, pillars and strategies on the global and C-Level are cascaded to local level.
continue to support the employees' well-being and health
Ensure that we are resourced appropriately.. Management should not be afraid to ask for support and more resources.
I would like to know what other things our company is doing to help us engage with our customers from different avenues.  I would like to know if they are educating our providers at conferences and through direct to provider communications.
Build and sell great animal and human health products and services.  Do not try to influence employee voting and get recklessly involved in woke culture and politics
MSD should keep doing the great job is doing now, putting a lot of focus on employees wellbeing, also when the pandemic will be over.
stronger rules about working hours, deadlines, support for Home office equipment, respect time when people are on holidays
Encourage movement and stretch assignments; make the process for inline promotions more feasible so people are incentivized to stay within the same group
Provide training when it is relevant or more organized training resources that can be accessed when needed. I find it hard to remember training that happened weeks before I need to complete the task at hand.
Continue investing in MerckMSD people/employees :-)
Improve training programs and standardize core trainings so it is easier for sites to manage transferring employees and contractors.  Offer more supervisor trainings when major process changes occur such as registering NMPs in Workday.
More company sponsored events or employee engagement activities to boost morale at the Wilson site (after pandemic, of course).
Continue actively discussing D&I and what we as individuals and departments can do.  Continue to take a stance on important social injustices and inequities.
I feel at times there is too much communication via email-I receive a lot of emails-sometimes the same from multiple places.
I always felt proud to work for a company that values every employee.  Lately, I am hearing comments like- 'This is one of our best African American employees.'  This is appalling to me.  Am I one of the best- or only one of the best in my race?  I don't believe comments like these support our core values that have existed since the days of George Merck.  Also, traditionally, PACS were reserved for political outlets and now politics are invading our everyday work with many feeling compelled to bring politics into meetings.
More rewards for people who work harder
As we move back to the new normal, we have to consider all the benefits of the past year with a more flexible workplace as well as the shift to open space/hot seating where germs DO shift -- important consideration as there will be another epidemic and for COVID-19, not all family members will be vaccinated nor know duration of vaccination efficacy nor how they work against variants - to me, it's less about getting COVID-19 and more about the unknown risk factors for and ramifications of Long COVID. There are mental health and work efficiencies to connecting in-person but there are also benefits to being able to work remotely. We also nee to ensure we don't lose the innovations that groups have found with how to make working remotely work better.
Focus on employees well-being by not just speaking to the importance of work/life balance but by actively taking steps to improve it. Continue to improve workplace culture; make Merck a place where employees want to come to work and are excited about work. Take risks and be more progressive - consider meeting free days. Continue to be more flexible in work arrangements. Reconsider the entire calibration system. Remove administrative barrier that slow down the way we work.
I think the Organon spin has been a significant drain on the organization.   I fear we have left both organizations vulnerable.   The failures in COVID vaccines and delays in the therapeutics also are not instilling much confidence.   Finally we do not seem to be able to generate demand for our products with the sales force as it as sized and structures.  We need to start delivering !
Merck should continue what it's doing in the form of Town Hall's/other forums to connect us to our leadership team and pertinent issues we are addressing as a company.  I think communication is key, especially as we are all still managing through COVID and its repercussions.
Merck claims to be customer-focused, but we are so product-centric that we really don't understand or meet our customers' needs.  Legal/compliance limitations are excessive compared to other pharmaceutical companies who are also highly regulated and conservative.
All is great and very fortunate to work at Merck!
Merck should remember we are running a business and not a political platform.  While the CEO and leaders on the human health side may have certain political views, those views do not apply to all employees and actually hurt our company's bottom line.  Business and politics do not mix well and Merck is suffering because our company has expressed the political views of a few as the company's view.
Simplify electronic document management and storage.  Find the right information across multiple applications can be a chore.
revise the work life balance to maybe 10 hour/ 4 day work week to be able to have 1 day off i.e. Fridays
desencourage internal politics and give opportunities to transparent and result oriented people Less meetings
Just keep doing what you are doing.   Be transparent, keep us informed, ask for our opinion, make sure to be competitive in pay structure and benefits compared to other pharma etc.
Involve all levels of employees in decisions regarding systems that affect daily work of those employees
Truly be open to making changes that employees recommend  without being nervous about job security and also making changes in a more quick manner.
Continue supporting individuals in their growth within the company. Something I appreciate about Merck that stands out above other companies is the involvement of management in my personal goals, and their willingness to help me personally get there, rather than just me being a face in the crowd that completes tasks. My department does an amazing job at this, and this is something that has engaged me and made me want to stay with Merck for a long time. Keep up the great work BCMT leadership!!!
Be a truly science based company that values diversity of thought and experience. JUST saying it doesn't make it true.
it is very important to hear what people says in regards of workload mostly related to specif functional areas, departments and therapeutic areas that keep a regular level of work overload, like oncology. Employee creativity is essential for organizational innovation, survival, and growth in complex and dynamic environments. Motivating employee creativity, however, is challenging because generating creative ideas requires individuals to move away from existing solutions, to try out different alternatives, and to risk failure. Motivating creativity becomes even more challenging when employees face high workload pressure, because this often leads individuals to prioritize activities that are more certain and controllable over creative actions.
There should be more in-depth trainings put in place as part of onboarding trainings for new employees so that they have full understanding of their role. That way they feel more comfortable and independent to perform their tasks once trained with very little to no assistance or supervision- more efficient and less waste of time.
The processes efficiency are poor/low and excessive bureaucracy blocks opportunities to improve our operations (then currently very little can be made to address the existing issues).
SLT needs to ask their direct reports what they can do for them and mean it by actually meeting that request.  Direct reports on this site need a hand, they don't need additional assignments, rules or requirements to follow.  Help them by working with and beside them through these challenging times.
Offer more technological and digital options to the workplace. Also, continue offering work from home opportunities for those that have used them during the COVID-19 pandemic. Having a monthly diversity focus would be nice to highlight all the areas of Merck diversity.
Lead the industry in providing employee benefits that creatively provide solutions to employee concerns instead of devolving to "benchmarked" compromises.
Continue with what we've been doing and make incremental improvements along the way.  And keep WFH an option post pandemic for those who can (definitely makes my job easier)
Focus on a few key IT items that need to be globally implemented and not try to deploy too much without delivering anything
1.  Sabbaticals - and not ones that require employees to do job specific function/activity or requires management pre-approval.  If an employee wants to take 3 months off to go learn how to surf or learn French cooking or hike the Appalachian trail then that should be supported. 2.  Promote more job rotations and movement.  In MRL we are too focused on keeping people in function/role.  It is better for long term engagement and employee satisfaction to let employees learn and broaden their perspective of the business.
Continue to provide adequate resourcing for teams so that healthy work life balance can be maintained Encourage senior mgt to listen actively to team perspectives before making decisions
I am deeply concerned about the medium- and long-term future of Merck.  The company badly needs to develop new products in the next 5-7 years to offset the effect of Keytruda going off patent in that timeframe.  This is the context in which I worry about job security, especially in the R&D divisions of a company led by the former CFO.  Senior leadership should do more to voice their commitment to investing in R&D.  Otherwise, we will see lots of talent leaving the company over the next few years.
Increase partnership opportunities
Stress the importance of controlling to empowering WoW to management at all levels and ensure this is an expectation of management in the organization to live up to the spirit of empowering people in their organization.  Stress the importance of prioritization to management and set a clear expectation that when new work is added something should be removed or resources should be carefully evaluated.  Better support from management to work on simplification of work processes.
Merck is a great company, I have had the pleasure working for Merck for 22 years.  Merck has treated me so well throughout my career and especially during COVID.  Thank you!
To attract young professionals & leaders.
Listen to the feedback from employees
Provide more people resources so we don't have to wear as many hats as leaders.
Merck needs to remove politics from the work place.  I yearn to return to the days when I didn't know the political affiliation of my CEO.  Frankly what is going on now is disgusting and it will end up impacting our business in a negative way.... it always does when you alienate ~50% of the population.  The company talks about "Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging" yet based upon the recent company actions this only applies if you're a far left liberal.    Merck is the one Pharma company that made the conservative boycott list....apparently society has taken notice and not in a good way...Congratulations!  Merck is a company with a rich history of success.  Can we please screw our heads on straight , get out of the business of promoting political agendas comprised of failed ideas that cannot work, and get back to the business of developing life saving medications?
I believe that Merck has taken great strides this past year in several areas, raising the bar for what a great company looks like - with provision of a wealth of resources for personal/family support, opportunities for professional development/enrichment, and taking down barriers for career advancement.  I hope these changes continue, and that they are not just a temporary response to the global pandemic and inequalities that have been highlighted this year.  By investing and supporting employees, we are stronger and more united towards the common goal of getting the right medicine, to the right patients, at the right time!
improve talent management support for Band 400/Band 500s  how employee performance is evaluated and rewarded doesn't seem to fair or to equate to our ways of working anymore
Allow for more advancement opportunities which can allow people to remain in there same department rather than have to move around for advancement.
Fix the recruiting process and make more opportunities for employees to grow from within the company. Find better ways to spread work instead of piling it on people: This isn't a poor company; hire more people! Don't just spout mental health awareness and work/life balance: do something about it.
I strongly feel like we need to be more aggressive in returning to a full service approach. Just because we are sidelined doesn't mean that our customers needs are going away, rather someone else is stepping in to solve their problems for them.
All to build Transformation goals/priorities in Workday  - especially Innovation & Digital. Continue to encourage flexible working but also figure ways of bringing people together physically in a safe environment.
There are a lot of good things this company does but there can be a lot of roadblocks to make simple changes that fulfil some mandates and policies. These can be beneficial for large changes but can get in the way of getting teams what they need quickly. If you are boosting the amount of work people have to do you need to grow with additional people, space, and equipment/efficiency. We need two of these three of these things and right now we are lucky to get one.
There is a big push for diversity and inclusion in the Merck workforce.  It is also an objective from the top down. We have had no discussions on how to make a positive change. Some more guidance on how to achieve a meaningful change would be helpful. Frankly listening to a training on personal bias is not helpful with making a change to the Merck Organization.
Workshops for different groups to show what is done in Merck/MSD. Maybe visit schools, give lectures
IT infra and support, seems like the company is ambitious to move forward but lacking of IT support (resources/etc.) Example we want to do automation but lack of End to End support system to ensure smooth operation ended up automation not able to be carried out, or carried out with error and no proper support/ escalation points
I think the company should look into 4-day work weeks.  In my department I am seeing a shift that most of my colleagues I work with are working 830am-630pm Monday through Thursday, and Friday afternoons are slow.  I feel more rested after a 3-day weekend over a traditional weekend.
We should stay out of political and emotional agendas. If we want to be "all inclusive", our actions should speak for themselves and the constant barrage to support certain agendas should not be needed.
Adopt measures to improve the work-life balance of employees.
Merck is so big on diversity of thought yet we still feel that unless “our thought” is in line with Merck or our manager we will be looked at negatively. Merck doesn’t reward representatives with competitive salaries, but at least show reps appreciation.  Show us you value us for what we do.  Send little surprises to our homes.  But Don’t cheap out on the items: example, lighting  that was sent to the reps for our virtual engagements. My manager NEVER gives out inspire points.   Give us more money for cell phones  My manager giving us sas for expensing a $10 car wash while home..really?? Don’t make oncology reps pay extra for better vehicles! That makes a difference in culture! Don’t have MBO part of compensation.   Creating the wrong kind of culture between teammates.   we have a referral program in place that incentives us $1,000. i.  We can’t even take advantage of that because top talent won’t join the company with all the restrictions, limitations, and  financial package.
If we really want to be number one in oncology, then we need to provide resources for our customers and patients. Resources that they would truly value. Resources that they would want. Also, Compliance rules are sometimes too harsh and get in the way of our ability to meet with customers. In oncology we have a 12 RFM limit per HCP per year. Sometimes an HCP will meet for a quick coffee but then that will count against the 12/yr against the whole team if you want to meet individually with that customer because we usually meet for a lunch RFM as a group. Not everyone can join on every lunch bc we try to rotate who goes from the team, as to not overload the customer. But when you have a good relationship with a customer, they may want to give you more 1:1 time with a coffee, but not necessarily want to do with your pod members. Not sure why it’s necessary to have a limit. We can’t take coffee very often but at least it would be another touch point, if we weren’t limited.
If we say we are planning to Simplify let’s do it.  Let’s not just make this a buzz word.  We need to give people the freedom to do the important work without redundancy and the overwhelming at times administrative culture here.
We need to get back to normal. Let us get back on the road and back to Merck meetings in person. I feel that it is time to move forward. We can't hid in a corner forever. Our customers never stopped so we need to keep going too.
Focus on the mission, and don't bring politics into work.
Technology advancement that would accept proprietary programs and integrate them. Silo'd inventory and billing programs are not conducive to a lean and stream line business process that promotes customer selling objectives.
I am extremely proud to be a Merck employee.  All of my expectations from an Employer have been met by Merck!  Ken Frasier does an excellent job of keeping Merck employees happy to be a part of an organization that saves lives.
Only that we are a 24/7 operation and as such we need to receive that support on a 24/7 basis from ALL departments .
Merck has done excellent work focusing on employees.  Living the George Merck quote of "...medicine is for the people not the profits..." by focusing on employees which will bring life saving medicine from research, to manufacturing, to supply, to promotion all are driven by great Merck employees who are here to help save lives.
I honestly feel that Merck is the best company and I feel incredibly privileged to be part of such a great organization.  Merck supports their employees and Merck's commitment to social responsibility makes me particularly proud.  I am personally interested in global health initiatives and volunteering. I love the Giving Back program to encourage employees to volunteer and I have used this time to help my community and demonstrate to my customers how Merck works to better our world.
Provide all the resource types to ensure that the ways of working principles, the MPS improvements, incremental continual improvements, and a problem solving culture is established and happening everyday, in order to Fortify our Future and meet Expedition 25 targets. I believe the the strategy in place is sound, but the resources are needed to get there, particularly within a growth site.
Merck / MSD should address the huge workload that is right now upon their employees.
In GCTO there are roles with too many things to review, they are responsible for a lot of critical processes and often are not able to cover all the things they need to do. We spend many time reviewing in the past, for what was not done on time, or going after people to do all they need to do. I dont know if it would be possible to create task forces, to focus on different processes, and not to load all only in one role.  It may not be applicable for everything but is the way I this issue could be addressed. For example in other companies, there are In house CRAs dedicated to review systems and activities that can be done remotely and there are field personnel to visit sites.
Provide talents with more career opportunities
Further dialogue around unconscious bias. Having uncomfortable conversations around tough topics like diversity and how we can enhance the employee experience from BIPOC's that work at the company
Recognize employees, as a whole, more. We all do a lot of work, especially in the work-from-home COVID era. Combined with spinning off a new company the general feeling I get when talking to co-workers across multiple departments around the globe, is that everyone is getting burned out and the hard work wont be recognized.
Guarantee that senior leadership are running within minimal respects boundaries. Attitudes like yelling, cursing should be unacceptable and never expected from anyone´s side in MSD. I honestly dont trust hotline number to make a call without feeling myself threatened. I dont want to continue to work here in a short run.
Biomark is a unique entity within the Merck/MSD family and there are individual team members that "cross over" to different departments. It's difficult to manage their contributions when there are different managers managing their daily schedules.  It's also difficult to promote from within.  When there are team members who outperform during the year and begin to be as efficient or exceed their peers performance level there is no simple mechanism to adjust their compensation to that of their peers.
Regulatory groups should work more closely, to strive for consistency and simplification of requirements.  As a technical employee, I find myself creating or reviewing documentation, fighting with documentation systems, and discussing interpretation of regulatory requirements, for a far greater amount of time that I actually do technical work.  Add in subjective and changing regulatory direction, from different groups and even within a given group, and very little can get done.
Train managers on how to be leaders not just bosses.
adapt work policy to allow work from home
More team-building activities
I believe there should be more opportunities to move up to a high role (example M2 from M1) after showing multiple years of out-performed. More manager flexibility with pay. More standardization in hiring for roles (example: director level position in the human side requires bachelors and 5 years experiences, while recent opens in animal health required a DVM education and 10 years. Might drive talent to other part in organization or company for increased recognition, potential, and pay.
Give more competitive salaries. Establish more ambitious goals towards sustainability and green processes
Reinforce that we have a future here and not just an employee that is replaceable or disposable. I.e sell us off to prop up the stock price.
The company needs to adhere more closely to servant leadership. With the large number of people in management working from home it has been too easy for some in those rolls to disconnect from their commitment to success on the shop floor.
We need more drugs in the surgical/ anesthesia space
Do more to promote environments of trust and psychological safety within the company.  Continue to be a prominent voice in the US and other countries to address racial injustice and health inequities.
Send in a neutral team to evaluate each site for the issues (good and bad). Have the neutral team select the individuals to meet with and discuss the issues.
Eliminate career advancement navigation filters for all employees to have equal access to opportunities.
-First, I must say, Merck has provided above and beyond for employees during COVID-19, there is no better company at taking care of their own. (Benefits are incredible and mainly what keeps people at Merck) -Follow PHARMA guidelines, not look at how we can make it even harder to do business.  -Be agile and move faster in this environment we are now conducting business. -Remember what George Merck said: “medicines are for the patient” and if we cannot get to our customers, they can’t get the medicine to the patient.  -Be wise with the 340B challenges in marketplace, our customers are struggling for funds in post COVID world. -Bring back RSUs to the field level. The field is also making relationships and moving medicines to the appropriate patients. When these left several years ago, that was tough.
Keep doing what you are doing to support employees in this difficult time.
Consider a different operating model - that better enables a growth mindset and breaks down silos between divisions and be much more aggressive on the digital front.
After working from home for over a year in the midst of a pandemic, I feel unsafe and fearful of returning to an enclosed, indoor workplace. Merck should let employees were from home as a full time option.
Allow more time for employee development. Increase salaries for long-term employees to match salaries demanded by incoming employees of similar skill and experience.
Preserve the successful culture and great success matrix of our ways of working that always equip us with right toolset and resources, engaging us with the right mindset and empower our capabilities with the right skillset. Thanks MSD
add more resources for extra works and new projects in order to reduce the workload and the amount of stress I am experiencing right now.
Focus on our mission.  Do not get distracted by politics or current events.  Focus and ultimately results will be a magnet for diverse talent.
Attract talent and expertise for emerging biotechnologies, and position pipeline to support emerging biotechnologies.
fair pay for employees  option to continue flexibility working from home when possible more transparency from senior LT
Improve transparency into decision-making.  Hold poorly performing functions more accountable to help the organization better perform.
Understand our Customer’s better and let us help them during this challenging time
Don’t be so Oncology centric
Merck desperately needs to hollow out the bureaucracy involved in getting stuff done every day from submitting an IT support ticket, to risk management.
-Leaders to embrace diversity and inclusion, especially leaders who are members of the majority race, and see it as a problem to actively solve for and not  take it as an issue for under-represented groups to solve. -establish free, complete  and transparent flow of information on program strategies and actions away from silos and restricted hogging of information by few
Provide more training to better identify root cause of safety and quality incidents
Continue to provide information regarding diversity and inclusion, it's much needed.
Field employees need more career development opportunities. Centralization of jobs to Head Office makes it impossible for experienced and talented field employees(who cannot relocate), to develop and grow within the organization.
-Break down Divisional and Cross Divisional SIlos.  Require collaboration and driving toward the same "goal post".  We need to stop allowing/enabling the "opting out" and pursing personal agendas. -As we have seen this year, we need to make timely, informed decisions on our pipeline and focus resources on programs that will meet our goals and objectives.  Resources are lean and we need to focus on those programs that will drive us ahead. -Separate from Organon as expediently as possible.  Organon is a necessary distraction and we need to get this behind us and move on.
In bad times, true colors come through.  During this past year, Merck has done an outstanding job in supporting both personal safety of employees and keeping our business going.  I feel we are thriving (both personally and work-wise), not just surviving.  Merck has gone way beyond my expectations as a company.
Keep investing on the empowerment of the teams, removing the uneeded bureocracy and improving the overall agility.
Merck should not get involved in social or political issues such as Georgia Voting laws or BLM because there are multiple viewpoints.   I would also discourage our leadership from sending company wide emails sharing personal views of election results. This leads to employees, who disagree with those opinions, feeling oppressed when they cannot stand up for their own beliefs. I consider this a form of bullying
Allow employees to continue to work from home full time if they so choose, even after we're allowed to go back into the workplace. Over the course of the past 1+ year, we've learned to be more flexible and have been able to recreate and manage our work-life balance. Disrupting it going forward would be a hardship for many.
Merck can be compared to everything wrong with Amerikkka. You say you listen to our voices as employees but make minimal to no action. Change needs to happen and it should have happened yesterday! There is no way you will retain talent in the future if you stay the course. I have many ideas and would love to give my insight on how you can adapt. People want and demand to be their full selves all the time now. Code switching is a real thing and people are tired of it. Everything from the pandemic to the social justice movement has escalated what is acceptable now in corporate America. What were you doing before the incidences that happened in 2020?  People can see through the fake love and they will not stand for it anymore. Merck needs a COMPLETE make over if you want to actually make diversity& inclusion a priority for the company. If D&I is a political stunt for Merck, I am telling you people see right through that and become even more upset. There needs to be disruption!
Improve systems to drive efficiency improvements  More empowerment to reduce/eliminate work or tasks.  We know there are more valuable things to work on, but have a hard time turning things off.  More reasonable expectations.  Set better separation from work in off hours (e.g. less frequent work on weekends, late nights).
Spend resources, support, and allow for extra extensive disease state education.  Make us the leading sales force in the oncology market place.
We would all like to cover or know everything. That is an unlikely situation. Can Merck make an effort to filter out what is of value/relevance to putting patient's first and what's in best interest of health care?  Too much to know and cover at current pace.
After 23 years at Merck in various roles I have to say I still love coming to work every day and am proud of the work we do.  My only complaint at this time is I felt cheated after watching the 2020 year in review.  I kept hearing glowing praise of what a great year the company had, most if not all of us met the challenges of working during COVID and we kept production going and ensured the supply of vaccines was always met around the world while dealing with our children staying home and remote learning, etc, etc.   It was kind of a punch to the gut when the company scorecard was then announced at 78 or whatever it was.  I felt it would have been appropriate with after everything we had gone through to at least just put it at 100% to tell everyone thanks, job well done in these unprecedented times.  But instead it was, well thanks, but you didn't do good enough.
Change culture to be less risk averse and more future forward.
Move away from flexible workplaces. To build trust in a team face-to-face contacts are essential. Flexible workplaces will not have a encouraging effect on face-to-face contacts.
Increase head count at the P1-P3 levels. These workers are currently wearing too many hats and which is contributing to too people leaving the company.
Diversity & Inclusion is a huge initiative right now and that is great.  However, when it comes to leadership and levels, it's not always demonstrated.  Departmental leadership in many organizations is still predominantly run by more men than women and definitely less POC.  Of course the best candidate should always be promoted regardless of their appearance, gender, or sexual orientation, but it would provide more hope to younger staff that D&I is really valued if it's actually demonstrated up top.  Additionally, D&I is pushed on all of us, but what would be most supportive for those of us that D&I would benefit most, would be seeing more sponsorship and support from people who would be allies.  During these turbulent times, recognition for the issues POC or LGBTQ deal with by people who cannot relate but can offer open support as an ally is invaluable.  It shouldn't only be those people who fit D&I "characteristics" that should be leading D&I initiatives.
difficult to manage increasing workloads with decreasing people resources. Workloads (both admin and actual) are increasing exponentially and it is very difficult to focus on definitive outcomes without the distractions that come from other areas of the business
Keep doing what you have been doing. I've never felt more valued.  The handling of COVID and how it affected our jobs and personal life's was and is handled so AMAZING! THANK YOU MERCK!
Continue to survey employees. Invest in personal and professional development.
Merck has to be more nimble and flexible with it’s customer facing team. It almost feels like the company is ashamed that it has a sales force that sells pharmaceutical products. It’s discouraging for the sales force when so many rules and policies are in place that make it next to impossible to do our jobs sometimes.
Work on compensation.    33 years later compensation could help smooth the stress
Provide guidance and resources to help employees achieve a healthy work-life balance
Merck is looking for diversity but they need to be careful that they don't create divide in the workplace.  Maybe more team building activities that brings people together as people.
Break down silos. Improve Hoshin Kanri by ruthlessly focusing on breakthrough priorities versus many important priorities.
Ensure we have a more globally accepted Diversity and Inclusion policy of succession planning. Too often hiring and promotion was, and up until now, done by non-diverse hiring boards, resulting in a completely obvious lack of diversity here in Canada.  I know this is changing, but until 2021, it was very much a homogenous old boys and girls club where nothing was really valued beyond gender from a Diversity perspective. It's getting better now, but one cannot remove the old boys and girls that made the hiring decisions to lead by promoting those just like them.
provide clear and concise messages to employees. continue to be transparent with all policies and current updates.  continue providing a company of positivity and enrichment. Training for employees should always be a priority. thank you!
Provide funding for each employee to improve their work-from-home life including items that help with the environment (e.g. standing desk, chair, docking station, etc) as well as funding for better health (e.g. money for outside or home gym equipment)
The PM process as it is, is not valuable anymore.   The best addition to manager's toolkit to motivate people is the INSPIRE tool.  Please don't do away with that.  In fact it can be used almost exclusively to motivate people.   As priorities are met, people can get rewarded.   Save a ton of administrative time calibrating people to fit into basically two labels.   Merit increases used to be tied to performance and they're not anymore.    Promotions used to be contingent on being high performer but that's not the case anymore.   Not being able to differentiate Successful category, sends a very bad message to those people who know they are outperformers (they may have been the year before and then are successful wondering what they did wrong).   The last thing you want to do is demotivate people.  Leave a way to calibrate for LTI but just give Merit and Bonus on company's performance. Don't show people what they would have received as a bonus.  Just bake it into the eligible bonus.
I commend Merck on adapting to new ways of working during COVID.  I appreciate the new opportunities provided to grow professionally due to the virtual work space.  The back up care resources have made a positive impact on me personally.  Thank You!
Support the employees and mission of our company without political bias!
Give people the chance to develop according to their potential. Also people with MBO education and several years of experience can contribute strongly to the development of Merck/MSD. These people are often strongly committed to the work and also want their chances to grow.
Be ahead of the trends, don't wait for other companies to lead.  With the unprecedented situation we are in with the pandemic, changes in Merck leadership and the Organon spin, we need to take risks and lead our employees through this tough time - and not to try to "go back" to what and how we were getting our work done in 2019.  Ask more questions, listen, make informed and timely decisions and share them with the employees.
1. Create an environment where people are not afraid to speak up. 2. Provide necessary resources to do the job. 3. Be willing to hear "No" for an answer.
Part time jobs with benefits. Less strict policies. Less politically correct corporate policies. More biblically based, truth based policies.
Merck leaders should stop being so concerned about the press and the optics of others and do the right thing to allow their employees to feel that they are a valued and can call on customers like their industry partners.
Invest in the personnel enhancements for the manufacturing sites. That is where the money is made and the value is derived.
I don’t agree with the IMMENSE focus on politics and social justice. We all understand where our company stands around this. The tough part is why these things are overtaking our work place when in reality they are very much like my religion they are between me and my God. I have always believed in equality and justice for all. That is in my fiber and my morality/ethics. In my role I have no way to control hiring, firing etc and therefore this should not be dictated in my YER. I work as a full equitable partner with everyone on my team and beyond always have. Merck will do what it will do and I will listen..yet I was properly educated and taught how to treat all people as a child. Thanks for listening.
bring back the QSIP organization to identify gaps within our MMD processes to assist with standardizing our procedures in both the operational and quality areas, this will reduce the risk of gaps forming in preparation for inspections as well as performing tasks consistency at WP. this improvement will also allow areas to be more inspection ready.
Change is good but all the change that has been imparted on the ExN quality organization with moving job roles and responsibilities around, updating every SOP that we need to do our jobs, implementing new technology and the Organon standup/cross-training all at the same time, is taking its toll on every individual and team that I have been working with.  This in light of what is going on in the world with COVID, politics and social injustice, and juggling family obligations, it is making it hard to stay focused and be positive about our jobs.  Not too many people I am in contact with are very happy.  People are being expected to perform and be proficient with multiple job functions without errors that at other companies in our industry have separate groups or people performing, not just one person.  People seem to be making alot more errors or rush decisions due to all the changes happening at once and not being adequately trained.
As a new member in the company, I really feel I am lucky that I work here. The only thing that can be better is for new hires, in first 2-3 months we are so busy with different trainings which in many cases some of them are not rally needed for all rolls but in the same time I feel there is no real good training to handle main tasks. Merck is assign one of the team member as  training buddy but in reality there is no clear path or plan.
Continue taking care of people, your employees, constant focus on safety, and always maintain with the excellent quality of products.
Democratize learning and professional development resources. The incentive structure (stock options, access to training/coaching/leadership programs, etc) incentivizes withholding behavior and perpetuates a culture that is not collaborative. The outcome: People want to "advance" for the wrong reasons.
Ensure full equality between different nationalities , understanding  of work life balance concept and reduce high foucs on just cutting expenses and move with a growth mindset where employees feel more empowered
Merck should continue to build internationally and find ways to build bridges between colleagues working in different countries.
Transparency, encourage people and their  ideas.  Focus on people and the numbers will come, focus on numbers and the people will leave
Communicate the company path after Organon spin off. Several products leave and our scope of work will change. It would be great to have clear visibility about product pipeline, next acquisitions or collaborations, etc
Keep supporting their employees ands communicate openly and transparently.
Continue engage with the employees with the changes and updates.
Be open to a future of full time or hybrid remote work
To make balance between beast place to work and income budget of employees
Improve training and learning resources for team
Continue to support having Diversity & Inclusion be a part of the permanent fabric of our company.
roll out Product Model training to all of our business areas so they will understand the mindset shift that IT is undergoing
Merck has always been about patients first and that goal has never wavered. How fortunate we are to work for a company that is so dedicated to the protection and safety of its employees while balancing the need to be present and accessible for our customers. This has been a crazy year - I never once felt that Merck wasn’t supporting me every step of the way.
- Focus on people, continue to support talent development & build strong senior leadership pipeline  - Promote learning agility & embed experiment to win culture  - Continue to align people on our purpose and mission
More capital spending for support groups such as BTS
Increase recruitment from outside of the industry, particularly in areas like Data and Analytics and Digital Transformation where many other industries have progressed these information sciences well beyond where the pharmaceutical industry has taken them.
Merck need to develop diverse environment to each level of role
Offer a sabbatical to reward loyalty.
More alignment between Global/Region/Countries to have the balance between meetings and other activities that can add more value to our strategies
I have two recommendations: Having all leaders trained on D&I in a live setting vs a mylearning. I have been in meetings with leadership who haven't acknowledge what I've said and a male colleague of mine repeated what I said and that's when it was heard.   Having developmental training available for all employees i.e. "learning to have tough conversations" or "budgeting", whatever it may be.
Merck IS a great place to work.  I am honored to be an employee and a part of this amazing organization.  Merck continues to keep its employees informed as to what is going how, how the company is handling the pandemic, and that its focus is on its employees and patients.  Thank you, Merck, for being so caring and concerned about our well being.
Continue to create a diverse workforce particularly at the Elkton site. Promote more women and minorities to leadership positions.
More visibility into the challenges/opportunities and long term plans for the company Increase diversity to have more voices and view points Increase employee benefits: it's not just about pay, but other types of benefits such as different types of insurance (high, med, low deductible options), HSA/HRA options in addition to FSA, increase paid family leave time, increase support for child/family care support
Continue to check in on new employees, even if they have been with the for over year. Especially with the pandemic, inexperienced employees feel a bit disconnect from what is going in other divisions.
Provide more training for people managers. They must lead by examples.
continue encouraging and empowering
More emphasis on career advancement and promotions
Work-life balance is not only something to be encouraged from a management perspective; it should also be governed upon. As the workload keeps increasing the message form my management to consider my work-life balance does not help me a whole lot; however actively refusing tasks or increasing my resources would.
I had support to make improvements at the company, and people enjoyed that work. Lately I am not getting the same support, guidance, or feedback (unless it is super late feedback that usually is a result of misunderstanding the program). I am still going to be here though and encourage programs that make people work better.
Adopt a more flexible work from home or fully remote workplace policy.  This past year has shown that for most people it works.
In setting priorities, it would be interesting to see bottom up feedback of "what i need to do my job better".  Are divisional/corporate priorities and initiatives aligned with what the working level reports as  "needs improvement"?
Continue to allow HQ employees to work remotely
Keep up the great work!
Actively listen to employees
Find a way to anonymize the early stages of resume review so that candidate names are not revealed initially.  I think this would funnel more diversity into our pools of people for phone screening and later interview phase.  We must also support diversity in the interns and postdoc programs.
Continue to offer excellent support services for Work/Life balance issues.
Get closer to patient perspectives around the world, particularly on the Emerging Markets region, where most of the persons don't have access to our medicines / treatment.
No additional comments - The company is a great place to work.
Continue to show leadership externally in terms of being a voice against social and political injustice, stay focused internally on the mission to save and improve lives, ensure we continue to support employee life/work flexibility and ensure people are focused on the right work that is a priority for the business with smaller, more agile teams
Allow full time work from home after the pandemic (except for occasional in person office meetings, etc) I get more done and have better quality of life when I don't have to drive an hour to and from work just to sit at my desk on a conference call anyway.
Truly be open to other ideas and feedback even if it doesn't align with the leadership's vision. There appears to be a bit of a "yes [wo]/man" culture up top and it is very discouraging. There is plenty of talking the talk but behind the scenes it seems there are actually repercussions for some who speak up with the way they see our team's priorities for example. On a colleague level, it seems this is also discouraging many to speak up with candid feedback, too. It is hard to improve when there is no collective constructive feedback
1. Consider to provide time recognition awards not only money awards 2. Consider not to start F2F meetings until all employees involved on a potencial meeting get vaccinated 3. Consider to engage new CEO and MRL President  with the regions /countries and launch some conversation cafe meetings to know more about them and them to know more about different regions/countries/Funtional Areas 4.  Consider to allow LTI  handled through S&M to be paid on our payroll disccounting of course taxes 5. Provide to those employees working from home and with a salary less than XXX an internet  subsidy
I have found it difficult at times for me / team to be able to move to other positions.  I do believe that top talent should have opportunities, but it sometimes leaves people wondering how the rest of the talent can move.
Flexible work arrangements when it's time to go back to the office.
Close MSD contribution to people around the world. Humanize the Masterbrand MSD inventing for life externally and internally. Reinforce our pipeline and portfolio to strongly compete in the market. Balance resources at work to achieve real balance in your personal life. It does not happen.
establish a fair, simple approach in developing a hybrid working environment, providing the technology to allow employees the flexibility to work from home and office.
Simplify processes.
Listen to field suggestions and stay tuned in with what our competitors are doing to provide a great company culture.
I would hope that merck has gone beyond the old ways of pigeonholing good employees so they stay stuck in the same position for years just because they are so good at it. They need to be encouraged to learn and grow. They may be hard to replace where they are now but, they will also be hard to replace if they move up.
Ensure we are doing a good job in terms of equity and inclusion Provide oportunities to all employees
While being an employee at Merck i have heard the phrase 'you do not know how things work here' spoken seriously and as a jest. While there is a feeling of inclusion on a personal level with other employees, when it comes to work related communication and relationships, people with different backgrounds, or simply people who have not been with Merck for the majority of their career, are viewed differently and some times even treated differently. The aforementioned phrase should not be spoken either in jest or seriously and i sincerely hope that steps will be taken to help employees change this view of their workplace.
#1. Listen to our customers!  Begin building market and promotional strategies from the outside in - Increase flexibilty #2Stop Trying to mitigate broad activity risk and increase personal accountability for doing business the right way in the spirit of our values and standards #2 Allow more opportunity to see accounts and customers in person.
Medical Affairs should continue to assert a leadership role.  Although I think progress has been made in this area, too much of the company sees it as a "support function", rather than a core function as critical for achieving the company's mission as the commercial part of the company.
Empowering people
value the people already here- upskilling, comp reviews to ensure market competitiveness
Be the leader of Diversity & Inclusion, by addressing the imbalances in underrepresented employees throughout the leadership ranks, openly address the gender gap in pay, and ways of including diverse ways of working too.  Plus hold managers accountable for D&I and the integration of it to their respective teams.
Find out a way to balance professional and personal life in this digital era
Continue to support with resources for our customers and invest in innovative approaches and products to support patients.
Continue current level of communications and updates on all key areas Help employees understand the pros and cons of the various COVID vaccinations available in the market
Step ahead to use state of the art tools for clinical trials and try to become pioneers in innovation. Find ways to keep experienced/trained talent and be ahead of the competition with CROs and other pharmaceuticals.
Integrating new entities into our financial processes and systems is not done efficiently. We need more resources on this task because it is causing a strain on our normal, critical activities. We need better knowledge transfer from seasoned Merck Finance Leadership personnel to new employees and the always new TRAIN finance leads. While a process has been developed and continues to be refined, there is a lack of consistent execution. The Integration leads do not give us enough support and the Business Development personnel do not help in the integration process. Everything is a churn because half the people on the TRAIN do not know what they are doing and lots of time is wasted. It's difficult to believe such a great Company like Merck is just so awful at this process.
Enhanced leadership and Diversity/Inclusion training
To continue to offer flexibility (freedom) to work from home post pandemic for ALL office positions. And be clear on expectations on when to come to the office. To continue to encourage employees to speak their minds and share their ideas. To continue to share long term business goals to inspire us in this competitive landscape (of Oncology).
To include resources and plan with consideration of long term effects for implementation of new product introduction and other quality system program. Short term success may not equate to longer term sustainability.
Enable teams to be accountable and to drive forward results and change. Create true opportunity for employees in all functions not just the major divisions.
Focus on unity on a global scale and not politics.  People in this company have different views and opinions and that should be accepted as long as it is not divisive.
Samples JJ   F2F LUPs and events
Remain focused on how we are "Inventing for Life." Internal company messaging from Sr Leaders should be reserved to communicate what we are doing to advance our pipeline, our technology, and our people. Please slow down the news briefings that our Leaders are aware of the politics and social injustices. The social and political pressures are felt enough outside of work. So please stop reminding us what is happening socially in the world. We know. Instead, remind us how we are tactically or strategically saving and improving lives. That keeps us excited!
Pay more attention to the protection of employees rights and interests,so that employees have a strong backing to do the support
Improving the KPIs system to be arranged according to each country’s circumstances ( digitally , safety and social activities )
Upper management should refrain from political bias and conscious bias. There is no place for political opinion in our place of employment.
We can't just focus on diversity & we can't just focus on millenials;  we should be growing everyone as each of us has a different personal situation.  Some want to retire earlier than others;  some want to work for a longer amount of time while others need to work a longer amount of time.  Let's grow everyone!
invest in production workers. continue to modernize train people on new technology from ground up
Listen to the employee more and provide more opportunities to move up.
Management should listen more to the employees doing the job. All feedback given by employees is usually ignored and it is extremely frustrating and it makes employees not want to speak their mind at all. Employees are more productive when they actually feel included and not just told they are included.
Preserve the flexibility of working during COVID-19
motivate the employees even if we are virtually working.
Simplify SOPs and approval process of most of tasks and consider workload of implementation of different projects of requested by different departments in local country level.
Less walk on the left walk on the right ! covid has been an excuse to go over the top re small controls that are irritating.to people personally. its not life and death but is irritating and grates when it does not need to.
Should continue to push itself with new technology and processes.
Simplification and driving a spirit of individual accountability
Inter-personal skills must be improved; salary bench mark based on titles is not sufficient, must be based on scope of works.
Take care of employees
Action more quickly on the launch of new product and new indication.
In our division - Oncology - the sheer volume of work is overwhelming. I don't feel we have sufficient staff to do our work to a high quality. We have little time to plan and are constantly fire-fighting. We need more staff or there needs to be more prioritisation of which indications we will really focus on. To be able to tackle the volume of work and to do it to a high standard I often work evenings and weekends, which is stressful. This has been the case for the last three years.
Upcoming new generation drugs or molecule
Ensure the opportunities go for the right candidates
As company's one of the objective of D&I, it would be encouraged that leadership positions are also given to women as currently in my department all the leadership level (AD's and D) are occupied by men. Also leadership positions should be from diverse organizational history rather from same/single organization while hiring from outside Department hierarchy needs to be evaluated if each role is needed otherwise it just leads to additional communication channel which delays deliverables (e.g. it is still unclear in my department need of AD role). To resolve this, it is critical to have very firm roles and responsibilities defined, further should be evaluated whether its followed.   During hiring process- for leadership role, past people management experience should be made mandate, if positions are filled from outside. As of now, in my department, many first time managers are hired while setting-up team and they are leading the team that comprises of richly experienced people managers.
Rights of employees
Simplify things and remove barriers. Act as enterprice instead all different functions. Eg hamonize at country level again instead all fractioned support fuctions. Move procurement and facilities under finance again at country level same merge Medical, RA and PV again at country level.
Christmas Hampers. very disappointed we did not receive one after the hard work people put in during 2020.   Also, more social days were we get to mix with MK. The football tournament was great for this, we need to bring something back similar (MSD Sports day perhaps)
Add resources Increase compensation Attract talents
In Egypt , New drug launches
Allow people the right to speak up. Listen to peoples opinions and act upon them. Reduce the workload on individuals by having the correct levels of resources. Stop contacting people or their personal time and on their personal phones. Respect shift workers rights to time off to recover from the exertions of shift work. Remove the expectation for colleagues to attend training sessions/meetings on their time off. Introduce team building workshops, exercises and other benefits to promote well being.
Get out of our own way. We are stuck on processes and ways of working that prevent Merck from being competitive. Challenge ways of working that don't meet today's needs.
Caring about MSD employees infected by COVID virus causing death of members of his family
Work to find strong, diverse candidate slates. Hire the best person for each senior level job.  Don't fill slots just to improve diversity numbers.  Don't overlook the talent at Merck.  There is strong talent (with successful track records) who desire to hold responsibilities at the next level.  Help them to understand what they need to do (or change) to be leading candidates for the next opportunities.
Salary and wellbeing of employees specially IN countries suffers inflation .
Work Life Balance continues to be a a concern.
flexible working arrangement, competitive C&B,  people development
Strive to be most admired company to work for by its people.
Simplify and Standardize our processes and remove non value add activities and bureaucracy. Then ruthless prioritization based on business needs, driven from the top - focus on what's important and deliver based on available resources
Build and persuade development program for top talent employees  Build a speak up safe zone
Continue to maintain a positive and friendly working atmosphere
From the USW perspective, Allow the shop floor to run the business. It seems management has way too much input on how things should be. When things need repair, especially on off shift ,it takes too long for a response to occur.
Continue to promote a safe space to share new ideas and keep progressing with the new ways of working even after we no longer have a tracker.
Continue to invest in new talent and focus on offering the support needed for individuals to develop.
Launch new products related to COVID-19 to help society & for better tomorrow.
More opportunities for carrier pathway
doing a great job so far
The company should continue the efforts on diversity and inclusion. There still is unconscious bias and these efforts may eventually bring a chance. More diverse teams will lead to even greater output. Also efforts on Ways of Working should continue: there are still people who do not embrace the culture of sharing information and helping each other. Also silos in the company can prevent our effectiveness. Both the D&I and WoW are very positive programs which can make our company even more fun to work in and also increase effectiveness of our work.
Take unnecessary work out of the system so that people can enjoy a better work/life balance while still creating key analyses that will allow our senior leaders to make informed decisions.
We need to do a better job with work life balance.  We are adding a tremendous amount of work to the system (NewCo, Fortify, 2021 target realization, COVID response) and have not been willing to take anything out.  We have been doing our best to prioritize and add systems and tools to increase efficiency, but really challenging to find the head space to accomplish.  Makes our work less rewarding when we are constantly just trying to keep our heads above water.  Miss the days when we had some discretionary time to advance capabilities and drive value for Merck.
The company must increase its payment to the employees because MSD is the least payment in our country and the salary doesn’t match the price fluctuation
Continue to check in with employees and ensure that the work we are asked to do is beneficial
Ensure that they explore flexible working. For instance part time contracts and not just on a rolling quarterly review basis. We have a culture of all field based members being full time and part time work is actively discouraged by senior leadership.  There should be the flexibility for part time positions in the field in animal health, as there are in human health.  This should not be seen as abnormal. Other market leading animal health companies embrace it and I feel that there is discrimination against the availability of part time roles for field based staff. Now that there is the option to opt out of the car policy there is the option to pro rata payments so the excuse of high overheads for field staff shouldn't be an issue.
Reduce the  paper work and  procrastination for some non MMD processes - keep it simple. The greatest need is to lean out some of the middle management to ensure decisions can be made quickly and timely, as required.
Allow people, who have recently accepted new positions, to fully transition work, so they can be effective and engaged in their new role.  Effective dates in new roles are too soon, when there is no one to cover the work in your previous role, so individuals are now doing 2/3 jobs instead of trying to be an active member of their new team.
We have no plan within my department and are constantly fire fighting .Our managers are more concerned with metrics rather than quality of work and provide no leadership. Our recruit policy adds to this problem due to the recruitment of very inexperienced temporary employees as no experienced workers will apply for temporary positions,  which put extra pressure on more experienced staff. We need a shake up of our management structure with new managers/Director who listen to those who report to them and implement suggestions which will have a positive impact on our day to day activities.
more prioritize the work and well utilize the human resource for the most prioritized work, otherwise, the work - life- balance can not be achieved
Be faster and more agile
Continue to find ways to help employees manage workload across all levels of the organization in order to balance work/life integration.  Ensure all leaders walk the talk of diversity and inclusion.  Maintain focus on key priorities and be consistent throughout the year.  Open spaces throughout the week to take time off from back to back meetings.  Agendas are full packed and people need time to connect in different ways and create creative spaces for learning and sharing while working intensely.  Manage the organizational agenda so that employees can find time to contribute and participate in mentoring programs, EBRGS and other developmental program that are critical for our learning organization.   We continue to talk about agility and experimentation but not enough change is occurring in policies and processes to enable the changes proposed through experimentation.
Keep demonstrating that you value employees with the wide range of benefits you offer.  Keep prioritizing products that make the largest impact on public health.
Merck's leadership had taken a bold step to align their values with the aspirations of the younger generation.  These are progressive and the leadership has taken concrete steps to make them a reality.  I would like Merck to invest more in global health and striking more collaborations with academic institutions and invest in attracting top academicians into the company.  I am not sure sure what needs to be done to make that happen; maybe the publication strategy, creating an environment where they will have an confidence that they can continue to have some of that freedom?  Maybe more additional investment into understanding fundamental biology, agnostic of immediate applications in any specific disease area?
Have a seat at the table with Compliance. If our direction to Compliance is “never put us at risk” mission accomplished. If our vision is best in class by 2025, we need to partner with Compliance. How do we deliver an exceptional customer and patient experience while managing risk? Why are other pharma companies valued over Merck and why are they willing to accept a certain risk level when we’re not?
Talk to the people that work for you that have the knowledge or it directly affects them before decisions are made.
Reinforce more personal vs professional work balance and give the option for remote work
There is no operational governance and we have no enterprise data management plan. We lack an enterprise operating model. There is no MRL business operations group that optimizes our processes and digital landscape across the organization.
Friendly international relations
to simplify procedure
Enhance the pay for the employee
Accelerate the development of new products and maintain competitiveness in the field.
Plan for longer future for both company and colleagues
A more flexible working style.
Respect the different work rhythms of different individuals，reduce unnecessary unexpected tasks
Perfect
1. While in the midst of working on process  standardisation, to consider as well the resources that would be require for the interim solution. 2. To centralised all the work in BSC, and agree on the BPO support globally irregardless of country/local language. 3. To continue to pursue for activity based rather than supporting by country.
In Synthesis production plant, more automate instruments and modifications along production lines to be improve.
My only suggestion is to develop more the programs that help employees to achieve work-life balance and manage stress better in the pandemic situation (e.g. working from home).
To see every employee and his/her potential to develop on the company
Must pay fair value to employees comparing with equal companies considering economic conditions. Must be fair in the appointments and career opportunities.
Determine what the MSD mission actually is, and determine what is required to get there. Then resource it. Do not commit to further goals without considering if progress has been made on current goals.   From my perspective, overwork, overwhelm, stress, lack of resourcing, not addressing issues and the inability to achieve goals are having a significant negative impact on the site.  Do not forget the core business and assess the impact of changes on the core business before committing to changes.
Be on the forefront of protecting against Covid and future varients, not being behind the guidelines....should be leading to protect workers.
larger working space
Streamline and prioritize
Lower burocracy like progress. Improve logistics. Set back the national centers for organising: finance, marketing etc.
The work space is too close to each other and has many distractions when other people walk around, talk or have phone calls, make me feel interupted and has less privacy. Should we consider more improvement to increase the working area or meeting rooms?
There are a lot of new IT solutions introduced to our routine works, many of them are from QSIP project. Many of the IT solutions are specifically designed, but these IT solutions is not actually designed any better than previous one. There is a lot of BUGs found in use, they did not achieve the function they promised in design, and the system design is not quite reasonable. To be honest, the current system MSD is use, like SAP and Trackwise, are widely used and recognized in pharmaceutical industry. It's more like they are not configured well and not utilized well. It will be very defficult to develop a total new IT solution to replace these mature ones in a short time. Besides the maintainance of current IT solution is not good, we have see more and more bugs after some system updates. And sometimes when we escalate these event, the support center just say it's not related to this update. We are talking a lot about Digital, but we are not doing good in it.
To be realistic
Align in terms of compensation & benefits with other major pharma companies
Consider workload and be further open to support employees in balancing the work & life
Merck could pace up a little bit in not only digitization but also personal development.
Allow flexible working -hours, allow more flexibility on full-time/part-time working schemes, appreciate seniority
Create additional promotion pathways. Many roles of CSSM are not available ex-US which limits the promotion possibilities in other countries
Loosen up the restrictions in regards to regulatory documents and compliance, sometimes this could sabotage the business. Open up more.  Improve the company visibility locally with more alliances with health authorities and HCPs, more compaigns, better presence in the market and presence on social media.  Loosen up the processes, optimize the systems: it would be much better to have the minimum amount of systems by using them in a smart way, we have some systems that are not efficient yet time consuming, why not costumize a system that would merge RADR and Orion for example in a form of repository ?
I think we are counting on people, we have great diversity, I think we should become No 1 in few years! I would encourage to invest in people as we are doing right now and develop them for further functionally in the company.
Invest in digital solution that allows us to engage and connect with our customers easily and when ever, and in multiple channels. It will help us to make more data driven decision but also give better premises for the employees to success in their job. In other words, we need to advance our digital maturity significantly in order to be great place to work and deliver on our mission.
Treat their employees better and not just the select few
To enhance localizaion when doing business out of U.S., to understand and respect more on local culture. To move the barriers which slow down daily works and to reduce the frustrate feeling when employees are facing more and more complicated internal process
Have an open-minded. Accept different needs among team. Not putting unreasonable pressure to frontline/ operations employees or team members.
in my opinion, employees should be appreciated more for the amount of work they do
diversity and allowing more opportunity for mobility
Provide tools to help manage working hours in new virtual world. My perception is an increase in meetings outside of standard office hours and certain colleagues working excessive hours. Working across time zones sticking to standard hours is not feasible, however lack of f2f meetings has seen exponential rise in online meetings.
listen to the employee opinion allow new position in case of work loud and the amount of work per employee. more custom made trainings (not all training are relevant and very time consuming).
Digital - a lot of tools, but still a long way to go from a cultural perspective; People - strong pressure to reduce teams coming out of the spin off and digital trends. Senior Mgmt needs to understand up to which point it makes sense to outsource/replace people for automation.
really focus on employee's well being, not only promoting, but make it happen
Stable management team
Keep changing in the way of working and start with all the layers of management. It's difficult to fortify the future as a people manager (M1) with this new way of working when it's not supported fully by higher management. Cultural changes take time....
Develop Career ladder for different business functions.  Facilitate approval process logistics when conducting activities by integrating systems and reduce approval steps  Improve the onboarding for newcomers by getting them more aware of different departments and have a schedule of trainings on all systems they will use in their work.  Improve incentive , pension plan and Car budget.
Provide resources to encourage a healthy work life balance.
most important - to reload biurocracy! count how many systems some rolls are required to know and update, how many SOPs we need to read and know - it is not reasonable. second - do we want to be a company that supports balance or to we value results most of anything? please choose a path and declare it clearly, leaving us to decide whether it is suitable for us to work like that. right now we are in the middle, where the "balance" is not felt in our daily work life.
- Innovate more - Reconsider office arrangement specially for AH.  - Better equipment and tools
more diversity
Increase salary and benefits
After COVID-19 outbreak/period, Merck/MSD needs to reschedule face 2 face global/regional cross functional meetings, to reinforce our strong cross country/regional/global collaboration. Besides our mission and great products,   the people that work at MSD/ MERCK are the most important to me.
Do a great job in comparison to other companies
Patients health, invention to new remedies and vaccination
Have the managers really know and understand what their subordinates deal with on a daily basis.
Rethink about the negative impact of multi-tasks and functions that employees  are suffer from it. Rethink about salaries specially in countries outside Europe and USA.
Keep hiring great team
Following the spinoff, take steps to ensure that all divisions are aligned on the Purpose, Mission and Vision of the new Merck/MSD.  There is still so much opportunity to drive effectiveness and efficiency in the way we execute our work...encourage leaders to embrace change, experiment with new ideas/technology and play an active role in coaching the future leaders of our company.
Promote diversity and inclusion at the top management and executive positions of the company.  Continue to drive innovation in vaccine research and development.  Deliver on significant health treatments for patients with chronic health conditions.
clear target
increase the salary and benefit
I am proud of the leadership shown by Merck and MSD in the areas of healthcare and the many societal challenges across the world.  Our efforts to visibly sustain this leadership through investment in science leading to new medicines, social programs surrounding human health and advocating for individual rights is of paramount importance.
Working from home results in being connected 24/7, no break or pause
Be more aware of the workload and time required of employees to successfully complete their assigned tasks.
Stop to make a new and new projects, activities, new ideas not finishing in full shape and implementation those which are run eg. now. Be more focused on customers than on internal projects. Think more long term and build up stronger basement not being involved in many projects touching "surface" only. Invest more externally then internally
Improving total package
Continue to eliminate non-value added work.
Do not get entangled in politics, focus on the medicine.
Continue to be a safe and secure workplace. We need to trust that we can keep our jobs in this time.
Continue giving the opportunity of growth to its employees based on individualized development plans.
Invest in pipeline as well as its people.
not only patient first but also employee first
Actively provide human resource support for tasks other than hiring process. If there are any resources to support every day employees they are invisible. As a result there is a lack of attention to good HR practices, group dynamics and support for remediation of issues. There needs to be viable middle ground options to help employees with issues that they might not feel warrant the office of ethics but are still of concern.
Always innovating to match the actual conditions & Create a good working environment are steps should Merck & MSD take to further make the company a great place to work and deliver on our mission
make a better D&I job with Latinos; provide better support for development to non US people; when a job position is opened, look into the best candidates and not only into the person pre-selected for the position
Continue build agile and new way of working., build the best people with more external education program (MBA) Motivate employee with more allowance  & awards
Focus on new launches
Integrate across AH and HH, we can learn from each other.
Ensure that all employees have equal opportunities for development and advancement.
New products, to maintain the freedom to speak up for the employees.
work life balance
Further digitization of data, and expand capability of data mining and analyses in every aspect in the company to:  increase quality and efficiency of data interpretation. I think that there are rooms for improvements in the use of  historical reports/data/experiences. Make these information available in instant manner would increase efficiency and consistency of our daily operations/judgements.
Take care of His employes ,show care with small things, not just words
Do specialized sales training to improve skills in the field of communication and sales
More fast and more suport with vaccination equipment in poultry division. Equalization of vaccine prices between European countries in Poultry , becouse our farmers buy vaccines from another contries.
I have been extremely happy with Merck.  The highly skilled workforce and healthy environment has made me want to work at Merck for the rest of my career.  The leadership at Merck has been the best I have experienced in my 15 year work history, with a recent promotion, my new manager exceeds expectations and I look forward to what the future will bring.  My current struggles unfortunately revolve around a negative and demeaning coworker that consumes time and energy, and adds unnecessary stress.
Need to hire more people
Continue focusing on automation - setting up SAP to automate goods issue and goods receipt.  Investing in the time to automate standard day to day functions will be key enablers for the future and assist with minimizing human error data entries as one example, in addition to providing production to focus on following the necessary steps to produce the product.  In addition, it will enable the teams to continue to improve upon the Ways of Working and share the success.
revise the assessment of human resources to make balance between work and family really
Consider temporary job placement roles to enhance and enlighten employees appreciation and understanding of different departments roles and responsibilities.  For example, take a Global Engineering Solutions employee and have them work in a manufacturing environment for a month or two so that they better understand what is critical for "make-test & release".  Acquiring such knowledge will benefit them and GES in the future design of our manufacturing processes.
Have enough MPS trainers to actually offer trainings to all employees and ensure the MPS trainers follow through with the newly trained employees to ensure they are actively using what they learned
Continue to support employees with work life/balance, flexibility, strong employee benefits. continue to grow diversity within the company throughout the levels of leadership.
I feel that Merck does a really good job making it a great place to work.  I am very appreciative  of all the communication and resources we receive.
Execute the True practice of equal opportunity
Focus on ensuring team members have appropriate resources to get work done effectively; work life balance is more challenging than ever since the lines between work life and home life are blurred
MSD is a fantastic company to work for, our commitment to our inspiring mission and purpose, our culture and our people are unique and a source of true value to our customers and society and an advantage to other pharma. We do need to continue to embrace new ways of working as catalyst of transformation. In the future, we have a tremendous opportunity to diversify our pipeline beyond oncology. At the same time we can simplify the way we operate and make decisions, while supporting a more agile culture based on empowering employees. This way also we will become a more modern company attractive to new generations, relevant to new and existing customers, the leader in the biopharmaceutical that we have always been!
Listen to people and promote within Merck.  We have much talented within Merck (Union people included) and to look outside doesn't give the employees at Merck a fair chance to advance.  Most job descriptions are out of reach for some Merck employees, however given the chance and proper training she/he could be a success story.
Hire additional employees to support the immense amount of work the team is asked to deliver year round.
adapt resources to company grouth
Improved software systems use to reduce  paperwork and efficient processes ( Work Orders education). Further  focus on team members  development to accommodate further progression within the company. No time for team building  learning more about  colleagues and  their interests, just a focus on targets and time lines.
Support true diversity not politically correct diversity
Continue integration of teams across departments and divisions to rapidly advance our priority programs, thereby creating boundaryless opportunities and accelerated growth opportunities for talented colleagues.  Continue to ensure on-going Hoshin initiatives are well visible across divisions and not just localized to a department or functional area.
More in job assignments
Workload on individual should be reduced to improve quality
Continue to support flexible work arrangements
The world has changed in the last 1.5 yrs and ways of working have evolved and the outcome of that evolution is going to read out over the next few years (health, culture). While we wait for that read, the company needs to have empathy and place the employees unequivocally above the profits/ portfolio. While that may challenge the short term goals, it will definitely create a winning culture, breed trust and loyalty of the workforce, keep them healthy and provide greater return on investment in the long term.
Merck says the right things but what is being done about helping & supporting their employees working from home & mental health? Employees are being incredibly flexible & accommodating in regard to the work load but what are departments/groups doing to help employees juggle their mental health & increasing work load? There have been statements acknowledging racial/social injustices but what has the company done to make current employees feel comfortable to speak up? Last year, after the death of George Floyd the company said it will be focusing on the minorities that need to be heard ( Latinx & the black communities), & recently due to crimes against Asians there was a note of support to that community, but we as a community & company should not need crimes against a specific community to occur in order to highlight historical issues, the painful issues are acknowledged & that's it.  The overall culture does not feel like it encourages growth or mental well being.
I have none because from my many years at Merck, I have always received a nurturing environment with the multiple managers i have had and very high caliber colleagues and co-workers.  i really have no complaints.  If you show a willingness to work hard and be "value add", you will be rewarded.
We seem to continuously be trying to do more with less people resource. Shared services are great, but they often end up putting more responsibility on the manager without a local support person. As we have integrated Allflex with MSD, I hope we increase our resource, rather than cutting it back
Simplify processes , identifying that simpler processes can be applied to low risk projects  provide more operational resources to manage the processes  adapt the annual planning process  for marketing/commercial to encourage investment in longer term strategic initiatives - the focus and and financial aspects of this overly focus on the next 12 months.
Improve the work-life balance culture.
Talk to the shop floor people more.
1) Put in place HR support to deal with the workplace issues, right now HR is only administrative and problems go to Ethics. 2) Roles should be filled by qualified individuals who truly meet the requirements in the job description, rather than hiring family and friends.  In my situation both above relate and this suppresses the ability to be truly productive and deliver.
Integrate the divisions. Much of the cross divisional processes are poorly managed due to the silo leadership and lack of alignment.
Be transparent , apply D& I in all its aspects not just through the current EBRGs but true D&I where everyone is included  . Develop & retain talented individuals and offer positions and assignments for growth
This is the first time I have ever been made to feel like an object rather than a person at MSD.  The retraction of the sales incentives at the end of 2020 after such a difficult year did not encompass the MSD that I was once very proud to be a part of.  I no longer feel like a valued part of team.
I feel they are doing every thing they can at this point in time. As long as we don't get complacent about the big picture we will be fine.
Continue efforts to simplify the way we work. Our processes and systems are too complex and this means we are not as efficient as we could be.
Merck should continue to be open and transparent with employees about emerging issues. Continue to listen and act, where possible on employee's suggestions, and not just check the box that you have listened. Continue to recognize that we cannot escape the realities of the world and politics. As a Black woman, I have been comforted and relieved by the messages to employees and the powerful and supportive stance Ken Frazier has taken on racial injustice.  I have always been proud to work for Merck but now I am grateful that this is where I work.
Continue to focus on the patient first
Management team to facilitate periodic conversation with even smaller groups in terms of campany's most important objectives driving cultulal behaviors.
More communincations between employees especially about the vision of the company
More work forces
Embrace the flexible ways of working. We have proven that it works. Allow individuals to chose where they want to work... if it continues to work then great, if not, then get the manager involved.  Surely we are past having a blanket rule for everyone now?
Empowerment文化の醸成
For smooth and timely implication of daily job, process required at Merck/MSD is very much complicated. This hampers employees focus on bona fide tasks but overwhelmed with runnning process and seeking approval. This is a major problem which needs immediate resolution to make Merck/MSD better place to work with less stress.
Ensure managers are held accountable for their actions (or inaction) as an effective (or ineffective) leader. Each manager has a direct effect on the opportunities each employee experiences, whether they feel valued and whether their work performance is viewed through an appropriate lens. For some managers, their lack of leadership skills are overlooked as it is assumed they are an excellent individual contributor. Create a transparent promotional pathway, ensuring that the embodiment of Merck Leadership behaviors and Ways of Working are requisites for promotion.
Remove the barriers between functions and departments, barriers between headquarter and other regions.
Keep the option of working from home/ office flexible for the employees.  It is very important for the motivation and the productivity and the wellbeing of the employees. It reduces lots of stress and anxiety.
Embody customer needs and improve employee engagement
Leaders need to be firm in their decision making and be knowledgeable in some of the operation task.
Commitment to employee development
Pull down roadblocks, and create standard decision making tools. This could assist in speedy decision making and progress. Increase support/ (or make visible the support) from supporting departments to ensure continual supply of product. This would include thorough review of who (which dept) should appropriately manage tasks. It can feel like the requirement to manage/drive tasks often falls back to one or two departments (the end user) whilst others only see their role is to assist only, not manage and drive.
continue to be active with patient groups. We are there to help patients.  Continue to run patient programs or make them more easily available
just be better in policy
I personally enjoy working in MSD, it is a fast and dynamic environment with teams & people who are always ready for challenges.  In some cases meeting happens during the official break like lunch or dinner, it would be great to ensure a safe break time to get time so everyone would work at their full potential
More development options for those in bands 500 and 600. Some divisions do rotational roles across different depts. well but others not at all
Continue to be compliant but reduce unnecessary or duplicate steps in approvals. We have seen many MNCs still in compliance but the steps required for an internal approval is a lot less.
embrace digital & data to help business but not obsessed with digital and data that brings irrelevant value to customer and business.
since the covid pandemic , company should support some incentives for WFH ( exp = internet expenses)
Continue the flexibility Allow more automation of processes Challenge global procedures and policies that do not fit in our ANZ market
more engaging employee activities; more dynamic working environment; more flexible working hours/ways
MSD is a company that has been constantly downsizing. It's hard to feel positive about the workplace when less and less headcount is recorded. Comparing to other pharmaceutical companies, there's a very low growth potential. This impacts career progression and morale. There needs to be greater focus on getting products to market and growing the business.
Streamline processes, align activities, improve IT infrastructure to streamline transactions, strengthen support functions to ensure appropriate level of support (reduce gaps and dilution of focus on pipeline/priorities by ensuring appropriate level of support with clear responsibilities and accountability to ensure seamless/proactive support by GWES, GSE, IT, Finance).
Improve more the employees' benefits.   HR to create  more interaction with employees particularly in this time of pandemic. Organize virtual lunch and learn or series of relevant topic for discussion to help and guide employees'  improve their personal and professional growth.
be more innovative, more work -life balance
consider more resources to add to the team to lighten the workload
listen to employees feedback and to take actions on the feedbacks
Focus more on employees well-being and reduction of stress. Also keep working on ensuring real inclusiveness across all countries with acceptance of ideas and thoughts from diverse members and continuous learning and applying of lessons learned. Explore ways to work closer between markets and global teams.
Flexible and benefits
inspire with fairness
Ensure equity between merck and our competitors is on par to keep and retain talent. add LTI to all P4 employees, not just 50%. i received a lot more equity at my last company and stayed there for >10years mostly due to that and the culture. merck has the great culture just needs to keep up with competitive threats from enticing employees to leave for the $. with the long training curve in my dept it doesn't make sense to train and lose employees. Also need to expand the amount of P5 positions as well.
Understand each of the market, and specifically design approaches based on country/areas.
hope to introduce more new product into HEDA
Nothing
Continue to promote work life balance and manager to fully support flexi working hours and work remotely so long the employee is result driven and constantly deliver to meet expectation.
simplicity of MSD systems
Building cohesiveness and trust among colleagues
Ensure we have an appropriate number of staff to do the tasks we need to do.  Many departments are understaffed and resourcing is difficult to obtain for projects
Diversity and Inclusion
Resources and Awards
Further breakdown silos
Giving a work life balance culture. High volume of workloads only lead to quantity but not quality
Being able to support and grow talent within the company.
Keeping a competitive edge ahead of other companies in terms of developing innovative products.   Merck should become a company that can make the right choice at the right timing, not to take too much time with internal governance. I feel that regardless of the experience and resource Merck had with vaccine development, we had fallen behind our competitors in developing COVID-19 vaccines.
Leaders cant be leading if their directs do not walk the talk and do not execute the plan to its intentions
Give a space to grow those working at shop floor and also listen to their views on daily and look ahead business activity too... it will acts one of the path towards to deliver and achieve our mission.
Continue the Love And Care to Employees
Streamline processes and align across different departments such as legal, compliance, finance and the like
More work is needed on workplace psychological safety, especially in regards to how departments and individuals behave towards each other in some cases. I observe that in some sites, rudeness and toxicity can be the norm, with people being generally unpleasant to each other.  Unfortunately silence from leadership when these bahviours are observed serves as tacit acceptance of disrespectful behaviors.  It is ok for departments to disagree on things, but not ok to be rude/disrespectful to each other.  Pulse surveys have reflected levels of stress in our organization - I suspect this is not just workload, but in these pockets of the organization where disrespect/toxicity is the norm or culture, this will be driving absenteeism, or driving people to leave the organization.
less paper work, no auditor during cme or events (as other company does not have  auditor attending their cme program (based on market feedback).  Veeva engagement, dont put it as KPI, as for some countries, we are not as advance as USA or european countries, HCPs are not happy and comfortable to do online meet. They find it very troublesome, and we, as a sales rep donot want to antagonise HCPs by consistently ask for online meet. Many of them didnot respond to our request, they kept silence.
Provide sufficient resources, simplify work and compliance process and provide a work life balance work place
Put more caring on our people. Give more chance to develop and opportunity to get promotion. Our people is the further of our company.
Lesser Office Politics, Lesser Managers making the top decisions and listen more to SMEs.
MSD needs to have a stronger sense of the changes in the workforce, industry and ways of working. Talent retention  is a challenge that we face which significantly impacts operations that would deliver on the mission. Our policies while sophisticated and risk-averse in many important areas, may not be fully adaptable to the current situation of virtual ways of working.
Increase training program.  Cross functions need to understand their roles and responsibilities to support and complete company goals.
Continue to evolve and listen to feedback from our diverse group of employees around the world.
Maintaining a flexible workplace, to help with the juggle of life. Supporting the different needs of each staff member in regards to flexibility. Last year changed the way we did things dramatically. Face to face engagement is important, but  it important to allow staff to find the right balance between f2f and remote working.
Work Life balance has never been the same, we normally speak of it but in reality work life balance is hard to come by at MSD now a days
expand the pipeline
- Increase inclusion and diversity based on differences in ideas and perspective, not just on race or ethnicity - For leaders to put more weight on merits, potential and one's contribution to the organization and less on popularity when recognizing, compensating and promoting people.
Inclusiveness in the organization is an issue.  There should be additional training for people managers, especially for people managers that have never been a manager before.  It is challenging to feel included when managers are struggling, but the company has identified them as a leader and no one really wants to hear there is a problem or address the issue.
Improve engagement activities with employees. Provide the props & equipment to make employees workable virtually and remotely.
Build a strong leadership to lead and identify the right talent to work.
Think as a global company. Reduce complexity and layers.
Attainable and realistic  sales target  especially  during Pandemic so we can earn our incentives as well
More way needed to support employee career advancement including training
I am honor to work at MSD AH China for several years, and I always believe that MSD will be back NO.1 place in companion animal(CA) market in China. I really hope the leadership of MSD could pay more attention to focus on new  products registration on CA market which is the future for us, since our competitors(Zoetis/BI/Elanco etc.) nearly 1-2 new products launch every year, while MSD CA of China is 1 new product every 5-8 years，I am a little worried about future market, as well as feline market rapidly rise for recently  3 years, so rapid response for the market is very very crucial. I hope the comment will be a useful reminder for us. Thanks for all those who help CHINA for future!
to allow other digital platforms to widely engage other doctors
Improve work-life balance
Increase on medical benefiits, I feel RM2,000 is very insufficient every year as some of us may fall sick and need medication, especially for women who give birth and have female diseases
To have more "leaders" instead of "boss"
Come up with new alternatives to safe patients life. By doing this as employers we will also feel committed to deliver for a better cause.
Transparency
Taking care of employees welfare & needs
MSD has  a good company culture and value. But how is the governance mechanism to ensure the value and culture is instilled and practiced centre wide or region wide.   2. ensure the expectation and feedback on the work  from the manager on the subordinate should be  objective - work related and align to company value instead of subjective  or personal preference
Accelerate the localization of products and services; more competitive salary
- Continue to innovate on ways to reach customers and patients during and after the pandemic - Continue of employee development programs
Be able to adjust in the current situation mist especially in meeting the need of HCPs in a safe and ethical manner
Develop tailored made strategy for personal development that align with company policy and stratergy
we do need to word towards simplification of processes and systems and ensure we cut down on manual entries/ tracking. technology front needs better support.
Open to listening feedback with out any bias. Equal opportunities without any preferecen to race or region. e
Clear guidance and on time
Talent building
Decision should be based on data and evidence rather than intuition.
Keep on having good relationships with HCP, and do more scientific event
allowing diversified ways of working, instead of making strict policy to follow.
A balanced approach to enable AP time zone employees to participate in cross regional forums and meetings.  Unfortunately, for AP, EUCAN, US / LA to meet, it is typically AP late evening (around SGT 9pm onwards).  This is a limitation and hope company can consider / have a way for AP employees to have better work life balance.
Listen and take action on feedbacks given.  Explore consensus based decision making instead of top down approach
Continue to improve the balance of empowering certain levels and revisiting control restrictions (Compliance or Financial controls) to improve agile decision making in the organization without significant impact to control risks.  Advocate positive leadership to all leaders in the organization.
I have been working here for 8 years and I feel like this is a great company. I am proud of working here. But in personal and daily work, I feel like not being recognized. For example, I was just promoted once during the 8 years. My manager is just join MSD last year, I feel like she prefers to develop the colleague she interviews and hired. Maybe she did not know what I am capable of. I am disappointed that I did not get much opportunities than I expected.
Merck and MSD is already doing great to help employees stay healthy and stay focussed on work in the COVID times. Company can bring in more policies around travel for employees who are working away from families.
Respect each employee and make decision of changing people's position/job according to clear rationale, not just depending on manager or HR's impression on employees
Keep focus on People development and Employee satisfaction.
Working remotely is becoming new normal and proving to be more productive now. Working remotely in a HUB specific country or their home country shouldn't matter anymore. As far as work is delivered effectively, Project should be safe. Hope MSD can think of other ways to support employees working from their home countries. May be with some pay-cuts, we should make an arrangement with employees to support their family needs in future. Because, this pandemic has a never ending line. It won't end in at least next five years. It is difficult for employees to sustain that long a period. Hope MSD will consider this perspective.
Good incentive for fantastic performance
Provide more support to our customers especially this pandemic.
Top management should take heed of customers' and sales teams' feedback especially during this pandemic. Empathy to the customers during this period is fundamental to our future as a company that cares about "medicine is for the people" as its the foundation of trust to build on for working together to make our medicines more accessible to the people. We should be empathetic towards customers' grievances and hardship and not become a nuisance or annoyance to them by spamming them with emails and irritating them with VE calls. As for the sales team, being in the frontline enable them to have a better understanding of the current market and hence feedbacks from the sales team should be acted upon. Digitalization is important but HUMAN resource is even more so as EMPLOYEES are the backbone of MSD. We must always remember that... no matter what
Focus on innovation for medical needs, not only margin expansion.  If we just continue to focus on cost cut and strict resource control, we will not grow and good people burn and and leave.
New product inclusion , and more transparency on future pipelines of product.
more leadership opportunities for non-white males and not US nationals. Gender balance is great but squeezing out who is non-white and/or female.
Improve internal processes like in procurement, HR, finance, customer service and logistics
Increase competitive salaries.  They aren’t keeping up with inflation cost of living.
- Simply Process - Competence with competitors
Transparent.  Sometimes the top management dose not understand the mid level making barrier to every succeed.  Win Win is the essential element to build happiness of the company in each level.
Promotion of digital transformation and provision of innovative new drugs
Continue to focus on simplification and removing work from the system. We are very good at adding in information to policies but not so good at removing work / policies. Continue to focus on making choices not to do work that seems like churn! Continue to embed New ways of working and growth mindset "How can we"
Across the business, we could improve on our alignment to our vision of always "putting the patients first and the profits will follow". Access to our medicines is consistently one of the biggest issues for clinicians and patients, and the barriers we face every time we try to deliver patient access programs causes significant internal churn and delays to this access.
Simplify the procedures
The speed of change
Newer product portfolio  that differentiate us from market.
New products
Stay out of the ugly political narratives that are dividing people rather than bringing people closer together. We all have a job to do and our workplace is not a venue for virtue signaling or personal agendas regardless of how passionate a person may be about them.
MSD will come by new products in the market we really need this at this time
Give chance to work on project to junior employees, so that they can prove themselves.
MSD must come with new Brands , like Ertugliflozine, omarigliptine in Indian market as early as possible
simplify the process and remove the silo
good collaboration
I believe as the pandemic has changed the way we do ur job, sometimes the working hours may extend and this can increase the stress level, I think it could be very helpful to have more tools to decrease the stress and also some actions to encourage employees to log off at properly hours.
Only comments are with respect to delivering on our mission  In my opinion , we should reduce our internal time for change approval process and should make CMC as part of  supply chain organization.  Evaluate and revise Due diligence process for new external partners
IGreat place to work
Create competitive but inclusive environment.
1. While Work From Home may be the new normal for some and at least for many more years, some policies should be in place specific to this. I am sure prior to COVID no company had such policies so does MSD.  There has to be limit on Number of meeting hours per day.  2. For every individual 240 minutes/day should be the upper limit for the time an employee can spend in meeting. If required MSD can consult Doctors from appropriate specialization to define if 240 minutes is appropriate or otherwise.  3.Trainings and short courses (Online/part time as appropriate) in various specialization should be arranged for eligible employees so that over a period of time employee is ready with the required skills and upskills of existing skills and can achieve career progression goals
Research the optimal product and faster than the competition.
Launch medicines which could treat Covid-19 and save lives.   Get Covid-19 Vaccines to market at the earliest.
I think that Merck and MSD should focus on employee's practical skills.
MSD should Look  market of each and every country and should strategise accordingly to the country need. Then we will more focus on company objectives.
Corporate office colleagues should ensure to share action taken on the points /concern raised by employees in the last meeting before starting subsequent meeting particularly in review meeting
Launch New Products in India, Expand the Vaccines team for co-promotion along with CVM BU. Better Treatment of Field force, Making Support function i.e. Marketing, Admin accountable on deliverables. Focus on Adaptability to local markets. Launch Innovative HCP engagement programs
resourcing is not looked at for the team many appear not to be planned and urgent
Be transparent in every aspect as here Management has power to do but field person have to bear autocrat behaviour of management .
focus on developing staff of all job grades and rank - development opportunities and training courses are often only offered to senior staff
HAVE REGULAR SURVEYS TO KEEP WATCH ON PEOPLE OPINION ON IMPORTANT ASPECTS Take competition head on, by making resources available for field force to optimally engage the HCPs Educational support for Support Team also MSD is one of the best Organization to work for known for its diverse culture, open for constructive feedback which should be continued and encouraged
Already it is doing great . But if more opportunities are available for career development
Focus on simplification rather than introducing new systems e.g. QSIP, IPI which take time to learn and which turn out to be more complicated (i.e. more time-consuming to use) than what they are supposed to be replacing.
Company should not restrict employees with limited resources. People must feel empowered and feel sense of belonging
Because of trying times, interaction within employees has gone down, I am not blaming but this is not a healthy trend, we should use digital platform to discuss all matters across the organization, which will help us to have a cordial environment.
Treat all divisions similarly, MRL vs others. Leaders from the same division to align among themselves (MRL). There is evidence of siloed thinking, no interest in how the decisions of one division may impact on another. Employees see these differences and form the impression we are not really One Merck after all.
Clear on directions and process.
There should be Excellent communication between management and staff. Giving employees the freedom to learn and grow and built trust with employees
Thanks for asking this question, during this pandemic every one should be assured for job security
Be more equitable in where and how our innovative products go - which countries, etc. In other multinationals, the sense of being a global company is much stronger.
good inviroment for healthly place .
Need strong portfolio
MSD is a great company. I’m very thankful that I’m a part of it
Resources creation Utilise the market experience in to other areas or divisions
Launching new products and make new opportunities
Good motivation and support.
Good motivation & support.
Work effectively towards Employer of Choice
Availability of flexi work arrangements
Simplify our systems and processes in GCTO, try not to change processes that often. Too many required trainings, an example for a person returning from a maternity leave, she had to complete 90 trainings. Compared to other pharma companies, we have complicated systems in place - this as feedback from new people, who have joined our company.
Many of us are working as Therapy manager post but at the time of appraisal we have limited opportunity for increment in salary as compared to Senior Therapy managers. We need grade promotion on regular basis
Merck should stop taking their employees for granted and start caring for them. I have not come across a single decision made by my office in the last year that has made me feel better (rather it has been torture in some way). A little empathy will go a long way. Recently we are also facing mental pressure because my upper management has been a failure in terms of retaining its talent and has resulted in a lot of pressure on the remaining employees. I think for a big company like Merck it's very bad to have such a work environment. I don't have any hopes and am sure my feedback might not even get considered.
working together to finish all target. listening and understanding all mind  of our colleague .
Create a culture where everyone can speak without fear and take care of there employees in terms of family and work life balance .
1)  Empower People at every level  2)  Moving from Planning to Experimentation  3)  Adapt D & I as one of the KPIs for Driving excellence & growth  4)  Bring Newer products to India  5)   Follow India Specific rule of the Law/Land  regarding policies .
Company must have country specific pricing and Marketing plans for Growth and must support employees in this uncertain time financially and Emotionally.
Considering fact remote working is new normal we need innovative ways to ensure the Engagement  and Motivation of existing employees are sustained as last year was a year of managing the show but future sustainability of same levels of productivity is crucial. The current model is transforming to a very to the point interaction with stakeholders wherein the general awareness of updates and developments with other functional groups are getting diluted leading to employees being singularly focussed on core job and home priorities. New and innovative ways of ensuring new recruits have the same level bonding and feeling of part of the Merck/MSD family while working remotely
Everything is great. I am happy to be part of MSD.
1. More aggressive strategy and more investment on the strategy; 2. in China for China; 3. Simply and shorten internal procedure for contract and approval; 4. Consider pipeline products in R&D stage to be registered in China; 5. One MAH in China, including commercial, MMD and R&D so that to achive strategy.
- Shortening approval process for business requirements - Purposive interpretation rather than literal interpretation of some of the policies so that compliances in developing world are made easy.
Ability to adjust quickly specially in this time of crisis
Thanks
hope expectations will transcend upward and downward. if I am expected to cope with the metrics, systems and be keen to details hope it will also transcend upward to even out the playing field.
Company should have trust on the employee.Pl remember employee is the asset of any organisation.And if you don’t have trust on your employee then you will never grow. As well as we should have more and more products in our basket to promot or at least our basket should be full of resources to promote available products.
well balanced work and personal life
Designate dedicated person to organize employee wellbeing programs.  Promote a culture of openness. Starting from leadership.
1. Create more opportunities for high performing individuals especially if they have shown commitment to Merck & MSD by serving more than 5 Years so you don't loose out to them 2. Long term policy on Work From Home - to give clarity to individuals to fight this pandemic 3. 360 degree feedback for Managers too so that employees working under them can also provide candid feedback and keep a check on whether everyone is being treated fairly and given an opportunity to grow
Ensure that managers at the Associate Director level have the resources and information available to make decisions quickly on how company changes affect their team and implement those changes quickly and appropriately. More information on career development for employees who are limited by degree requirements for progression within their department.
be more flexible and adaptive to country specific environment/situation
Walk the talk when it comes to new ways of working. At global level, everything is still very hierarchical and done in not an agile way with multiple levels of alignment even for a most simple thing. We need to enable decision making on the right level in order to move things forward.
Simplify internal review process
真正落實D&I, psychological security
transparency and the management shall do what they promised
Fair paying for labor...
Continue to be a company with which  employees can be proud of from various social aspects.
Company is Already doing everything Perfect.
focus on employee mental and physical well-bring. Reduce the numbers of meetings, calls by leveraging collaboration tools.
We need to significantly streamline the financial planning process. This takes up thousands of internal work hours that could be directed at  external activities that benefit customers and patients.  We also need to develop customer focused policies that are more principle focused enabling local subsidiaries the latitude to engage in a compliant and low risk manner. At present it appears that Legal and Compliance are the final decision makers.  There also seems to be considerable work coming down from the Regional office. The commercial HH organization needs to significantly reduce the expenses and resources being put behind the regional infrastructure. A more efficient and productive model is to have a Global to local approach and eliminate the regional teams.
Enable employees at any level and in any function to feel that they can speak up and challenge without fear of being singled out.
Should enhance the field force to penitrate in micro towns and complete cover the peri ferry.
Promote Feedback Culture and Growth Mindset
Improve healthcare and work life balance
Focus on customers
Do people managers training regarding handling people.
Clear direction.
Truly value our feedbacks.
I am new in this organisation....Seems everything fine till date..everybody is very supportive.
would be a help if mangers took more care of people and not always looking for work back that not complete or right just to hit there targets
MSD is still a great place to work considering the work life balance provided here. Couple of products needed after Sita LOI for CVM India. Golden Hand Shake was the policy that made MSD great organisation to work for longer duration. This policy was giving a sense of safety in case of separation done by the organisation. Now it seems like Golden Hand Shake has been weakened or discontinued.   Thank you.
Launching new products and build a carrier growth of employees.
Empathy towards field force. During this pandemic when our safety should be the priority, but here the concern only is sales ..sales and sales. MD announces work from home just for name sake. There is pressure to deliver sales ( so be in the field, exposed to all threats of COVID). Thrust on Veeva engage calls, which are day by day getting challenging, other mediums aren’t considered as authentic.we can’t plan 3 to 5 Veeva calls so we are bound to get in field inspite of risk or take leave..we are left with limited choices to make. This is not the MSD that i vouched upon when had joined the organisation. The management then was something else now I don’t want to comment.
Connect great ideas like Transformation Office and Ways of Working to tangible outputs on broader level. Openness, information update and transparency from managers is also critical. Sometimes missing consistency during decision making.
child care benefits to the employees
More trainings for future leaders
Simplification at acceptable risk
More open and agile in making and implementing decisions
Continue focus on a cultural change fostering diversity, promote new ways of working and prepare for post-LOE of Keytruda, increasing investment in R&D on other TA
I should be faster to make decisions faster,it should be faster to reduce its presodures
There is a serious issue with work life balance overall. One more serious problem is that it seems that is a company that their people is not on first priority. Continuously MSD adopts practices that sets people as a consumable product or easily replaceable.
Diversity of products. May be too dependent on a few products for revenue.
Prioritization on vaccination for each MSD employee and dependents to be safe on covid.
Treat employees as assets, not expense, please.
When implementing changes such as new ways of working there should be a bit more time for adoption
Being  more transparent in communication and sometimes in decisions taken
Simplify processes and system not only with words but on a practical level. Stop everything that is not value added.
More innovations on smart intelligence and co-bots.
Maintain work from home policy where preferred by employees
To enhance its D&I culture and pay attention on its employees work life balance as at the moment, due to the current situation employees experience a lot of stress
Relax internal regulatory constraints
continue to be clear on cross-divisional priorities; laser focus.  When we do that as a company, we achieve great things and barriers are eliminated.
Merck and MSD should be a great place to work like the the same at now at the moment I can see and feel in my working every day. I like to work at MSD very much. I would like to stay all my working time off my life at this grat company! I feel well and I like my worke place at MSD and Merck.
Need to come out with more products to sustainable growth
Some departments are run too lean and they need to allocate adequate human resources so the work load can be managed reasonably. MSD does not reward loyalty and dedication to the company. MSD employees are disadvantaged by low annual salary increases over the time of their tenure compared with negotiating an increase in a new position. External employees coming into MSD are paid higher for equivalent roles due to matching external salaries but internal promotions are only offered with single digit increases. This is counter productive to any employee wanting to forge their career path with MSD.
MSD should focus on people, who really are working and show them, that she values the difference between real working employes and those, who just pretend to work
delegate decision to correct level to eliminate a lot of internal bureaucracy and to speed up processes
Take faster decisions. And deliver what is promissed.
Better collaboration between different departments. (Silos to Network)
Support employee development and job promotion
Programs and applications could be related (calendars on different programs by example), bureaucracy has grown tremendously in recent years.
Keep making use of the experience and expertise of the people that work in all levels of the company.
Transparent faster decisions will help us.
* Put decision making at the right level. The WoW talk to this (Controlling to Empowering) be our practises + polices/procedure don't reflect this.
MSD respects people and supports a good work life balance. This culture should be maintained always.
There should be a proper work-private life balance and It should come from the top level.  There is a blaming culture with to much ambition which harms working atmosphere.  Managers & Leaders do not have courage to take a decision by themselves, therefore to many meetings.
1) Practice what you preach for managers and leaders. Words dont suffice until managers and leaders genuinely believe in that idea and have empathy. 2) The D&I program is great to have for the very same purposes of diversity and inclusion. It should be put in context correctly. For example: We are running MWN programs with heightened sense of achievement in the functional areas where strength of female employees (including leadership) is at abt 80%. If you are running programs to promote female employees in such area then the very purpose of D&I gets defeated.   3) If male employee is looked down for supporting his wife and family, and doing multi-tasking, juggling priorities to create work life balance - then its a faulty interpretation of WoW.  4) Our L&D strategy need to change. focusing on high potential emp is good but if you dont train up rest of the workforce in a systemic way then we are creating a work force that has mediocre skillset & if not upgraded would be outdated soon.
Continue to focus on the patient and employ innovative science to develop  solutions to emerging healthcare needs.
More transparency needed on current status and how the organisation is addressing equality in pay and career advancement between gender, race and ethnicities.
Choose the people manager in well structured way to make sure that they are really positive and can lead and motivate people not controlling and sadistic one
UH site is not in a very good position. Corporate need to look closely before everything blowout of control
I am missing the drive for the results. Sometimes it is too much talking and less doing.
Limit focus on headcount, but focus on cost. There is a disbalance on how easy (more expensive) consultants can be added whilst it takes an extreme amount of time (= waste) to hire one single FTE. Trust that managers make the right, balanced, decisions.  Consider the HR promotion strategy. Appreciating that jobs are banded, not people but it is extremely difficult to get talent promoted into a next role (retention risk), especially within highly specialized groups and teams requiring specific skill sets.
Merck and MSD is really good place to work as it is people oriented and with safe environment. I would really like to improve the decision making capabilities. Decisions should be made fast and appropriate.
The workload is high, that HR resources should be increase
Regarding family/childcare you could consider a few steps towards being more inclusive of new parents, especially of new mothers whose careers unfortunately take the heaviest hit from having children. My recommendation that I've seen in other companies is to encourage the mothers to come back to work by perhaps offering discounts in nurseries close to the workplace. This way it is more likely that the new mum will be comfortable dropping of her child to the nursery close to work and then going to work rather than debating if she'll stay at home or make other arrangements. Flexible working is also greatly appreciated by new parents!
Address the work-life balance challenges many employees are facing.
I feel that more communication and sharing of information is needed across teams. Sometimes, teams are doing work on a Solo basis. This results in a lot of duplicated work and waste resources.
to Keep on delivering the same level of inclusion and diversity
That you can share experience with collega's direct outside your working area.  Explain what are their priorities to get a better understanding how they work and experience my work
Continuing balance personal and worl life.
Provide time to experiment. We are on a day-to-day basis so busy with our activities of the day that we miss time to take a step back and evaluate how we can do things better.
Keep on doing the Great work
Walk the talk to become customer focused, reduce silo barriers between MRL and rest of the company. Better aligned priorities between functional teams to reduce fragmentation and increase impact and focus. Walk the talk in diversity and inclusion and do not limit to gender and ethnicity - it goes beyond.
Enable home office for people who need it.
Reduce the volume of priorities focusing on what matters most, to protect an reasonable work/life balance during the current pandemic context
don't hesitate to recognize every people, every function inside the company (for example assistant, support function) and not only "visible" finctuins such as marketing, data, etc.
continue to simplify processes and empowering the markets
Digital technologies and Innovative approaches can create efficiencies only if we will adopt new wow and, at the same time, we will stop current ones. At this stage, we are supporting new strategic initiatives (e.g. control tower) on top of running operations as usual. This will not create room for efficiency.
parking for all employees
Continue improving digital skills, adopting new technologies to automate non value added tasks and hire additional resources to ensure work / personal life balance
Different departements should work closer together and not push the responsibility to the other departement
The company should keep doing the great work as so far and be very careful which compromises they will decided to go for. I love this firm and I deeply hope we'll keep being the special place where employees can focus on doing the best job possible in order to fulfill the company's mission which is to save and improve lives.
to be  more aware  to collecting users feedback/needs  regarding the digital systems efficacy, especially prior implementation new system
Need new products pipeline and job security
Listen your employees, create a working atmosphere, not demotivate them to work
Give the people who already work for MSD more changes en opportunities, not just for the people who are new in the company. For instance when someone is new in the company a higher salary is easily given because we want that person to choose for us. But there are also people who's work changes / more responsibilities, other intern job. Then very often the conditions stay the same and that is not fair.
Trying to avoid more new systems and changes. people are stressed over this. There is a lot good initiatives but sometimes if feels that there is a need to create more and more things.
Providing a save environment for employees is one of my greatest wishes. Institutions like the office of ethics are a great start for that goal. I am taught to inform MSD via the office of etics if I experience sexual or ethical harassment, threats or fals accusations, but when I was one this situations I didn't have this option. I was helpless. Reporting harassments at work is not possible in all countries! In my opionon it's recless to advertise a really great help solution for people in misery but not provide the promised support. 'Improving a healthy and save environment for employees' is definitly one necessary next step
Reduce workload, user friendly system using
keep up the great job of allowing good personal - work life balance
Enable more botton-up innovation and embed this into the culture of the company. I feel it is still too much top-down when it comes to decision making.
Safety to speak up, challenging the ways we have always done it. The feeling of hierarchy is present.
Be an agile company in practice exactly. Make better assessments for the pipeline or collaborations. Talent management.
Put quality before production/money
Having a proactive approach and less reactive approach ( following market trends, data) in what concerning adapting Practices and polices. being bold in taken different decision before competitors or market, similar to share bold expectation and aspirations
The Merck & MSD has definitely taken a lot of actions towards the well being of the employees, mental health, work & life balance in these hard times. However, I think the set targets on the delivery sometimes might not go hand in hand with achieving these smoothly (on some of the levels) and people tend to prioritize the work life and get into more pressure - which might end up in the loss of motivation or eventually the burn-out.  I believe it would be be good to look into the ways how the actions towards the balance can be emphasized.
I do see room for improvements when it comes to the company culture: it is VERY difficult to challenge the status quo, the company is US centric (it feels like the regions are left aside and not totally part of the group), a lot of silo mentality which does not enable efficiency, there are too many layers hence MSD is not very lean (still a lot of overlaps in terms of R&Rs)
Slow down with all improvements and updates. It's difficult to catch up on all changes being implemented, new systems being implemented etc. Comparing to daily task related directly to work , the amount of time that I spend on catching up on new things (learning new systems, new procedures etc) is enormous. Also, there are too many information being shared - too many newsletters etc. It's difficult and time consuming on discerning what should be prioritized and what is low-important. Also, messages/notifications/newsletter are too long.
Sometimes I have the feeling that the direction communicated by senior leaders is not the same with the direction derived from their actions.
Has to do with Silos: Working in a project organization it is sometimes hard to find the correct contacts to get things done. Sometimes Global IT teams do not understand the need of a project organization with respect of quick access to Admin accounts of having temporary rights in the project phase to perform our job. e.g. also related to a server that has been provisioned and put to deployment while project team still needs to install applications and services on it together with vendor, system is then treated as in production while it is still in project phase.
Strong developmental and cross functional training opportunities. Open discussions/forums with various department leaders to better understand roles and function.
To give hope for the future, our product portfolio is quite narrow.
- Keep focusing on research to find new ways of treatments for cancer and other diseases that are in our scope. In our mission to serve patients. Second, as long as MSD-Merck will (grow)and make profit it will be a great place to work. So we have to make sure we keep making profit and thus sell! Because when the company is doing well, there are opportunities for employees to make a carreer, there is money available to train and invest in people.
Flexibility on an approach combining working at office locations and working from home. A dual approach will work as most efficient due to my opinion.
Deal with workload issue.
Giving credits to concerned person who gets Rx from HCP. Currently we don’t get credits for online pharmacy, pharmacies catering stock to various sub units ( Apollo , Uddan , Religare and much more )
The silos are still too strong, further networking must be encouraged. In the silos, there is a big risk of missing pieces of the bigger picture.
Encourage appropriate developmental opportunities for more experienced/older colleagues
Working on applying the leaderships vision and mission in real life
collect and learn from lessons learned. Try to assign and empower small dedicated / cross functional teams (vs large, global today). Limit priorities (and different subjects to work on) per person - there is not the mental bandwith to work on a lot. So do not start new projects when there is not one finished.
Also give the time to rest
More focus on employees below director level who are not considered a talent. It must be 70-80% of the workforce in this group and all focus goes into talents. The rest of us are also interested in having a motivated job and being developed even if we are not mobile. Don't treat us a machines/work horses!
Make sure that there are enough bums on seats to deal with the extra workload big changes bring, then everyone can get on with giving our customers great customer service, stress and workload will be reduced.  Other than that i feel very well supported by my manager and the senior leadership team, but certain areas of the business desperately need more resource, it impacts accross the whole business.
Work/life balance needs to improve.  Support a more leaner organization in terms of processes and decision making that will speed up ways of working
Amount of company use apps is too high and even strong PCs run slowly. Whole IT structure is overcomplicated so there are always IT problmes and it makes work much slower. And time is money right?
set up a workweek where there is at least one day with teleconferences
Company needs to be more agile - processes are long winded and can stifle creativity and need to move quickly to changing demands of NHS.
More focus on workload in certain areas of the organisation is needed in order to create a better balance and healthier work culture.
Allow more than 15 days of WFH abroad and working remotely ANYWHERE. This will allow us to have a change of environment, which is also important in reducing stress.
How we research, manufacture and commercialize our products and services MUST be exemplary in terms of environmental sustainability, we could set ambitious targets for ourselves (carbon footprint including in transport for employees, plastic usage, water consumption, etc) and communicate them to the public and to Wall Street. Can we "Be Well" if we make our environment "less well"?
Make medicines donation for developing (poor) countries
continue to communicate openly on the future and the development of the company
give option for employee who prefer to continue working from home even after the pandemic.
more opportunities to grow and expand salaries for experienced employee should be higher than a new comer in the same grade level  focus on talents located in EMEA
In our Benelux organisation at the moment we miss the connection over the business units and the view on the future for MSD AH Benelux and also alignment on this. So that we have the feeling that we are going for it together. We have great BU managers and within our BU I must say it goes really terrific. We have a great team and we are working together between countries very closely and also prepare our BU for the future. It is more the higher level that can improve on communication and sharing vision (and ask input/feedback).
Investing in science in order to strenghten the pipeline
For operation departments (eg. PtP ) ; To have a clear vision of the upcoming; for example; whether the automation (robotics)will take our jobs on the near future or ? To have a certainty of this concern; could give a good impact for  related associates where to focus on improving ourselves within our MSD /Merck .  -To have a tailored and clear "improvement & development" scheme/plan for each department
Continue to put employee at top priority. I value very much of how MSD leaders had been providing excellent support during the pandemic
continue to focus on our patients and workforce in alignment of being profitable
Be more transparent and let us see clients face to face or prepare the better for virtual engagements, at this stage our customers are not ready for virtual engagement
I feel that MSD is a fantastic place to work with work-life balance, friendly atmosphere and great career prospects.
Merck/MSD should put more focus on internal resources (especially CMC) in order to support Emerging Markets pipeline access in early stages. Although there is a positive attitude towards this, I observe a lot of internal resource support issues when it comes supporting MoW filings. The focus is always the major markets and only when resources are available MoW markets get a place to file. This focus and internal allocation should be improved.
Simplify internal processes
Re-Prioritize the global programs as they have a negative impact at small sites with less resources
Be more open for embracing new technology, and modifying legacy code.
Focus more on customer experiment from every levels
Act like a 5 bilion $ company and make decision upon it.
Country HR policies can be further liberalized to support employee expectations
Allow part-time work would support work life balance for mothers.
Facilitate access to Covid19 vaccines for employees and near family
MSD is still very hierarchical. I miss feedback culture - here this is mote using the manager as the escalation point so at the end I feel challenging status quo is not existing and openness for Experimentation , Empowerment is missing. Nr of meetings without clear goal and agenda is a standard - having 14 participants when only 3 are actively speaking - is a norm which makes me sad.
Continuing doing the great job on making the best medicines for the pacients, saving lifes
Consider remote working hubs at appropriate locations to accommodate groups. This could address issues around isolation for those working from home, help attract and keep talent from wider regional areas, manage COVID risks and shorter commute would contribute to a reduction in carbon emissions.
Our MSD subsidiary used to be the best place to work in. Unfortunately, this is no longer the case. This started in 2019 and is deteriorating still further.
Well defined career path
Thank you!
In my opinion, from a finance perspective, I think we should focus less on reporting (and creating tickets) and focus more on solving the issues we are receiving as Resolution Center. I like to help people, not the administration which is unnecessary. Maybe not the right place to say this, but I wanted to have said it. Thank you
Based on the experiences from last year, I think it was a big burden to put  work related to the Organon spin-off onto those people's agenda that have already enough to do without really honoring their efforts afterwards. It was a big accomplishment for local organizations and required a lot of extra work for individuals, but the credits for these achievements were limited. This is definitely an area of improvement.
Earlier introduction or trainings of the new systems, rather than on the go - live day
Fixing the company culture in terms of less internal politics and more transparency on why and how certain decisions are made, with a true focus on the people working for the company and the work that needs to be done externally. We have already seen too many good and high value people getting burnt out and abandoning the company because of what seems to be an overly politicized work environment.
Try to simplify further and align.  Too many layers, too many stakeholders leads to slow decision making and lack of progress.  We put far too much energy into fighting change;  MPS is a huge opportunity but the current direction misses out on 95% of the people and opportunities.
Invest in better job tools, faster and user-friendly systems, apps, faster computers, better communication between teams and improve work instructions and descriptions of each team scopes that everybody know who should be contacted. Simplifications of working tools and instructions. Invest in employees` knowledge and careers. Help to develop carriers of current employees teach them and propose and provide new work opportunity.
Speed of work, clear job description, Some global task/development doesn't fit to local - should take survey or speak to local more for any improvement.
For those working closely with East Coast USA, we often work late hours due to the time difference.  It's not always possible to start our day late due to our region specific meeting schedule.  I don't think there are any easy answers but wanted to share none the less.
Provide a greater work life balance
Clearly define and communicate the priorities. Properly stuff the teams that work on the deliverables and define who is making the decisions and follow through on them.
Improve communication, explain decisions; At the same time speed up "transformations"
Work life balance is an issue
actions express priorities stop starting, start stopping -> focus  pull through on fortify ambitions & aspirations
Not alienate white people. As a white person I feel unwelcome in my subsidiary. All I want is to work in a non-racial environment where I feel welcome and valued for my contribution, and where nobody's race and ethnicity is more important than the job at hand and the company's mission.
should be more adapt to the political and environment for China, like VBP/bio.
to stay innovation company
Replace more partner resources and contractors by our internal people. The long term goal of our company and its people is to save lives. The long term goal of our partners is to make money (on us).
it's great so
1. Quality is on top of management currently. Quality space focus on minor details preventing systems from go live on time for reasons that are not going to benefit business or the company in general. Quality team reviewing IT documents without understanding what the system does and preventing the system from going live on time because of reasons like text formatting in the SDLC deliverables does not really improve the ways of working, neither reduces the risk. It only negatively impact everyone else work. Give quality less IT decision power, I believe their role is to make sure we are compliant, not to decide how and when a system goes live. QU is not consistent, with different QU representatives each time we have to adapt to different interpretation of the SOPs and change our approach to CRQ and SDLC deliverables. Between teams QU approach is different.   2. Contractors with no experience impact negatively our job (i.e. HCL). 4. Managers have no decision making power. Trust them more
assure a good pipeline with innovative products
1) Use technology platforms which will make us future ready, currently too many platforms and really not able to simplify the work process. 2) Continuously benchmark with best in class and become a "Learning and Teaching Organization" to expedite the process of becoming best in class. 3) Clear digitalization strategy linked to becoming "future Read" and ruthless implementation with clear business outcome. The team responsible for rolling out the programs should be held accountable for delivering business outcome. Generally most implementation have made  work complex and added multiple touch points. The pressure is on sites to show the business benefits instead of the team responsible for deploying the process.
Keep focusing on the well being of the employees
Continue to support employees while currently working from home, and ensure mental health is a priority.
Align "back-end" to "front-end"- i.e. have processes and SOPs that support the planned activities
Upper Management need to listen when work-life-balance concerns are raised - especially when this is a constant concern from the Team!
Highlight possibility to progress in roles
they shout more listing to the people
Look at the workload of our employees - we are always under extreme pressure to perform, but each person has too much to do. Our colleagues want to do a good job, but can be compromised when there is not enough time to do everything correctly. We need to give people time to be trained, to train others and to monitor the accuracy of the work being done.
Reduce planning hurdles so that there are more time to execute actual works
Sometimes the amount of corporate emails and communications received is too big, we already have a lot of work-related emails to read and we can't spend time going through 5 newsletters a week. It takes me one hour to clean my inbox on Mondays!!
improve efficiency of processes around vendor set up and payments; we are widely regarded as the worst company in the industry in these areas
Work on D&I in a good way, not by disabling gifs (Which were one thing, that made our online covid communication more "live" and fun. So many employees got upset by this decision, I've never heard any positive feedback on that.), but by educating employees. Would be also nice if our opinion was asked before making such decisions. Thank you!
1) Add option to unsubscribe from some notification topics (from my CRA`s perspective). Global company role updates (except for CEO change) are not something useful to me. If I do not report the person, if I am not copied in communication, if there is no direct connection between us, I see no point in reading such updates. 2) Spectrum looks like a digital dinosaur developed for outdated IE. It is treated by Chrome as not secure. So slow, so poorly editable that it is easier to shut it down and open again to continue working. 3) Business trips application is not working smoothly. At least once per month CRA claims they cannot submit a business trip request. 4) Hotel approval process is so odd. I understand the budget limits. But all other reasons are just a mind games. Frankly, most of the time I have neither time nor wish to go to SPA or gym. Even in pre-COVID times I had taken swimming/sport wear but went to SPA/gyms very rarely as I felt so exhausted after the visit.
To create, happy, secure and safe space for employees to work
Leaders should stop to use empty phrases and start to work as role models! As soon as if they show that they can speak up to their superiors (which they currently don't), lower levels will start again to give feedback and speak up
tracking systems; resource; less emails; less meetings
It may be good to have a better understanding about career development
finally start working together as a site! the one MSD spirit isn't there
Eliminate top down mandated projects that dictate how local markets and specific teams should manage and organise their work, without including them in changing process.
Increase resources (people and budget) - especially supportive functions (assistants, project managers)
Better align MRL and MMD to optimize the use of our assets.
MSD and Merck are a brilliant place to work and I would encourage ANYONE to apply for a job here. I feel safe, secure and am able to develop my skills. However we are not perfect. We are not competitive in the sales marketplace. I am told Roche, Bayer and AZ all have higher customer engagement than MSD HOWEVER they can all supply food at GSM's 1 GSM can be with 10-12 customers on average which is a month's worth of F2F calls nearly. Can we please get this changed? i know its a global decision but are global flexible to change. why can other companies do this and we can't?
CONTINUER A PROMOUVOIR LE WOF
It is a bit a pity to see, that the PV department does not do as much effort as other departments to promote their people. The possibilities are scarce and this leads to a situation where we invest a lot in teaching new PV staff and once they are experienced, people tend to leave for a better opportunity outside MSD. This costs a lot of ressources and is not very effective. We should offer our employees more possibilities to grow inside/outside their role.
New therapeutic products
Even more prioritization and alignment at the EC level to reduce workload
Give all employees, and not only new recruits, perspectives to evolve in the company. Over the past years, a strong focus has been made to onboard new employees. But nothing similar has been deployed for regular employees (one example: mentors) eventhough the environment but mostly the company itself is constantly evolving. Given the staff turnover, I am questioning the efficiency of this single focus policy. Is it fair and efficient?
Allow having unlimited home office abroad
The process of approval (decision) sometimes takes too long.
No thanks
nothing
Do not make everything so complicated
I don't see either any disadvantages or fields for improvement at MSD right now.
Provide better tools for working more efficiently, in particular many systems an d procedures are extremely complicated and prevent people from being productive. In addition processes are moved constantly, there are too many processes and they are difficult to find when needed. As an example, adding a new vendor takes months which is a risk to compliance and customer relations. Systems that do not work make people feel stressed and demotivated.
Working from home has had a massive impact on my physical and mental health in a positive way. I used to spend 1:15 minutes commuting to work each way. This was a very stressful experience and wasted time. Having that time back to go for a walk or practice Yoga or even for once get on top of those emails, sitting in Outlook for 2 weeks :-)  has meant a huge amount to me. I am far more mellow and receptive to new projects, new tasks, and changes to the Status Quo in my team. Public Transport in Dublin does expose you to the failings of our society you may have help or deal with very mentally ill people, very stressed and aggressive people, people acting out relationship issues etc.  I do believe that it is important to build a relationship with your colleague's so I don't think working from home completely is the best model for me going forward but certainly a hybrid model of 2 days in the office and 3 from home would see a drastic improvement for Work Life Balance. I hope MSD can provi
I highly enjou the friendly and open atmoshphere at MSD, yet there is room for improvement.  Merck generally feels very inward focused with high focus on R&D and production. Many support processes such as supply chain, logistics, quality etc. are very dated and from top level there seems to be very limited desire to step into the 21st century.  Firefighting is considered the norm and is celebrated. Making structural improvements should be the norm and should be supported more.
Stress on doing things rather than talking about changes.
I share all values of MSD. You have to give 100% in your efforts. Personal satisfaction and exceed your own internal goals and expectations have to be as important to you as impressing management. My manager is an excellent teacher, and delegated duties to me regularly. However, job satisfaction and long-range opportunity are important, too.
A lot of  shift working employees left the company due to the type of 4 cycle shift pattern onsite. There are lots of different 4 cycle shift patterns available to chose from. The company could engage/listen to shift workers better regarding their concerns around a particular pattern.
Less admin tasks, fewer support functions, mor focus and resources directed at customer interaction
Reduce metrics not related to clinical research
Continue to work with and support individuals who either WFH or at the sites as part of this Pandemic. But also post this time when life returns to our previous 'normal' engage with the teams/individuals and see what works for them - Working on site, WFH, a mixture ?  This in turn could help people to meet the correct work life balance, ergo happy worker.
Ensure all colleagues understand that what this company can be depends on every individual contribution and that we all have the responsibility to make it a better place for all of us
Broadly in simple wording communicate the set-up and KPI's of (each manager within) global departments like Global Procurement, Global Supply Chain Management and Global Quality. This will bring local and global departments closer which will increase synergy.
Need high-performance teams (leardership as well as members positive contribution) to fulfil missions.
Continue to allow people to work from home where their workload allows after the Pandemic
MSD need to stop driving the wrong behaviours in terms of call rates. During the pandemic obviously engagement stopped and that was the right thing to do.  We should be proud we gave the NHS space to recover.  Now that we are engaging again with customers, MSD is being drawn in to a industry competition over call rates.  We need to be conducting quality and valued interactions with customers.  To do this we need innovative support materials for patients and HCPs and not just doing what we have always done. As an MSD KAM I'd rather be known for quality and reputable calls as that will drive longevity in my customer relationships.
Stay in contact with the employees. For instance; give clear and understandable feedback on the outcome of this survey and actions that may follow.
Stop being so risk averse.  we hinder our saleforce with so many rules that other companies do not seem to need to put in place.
1- increased use of digital technologies to trend, analyze, and problem solve issues that incur cost, downtime and batch manufacture. decisions based on real time data allow for more streamlined process 2- increased efficiency of the CRB processes. streamlining this process by identifying key agenda requirements and specific roles and responsibilities will allow for decisions to made more efficiently by key resources with the correct knowledge.
I believe that managers should try to be leaders and encourage their employees to go further. Also, there are some rigid mindsets about diversity and inclusion like there is no different sexual orientation or identity in the company. e.g On my first day at MSD, my manager told me that "don't express your sexual orientation and don't tell anyone because we had some bad experience in the past". I even don't know what are these bad experiences they had in the past. So.. In my opinion, to make the company a great place to work, this mindset should be changed as soon as possible.
Will be great if we have every 2 weeks an activity that can join different teams and learn together
Invest in team cohesion.
Get their business and people culture back on track. There is no clear vision of what we as  sales people can expect in future.
only take on additional workload that can be done without relying heavily on overtimes
CONTINUER A INVESTIR DANS L EXTRA PROFESSIONNEL (toutes les propositions de Live It ) CELA PERMET D ETRE PLUS EFFICACE DANS LE TRAVAIL EN AIDANT A ASSURER L EQUILIBRE VIE PRO/VIE PRIVEE  CONTINUER LES DIVERSES FORMATIONS PROPOSEES AU RYTHME DE CHACUN AFIN DE SORTIR DE SA ZONE DE CONFORT ET DE SE CHALLENGER AFIN DE PROGRESSER CONTINUER A PROPOSER DES REPLAYS DE REUNIONS PROFESSIONNELLES AFIN DE GAGNER EN EXPERTISE
Continue to open position for senior leadership team outside US as GMAx lead based in Switzerland. That is key to follow our diversity and inclusion goals
Keep encouraging people
Fair Treatment for all employees
Less Webex shorter time limits an hour meeting reduced to 50 minutes to give people time to move around
Truly change to become a more simplified company that values a different, more agile way of working.
keep  up the  opportunity like this  to ask how we can do things better,  small steps all add up
Work better on rewarding talents, some people are progressing in their careers fast just by "using the network" and not all of them are experts in their fields, what I am trying to say that I met people who were able to move up fast just by being visible and trying to impress leadership team. There are on the other hand examples of professionals who are excelling in their field, they do not intend to change their domain every two years to get closer to promotion. Those can be frustrated what are the real values that are appreciated by the company. I know that setting up a system that is properly reflecting what is shown here is very difficult or impossible, but that is what I do not like about our company, although otherwise I am happy and loyal employee.
Develop a safety culture that encourages reporting of incidents and near misses and enables teams to use these events as learning opportunities without the threat of consequences interfering with the process. The entire incident management process from Enablon to SIF's needs an overhaul to allow the company progress to being a truly progressive and generative place to work and I feel this culture would feed into all other aspects of the business.
As people manager (8 direct reports) it is quite challenging to do daily business too. I would highly recommend that people manager should focus to projects, bigger investigations, process optimization and leadership activities.
There has been massive amounts of change all at once over the past couple of years, all rushed through with very poor or no proper training, QSIP chapters are imposed on us all as a done deal with very little consultation and now we are seeing great difficulties and errors caused by changes forced onto us, little or no support in answering questions from Global chapter owners. Very much an attitude of put up and shut up. From a local site level, great support from immediate managers at M1 and M2 levels but senior management on the site are very much absent and invisible and more especially so since the beginning of Covid, communications are via very long wordy emails sent sporadically or intermittent town halls via webex that we are all too busy to log onto. Information in these is very sparse on the future of the site possibly leading to lots of uncertainty at the moment around temporary contracts and job security for some.
To have enough notice period of the current employees so that there is sufficient time to find their replacement when they leave. That ensures that the rest of the work force would not be seriously affected by the stress caused when they have to absorb the work of the person left until replaced
Many MSD systems are quite demanding for data entry and are very much oriented bottom-up (Specturm, Veeva, CRDB, ORION, ...). There seems to be an underuse of a "top-down" approach towards these data with many re-requests for data already entered somewhere (sometimes in the system, sometimes a different one). This increases workload and may be perceived as stressful sometimes.
I think it’s  good enough now
There is much talk about work life balance and psychological safety but the culture doesn't support it in any real concrete way. Empty talk by HR and leadership and cosmetic actions + lot of "company posing" in social media so that it looks like something is being done.
By making their employees feel appreciated by giving them incentives
Create more transparency in the processes and activities in each department and between departments. In some cases it takes a long time to figure out the roles and responsibilities
I am a strong advocate of D&I and ways of working. I feel that the ethos is being adopted and I see that it has been welcomed throughout the organisation from shop floor to management. The health side of ways of working must be supported - particlularly identifying and allocating the right resource levels. Currently I and several people I have spoken to don't have time to engage in the wellbeing talks during the workday as there isn't sufficient time to complete core duties and attend talks.
better carrier opportunities, easier way to be promoted if excellent worker, easier and more flexible way to create headcount if needed
At this time, I don't feel that MSD AH Benelux is always a safe place to speak your mind without retribution.  Because of this, I believe that things are not done or less efficiëntly. I hope we can turn this arround in the future.
Engage with employees, ensure training is available and sufficient time is given for it to all employees especially in relation to new systems.
Do better job in retention of key talents
Be sure that their policies are followed, remove strong barriers for actually move forward with inclusion and diversity (not only telling and teaching, but also proactively auditing its execution with data).
continue to share more widely in the media about our mission and the important part we have to play
maintain a work from home policy post covid. allow employees work from home 2-3 days a week. Work from home policy is more efficient,  promotes a healthy work /life balance, eases pressure of daily commute and struggle for child care drop off / collections. Since a work from home policy has been in place due to covid, all employees have stated they are happier and it creates a happier and positive work force and environment.   If MSD were to remove the work from home policy post covid, I would look to see employment elsewhere.
Electronic batch record, automation of repetitive work circumstances, Long term commitment and stability balanced with short term opportunities.
MSD has for the most part very committed and hard working teams and team spirit and collaboration has been so important and evidenced over the last year.  The activity / resources required to deliver upon expectations isn't always fully understood and while commitment to deliver has not wavered, the environment is becoming more pressurised given the effort and pace required to meet the expectations. Remote working is now implemented and the efforts needed to do the day job could be better supported in a remote setting for all colleagues longer term. MSD need to simplify and consider policies that support a remote environment, reduce email traffic, reduce the time on calls per day and support and lead out on policies that give time to thinking and getting through activity.
Create the culture and frameworks needed to enable people to challenge the status quo and challenge the 'it's how it's done around here' mindset.
Promote career move cross functionally; different markets, different division/department.
process simplification; review current processes and any new processess that do not add value to work. automation may be a possible solution in some cases
Filter out the red tape, hoops and hurdles for progress. My roll is increasing become and administrative burden dealing with functions that were previously in another department. The company has also become faceless internally. I can no longer speak to a person when dealing with issues and countless hours are wasted on 'Tickets' and other faceless forms of resolution 'Experience's',  The company needs to pause and reflect on this global centric vision for shared services and permit regional flexibility which allows regional differences and strengths to be leveraged.
Simplify processes.
Make things not more complicated than necessary, in MSD AH we have to do with a lot of Global standards were Human Health requirements are directly copied for Animal Health were in a lot of examples it makes no sence and will drive up cost prices. There are too many systems implemented without any explanation or proper training and support for some systems is very poor (Eneblon, Workday). For AH the timelines and decisions about investments but also about siting of products are having very long timelines and most of the time this will lead to extra costs. In some cases decisions are based on incomplete forecasts and not taking into account all the activities we need to perform besides the normal production output.
have less of a dump and rum approach to introducing new systems and ways of work. roll outs may look good in theory but their execution and actual implamentation are mostly a throw it at you and see if it sinks or swims.
I believe extra days off would benefit employees who can't make plans for vacation due to the pandemic and are trying to "save" days to be used later and end-up not consuming their vacation and not getting a break. The most unclear process in MSD for me is the year-end review and evaluation of employees. There's no clear guidance on how people are evaluated and rated, which brings a lot of frustrations to employees that are doing their absolute best aiming for a high score and get a regular score at the end. This takes away motivation and makes me believe the evaluation is very subjective, and not actually related to my work results.
Resource job roles sufficiently, take note of the differences between countries - one size approach from HQ will not fit all, some have more red tape and processes that take time, Brexit, COVID, homeschooling and Organon have made our jobs very complicated the last year and no adjustment of workload was made, Ireland is an entirely different country and always double the workload for us but HQ assume they are one country.  Please invest in the full functionality of systems, pay for all the Veeva options (Spectrum was also an issue as not all the functions compared to other companies I have worked at were bought).  Made signing documents easy, why Adobe Sign??? Just make things quick and easy.
Solve the big problem that is caused by two silos within MSD Animal Health managed by two different and independent managers: R&D (manager within MSD Animal Health) and MMD (manager within MSD Human Health). As long as these managers have their own priorities (Human Health versus Animal Health), various essential processes such as MMD siting decisions may remain negatively impacted.
If we are aiming to become leaner in parallel we must also try to be quicker and more agile.  If we keep reducing our workforce we must be able to identify new ways of working by doing things in a more effective and simplified way  removing some bureaucracy and inefficiencies out f the system.
1) Listen to the employees feedback periodically  2) Allow people to grow , giving an opportunity to work in different function  3) Career development pathway for non Sales people
I feel that what it is said and what it is done is not the same. During pandemic, I hear a lot from top management that family first and take care of your family and yourself. When I have a situation to take care of my family, like having my kid from the school earlier for the reason of COVID and attending a meeting from car while travelling from / to school, my direct manager tone of voice, body language implies the opposite when he hears that I will be attending a meeting while I am travelling even the conversation / meeting topic is not so crucial and vital for the company. Moreover, I am already working after business hours to give the time company where I spent to take my kid from the school. As it is said in the beginning, what is delivered as a message from the top management should be valid for each employee and employees should see the integrity with the message and the attitude. This will be my advice to MERCK to take further make the company a great place to work!
Listen to what people on the ground have to say.  Don't just launch new projects without talking to the people who have to work with the result afterwards.
Move from a US company to a global company. Leverage current global resources rather than rely on fixed geographic location for executives advancement
- More focus on environment & sustainability - Reduce internal work on top - Improvements needed to maintain work-life-balance
Have middle management on board of Merck culture and fully embracing it. I see differences between top management speech and application at the middle management level. As we are moving to Agile ways of working, it should be also good to repeat the meaning behind our company culture and values. In my organisation,  there is an injunction to always have a positive communication. Yet, having always a positive communication prevents free, objective speech and constructive criticism. As soon as we try to talk about the problems (to solve them), there is a barrier. This is misperceived by the hierarchy. This has to change in order to bring transparency, confidence between people, and to progress together. (Hiding issues will never solve them)
Job rotation, Internships, intrdepartemental collaborations.
1. Expand the drug portfolio 2. Additionally encourage and support employees (especially now is not a simple period of COVID-19) 3. Attract employees of different generations to the company 4. Identify employees who are involved in the processes, relate to the work "with the soul"
Diversity and inclusion
Everything is ok.
No split between medical and sales! Share content ,formations  The purpose is the same , helping patients  The customers are the same but we are not there as one company
To simplify processes instead of make them more and more complex.
- Continuation of remote working options - To work in a Regional role in Europe why do people have to move to Zurich? Talent within the company is potentially being lost due to this restriction as due to family commitments many employees are unable to move and are therefore moving to a competitor who does not have this restriction
Employee friendly decision, new product
Improve awareness and access to tools and support for future hybrid ways of working post pandemic Walk the talk relative to "Fortify the Future", challenge and change what we do and how we do it; opportunities are there to drive efficiency and optimisation across business functions
Merck and MSD should not change anything because it is a great place to work.
We need to breakdown the silos in our company.  For too long we have operated as companies in companies especially between HH and MRL.  We know the science is critical to our future and for the future of the patients we serve but we have to do a better job at coming together as cross functional teams and aligning on the commercialisation of the science.  I see too many examples of siloed working and conflict in our company at all levels.  If we fail to come together as effective teams patients will not get access to our innovations, we will not drive shareholder value and ultimately we will not have the resources to continue to invest in the science.
Merck and MSD need to listen more to employ and support them
Nothing
I would like to be able to put 100% of my bonus into shares if this is possible.   Other than that minor comment, I am extremely happy working in MSD and really satisfied with my decision to move this company.  I feel fully motivated in my role and am gaining knowledge and experience on a daily basis working with amazing colleagues in a supportive and inclusive environment.
Create the conditions that will allow our employees to have a fair day's work. The company sends excellent messages about mental health, time management, work/life balance, but is reluctant to provide the staffing levels or simplified systems that can make those things a reality for a lot of people.
Merck and Msd should not change anything because is a great place to work
1. Debureaucratize, so you do not have to spend the working day on unnecessary tasks.  2. Trust more that your employees make the right decisions. Give more authority power and authorizations for the sales team so they have more leeway when they negotiate with customers.
Free to speak up on every Merck and MSD site, being critical identifying where this is not the case and act on it to improve.
To protect and preserve employees, make NewCo separation less painful, less stress.
1. Provide better professional growth for employees. COVID Situation is hard, we are all suffering from it but the lack of professional growth options is demoralizing.  2.Extend Work from Abroad program. As an expat, the current situation really hard being unable to see family. We have been working from home almost a year now, being able to work from our country home for a longer period would have made no difference for almost all job positions. I believe MSD Employees have demonstrated that border should no longer be a limitation to fulfill our roles.     3.Rollback decision to take out GIFs from Teams. This actions feels like censorship for me. The justification for said action was that some images were identified as stereotypes and racism, however it is a minority of images. If we follow that same logic, should facebook or other social media be banned as well for having stereotype and racist content?
Make progression for MSD staff a norm, and not as sporadically as it currently is.
As a field based employee our processes are still very complicated - please keep internal processes simple
no thanks
Build talents, too much focus is on short term targets. Goals and Objectives has all but vanished at Carlow. People don't believe that in 1 or 2 years time they will be doing anything different or will be any more skilled. Management and above seem to be so overwhelmed with work and emails that people management has falling off the required list and this is affecting the moral of people.
Remove the legacy Merck cliques that still exist. If you haven't worked here for at least 15-20 years you are somewhat an outsider. More diversity of views and better blue sky thinking. Avoid this is the way we have always done this...! L3 will be vital for the future - make it happen with all views herd not just a wink and a nod. Create strategic partnerships with key NHS stakeholders  were we can partner with the over the longer term upwards of 3 years - removing short term franchise thinking around delivery in that financial year.
Be One company, make available same opportunities, resources, process and procedures within the same country. Better balance between work and private life Reduce reiterative meetings with non added value Increase individual accountability and empowerment
Establish a culture for open and honest dialogue between departments and colleagues with open and honest feedback on what could be improved - from personal and professional perspective.
There can be an issue with communication at local level where people or depts are excluded from communications or are communicated at the last minute which causes other issue when there are deadlines
Keep engaging with employees on these matters, it is a marathon not a sprint. The needs change over time
simplify processes which will allow for less silo's of teams. Each team affect the others they interact with so as they grow and become more complex the knock on effect to others increases so they adjust/improve their policy/procedures which then has a knock on effect etc etc.
Focus on available resources and adjust targets appropriately. Remove barriers to change and overly complex quality systems by moving towards available, and industry standard, technology and processes.
Ensure that we block time in peoples days to take breaks, across timezones have 30 min no meeting slot so people can have lunch break in middle of day. Ensure that we are leaders in flexible work and allowing colleagues to interact face to face and have safe travel once the pandemic allows.
Have obvious career progression ladder in medical affairs. Stop charging us annual leave for the period between christmas and new year when the office is closed anyway
Value all of it's staff- regardless of their level. Really listen to staff and deal with issues.
Really consider possible to work in remote, for many jobs and not only sales and key account manager... We should be able to do any job and live anywhere we want, not just capitals.
Continue to focus on people and deliver update on the MSD vision (following the spin off), what will be done differently..
Make people development as measured deliverable of every people manager.
I think overall the company is a great place to work. The main concerns I have are regarding the future of the company with regard to pipeline and the implications this has for the company. As things currently are we are likely to require ongoing restructuring and I worry about job security for both me and my colleagues.
Consult customers more comprehensively about any policies or process that directly affect them.
Make things (approval processes, operational systems, internal and external compliance assessments, business intelligence tools, etc.) much simpler and empower employees to make business decisions. Improve employees compensation and establish a clear career path for employees.
proper resources support so the work and personal life can be managed. A one week vacation without deadlines and urgent issues to take care of.
make it less burocratic more agile
Ways of Working is a great and very important concept for our future success, but needs more attention, especially "silos to networks"
I do not want to answer this question. Just please treat the employees as humans and not only as FTE cost/benefit numbers in statistics.
stay a stabile company with a clear future.
Real innovation with digital transformation, be less HQ-centric, develop cross-functional collaboration, and reconnect management with people working on the field (project, operations...)
re-establish a multi-year formal employee development plan.  It is good to have a personal development priority and a career aspiration field in the employee profile but personal development is spanning across multiple years often. And it is key to take time to discuss this with your manager and get a plan articulated for on how one could advance on its professional journey at MSD.
How to challenge people that have been in the company for a long time to be updated with decision/solutions and be able to challenge the process to do better
Make procedures more simple and easy to navigate.
Continue growing as they are and continue the positive attitude towards all ventures as they are currently doing - also maintaining the enthusiasm which they send out to internal as well as external customers.  It is great!
Keep an open mind, support and help make ideas come into life. Help initiatives and work together.
There should be a much better split of responsibilities from Production to the other support departments, it appears to be that if production needs it done then production are the responsible party there seems to be a limited amount of equal onus when it comes to projects on site, it is my experience that production needs to ask for thing instead of being supplied with the relevant support.
Due to COVID-19 digital transformation happened practically overnight. MSD did a great job in 'go-digital' and people feel empowered to connect and work in new virtual/digital environment. However challenge is not over yet. People would need some time to take the step back, to reflect/digest and truly adopt to new ‘digital mentality’. Company should continue to listen people needs and  to address changes in more structured way.  Not all stakeholders including HAs have been that agile and successful but for sure we all have a long journey ahead – perhaps this might be great opportunity for even more partnership.
Be ruthlessly metric driven in our decision making. If an initiative is not measurable we should question if it goes ahead.
Change the work/life balance culture. More resources to support
To plan and resource new projects accordingly, including the consideration of other projects/ daily ongoing tasks which are also required within the normal role. To help manage peoples time and resource and therefore providing clear deadlines without feeling additional pressures to complete several different tasks/projects at one time.
Set clear priorities, everything is a priority which makes it difficult for people to work out what must be done, what should be done and what could be done when time and resources allow. Managers don't use priorities to manage people properly, this is really evident in the current working situation with so many people struggling to cope with worklife. and stress.  There is too much complexity at MSD. Complex systems not talking to each other or reporting out to give country level report view. MSD manages everything with the same risk in mind, creating additional work that is not really necessary as the risk is not that big, too risk adverse is a burden to our people. Nothing is ever stopped, just seems to fade away. Efficiency and simplification and clear priorities advocated from the top.
Continue to offer the freedom and flexibility to work from home - as a new a supported way of working. As employees in my specific division (GHH IT - UK) we have demonstrated that we have been able to succeed in driving certain areas of the business without the requirement to be in the office in person to get things moving and completed.
provide employees opportunities for growth company culture build in trust simplified processes& regulations within the company fairness(equal promotion opportunities,clear and fair  evaluation criteria, better salary ranges)
Further enhance our digital technologies to empower us to access data more easily, to improve our day to day decision making.   Change is extremely difficult to implement  at the company both for GMP/non GMP activity. ( In comparison to other similar organizations). This can discourage people to suggest and  implement improvements. I would like MSD to truly challenge our change processes to ensure as streamlined as possible- starting within our local teams and departments.  We should ensure each team are encouraged and resourced to ensure the day to day processes in which they operate are as efficient as possible, which will optimize our agility going forward  Seeing these commitment to continuous improvement  and driving efficiency will improve morale within teams.
1. Ensure a safe space to speak up, for teams to be able to really work together as ONE TEAM, and not to work divisively. 2. Ensure the ways of working (withholding to sharing) are really applied by team members.
Openness about future plans should be shared more often, we tend to find out about plans at quite short notice from my experience. We don't know which direction the company is going in regards to manufacturing on our site.
More homeworking (after covid crisis)
Create an inclusive workplace with respect for different experiences and cultures
Developed skills and competences by online training’s.
We should focus our efforts on the priorities for our customers and not be afraid of taking tough decisions when necessary. Also focus on people development and offering challenging opportunities more regularly as part of development plans (special assignment etc)
Company should support cross-team collaborations, break the silos and try innovative ideas regardless of internal processes or longer term plan. Innovations can be planned and we need to support all ideas from the beginning and assess them to see if they would really bring benefits.
Offer training to managers to be better leaders to their teams. MSD is a good place to work for. Employees leave bad managers and not the company. Develop flexible work from home policies post COVID. Promote work-life integration. Flat structures are great but they tend to limit the chances of promotions within the division. Not everyone wants to be a CEO one day. Accept and let people grow, develop and excel within their current roles.
Communicate with other departments.
The Regional Team should get closer to the countries and markets and look into their business closer Assess every colleague's skills and competencies before any HR / Business related decision Expose the local / clusters' teams at a Regional / Global level Give clear perspective on people development according to their real potential and skills
The company should follow the current trends, it should adapt faster to the changes
Try to be transparency in things
MSD is still a great place to work.  New products, the systems we work with to correspond.
Encourage more big picture thinking within teams departments and cross department and cross site and discourage silo working
Hiring real leaders from outside who understand their work and can motivate the people to reach company's goal. Adopting new ways of working especially on the leadership level. Turning the current model of leadership into more Agile and squad based one. Training the current leadership team with basic communication skills. Simplifying the current organization structure to reflect higher flexibility in implementing of various innovations, and constantly bringing added value for the business.
Maintenance of anti-corruption, inclusion and racial diversity and gender policies and safety, health and environment programs "Safy by Choice".
MSD needs to simplify business processes and reduce the time for approval for new initiatives as this contributes to keeping us lagging behind and it prevents us from being agile and adopting new ways of working.
Consolidate organizational change to establish a winning team and continue to communicate in a frequent and transparent way. Foster new ways of working specially network to avoid silos.
more dynamic culture. very low risk environment with no innovation and very little understanding of how to change the way we do business
Play more focus to People retention, offer competitive salary
Every Region, Every product should count. We should be commited to building our brands. Doubt if anyone else will faithfully do that for us. Development
Need to help the above site teams "walk in the shoes" of the plants. QSIP has been a huge challenge.  We rolled out the program years ago with a dedicated staff.  Then we took the dedicated staff away b/c it was too expensive and asked the sites to do their day job and implement.   As the organization pulled people away to do other work - COVID hit and QSIP still implemented a few topics and expects to pick up again in 2021.  This initiative has caused more churn, frustration, unplanned events (QNs).  It is also extremely risky that we don't ask anyone to physically train on the procedures we have established (I'm still not sure how to explain that to a regulator.)  We get Quality Management System updates almost daily which shows a lack of control over the global system.  To me this further demonstrates instability in our global Quality System. Finally, Digital solutions are not always the answer.  GLIMS has been extremely painful to implement.
-Reduce significantly the time consuming bureaucracy often linked to implementation of compliance policies. 2 concrete examples: simplify the cumbersome and ever changing procedure for shipments (lack of alignment between GTC and AHTC results in unclear guidelines), simplify the procedure for implementation of SDLC on PCs connected to instruments.  - Improve onboarding of new employees by having a site-specific "handbook" with relevant rules (working hours, vacation, sick leaves, etc...), the current system with info spread on sync is not convenient to use/navigate into. Such handbook (pdf) gathering in one place relevant info would also be useful for "old" employees. - Invest more resources on development of new vaccine and drugs technological platforms across target species (for instance: nucleic acid based vaccines) to ensure that our future products are in line with the market needs (see for example the Covid19 vaccines situation and where we are (not) now in that market...)
Continue the focus on D&I and be a leader in diverse recruitment.
Innovation and cooperation are always needed for the company to grow and work efficiently.
Continue to Support rotations to allow employs explore and develop new skills & perspective
Continue to allow and encourage flexible working arrangements such as WFH.   While I work longer hours while WFH, I can get some personal tasks and extra exercise done during the day, which has definitely proved to be beneficial to my overall wellbeing, as well as to work completed for the company.
Should be able to provide flexible employee growth passionate and dedicated the employee
Start planning "what will post COVID working environment look like" and start communicating to colleagues   Ensure voice of the customer is constantly assessed to inform the digital solutions
Embrace working from home wherever possible and flexible options around it
More transparency on company strategy for the future of our site. Lots of uncertainty right now. Would be nice if there was a clearer plan for the site to put everyone's mind at ease about the future.
provide further support for employees working from home (adapted chair, desk, seek for financial support e.g. contribution to internet fees for those in greater needs…)
open and fair opportunists for everyone
Build Change Management capabilities and support employees with Resilience skills.
Provide enough human resources, so that employees can have work life balance, and redesign the Compensation Plan with amount salary increase grids, instead of %, as a % applied to a low salary will always result in a low increase, meaning a low salary range for many years.
To really be focused to external stakeholders instead of hearing other MSD colleagues echoing one´s own words "we are doing right things - arent we?"
Stop any push for home offices in favor of supporting people to meet and work from the office face to face. We will never be productive, efficient and feel belonging to the company and the team with remote work. People need to socialize, meet and share ideas to contribute to company's bright future.
Employee growth, Performance appreciation
Be adaptable, make decisions faster. Influence where change needs to happen - externally and internally.
More flexibility regarding part time work/job share, particularly if you are an established good worker and choose to use 1 day of parental leave a week to allow for extra time with young children, A four day week would be perfect as it would give the worker time to get a large portion if not all the work completed, saves the company a day's wages and would make it a win win situation for many people. I feel that different departments offer different levels fof flexibility and QC seem to be the worst for it.
Remote working, I understand it is not always possible however where a role can be done remotely MSD should offer that option. It is up to the employee to make it work (office hours etc.) but I see no reason why global and/or regional roles have to be located in an office. The pandemic has shown it is possible to have remote working and a blend of remote and office working. MSD will need to offer remote working to attract new talent. I am sensing a attitude change lately that remote working, while possible, isn't preferred. There is an assumption that everyone will want to, and should, get back to the office. If employees can make it work I'd love to see the leadership team embrace the option of remote working for all, where possible without any unconscious biases towards employees who chose to go into the office regularly. This way of working, applying a one size fits all criteria, I feel is over. If MSD is to thrive into the future we need to have the option to work remotely
Give resources to reduce work burden on internal process and documentation for field colleagues. Encourage to do some empowering in some decision making and ask about the feedback and suggestions before the marketing strategies.
Merck and MSD are already a great place to work
Better prioritization of projects, alignment between different divisions on framework, ensure capability and expertise before initiating a new concept
Let's go 100% green and stop all unnecessary waste and travel! We can use technology instead of business travel.
There is a high turnover of staff in my department currently and it creates a lot of additional work for the team. Steps need to be taken to try to understand the root cause for this high turnover and reduce it to a level where it is not having the same impact.
There are too many short-term solutions that are communicated ineffectively, leaving many people frustrated and unsatisfied. Not enough is being done to train managers on Leadership skills. Too much pressure is being applied on managers, they aren't able to lead by example. Achieving change for the long-term good is proving difficult. Communication is proving a huge challenge when working virtually.
Good intent but poor execution. E.g. qsip  Focus on doing basics well - product flow is efficient and resources supporting improving flow and not creating new initiatives. E.g. digital for digital sake
Be willing to  embrace new technologies and be less risk averse.
Commit more resources to reduce stress and workload on certain individuals in the organisation
It’s great already! I’m having a time of my life!
Prioritization of  data collection from facilities and Utilities for Sustainability and efficiency monitoring. A clear policy on how we monitor our equipment and future proofing it. For example we should specify that all data must be made available via BACnet as a preference, allowing simpler IOT integration. If we have a clear policy/standard on data interfaces acceptable to MSD/MERCK, then this can be leveraged into project design, and there is less of a struggle to have included in the project scope.
Look on workload, and reduce cutdown on manpower. MSD will loose many good employees.
Medical dpt. and Sales&Mkt dpt. are disconnected. Staff in Medical dpt. has been reduced and the work load overthrowen on Marketing dpt. Medical vendor-mediator bring more complications than simplification and efficiency. A lot of people is demotivated, staff turnover has become a regular, standard situation here.
Manage the demands on workers and provide the necessary supports. Support the fun in work. Lead in the fight against climate change. Support D&I and continue to develop great products.
Enable local sites to incorporate social KPIs to track progress, i.e., not only financial indicators but employee happiness, content level, and employees involved in humanitarian acts (in business hours).
Given the events of the last year, it is really important to enable flexibility for all staff, not just office based staff. I think this is critical to recruit and retain the best talent.
It's difficult to get things done. The company puts many hurdles in the way. This has NOT improved over recent years.  Words and actions do not always align.
In general Merck/MSD is a great place to work. 3 suggestions I have to make it better: 1) Invest more in upgrading the technological space to stay inline with the competitors - example : S/4 hana migration has been discussed for a while but never prioritized 2) Permanent work from home (or make it optional) will be a great flexibility for employees - for me personally it's the best option as I feel more productive, I can balance my work/personal life better, my physical/mental health is great and still I can collaborate effectively with my team and deliver in the same way as if i had been in office. A lot of companies have done this and we can try this too. 3) Provide educational assistance for employees (especially EXPATS) kids - this is a huge problem in Prgaue hub - since education has become very expensive and for expat like me, it's almost not affordable. our competitors and even vendors of our company provide some sort of educational assistance to their associates,
Should also consider small countries when thinking of diversity and inclusion.
Flow of information, not only the big picture. Well structured plans, in long and short times.
I feel we need to completely change the marketing model, currently we are stuck in between senior leaders saying we want transformation and change to a digital future, and on the grounds we are stuck in a traditional sales rep model of marketing and have a fear of change.
Have managers that aren't just company orientated that actually care about their workforce Less tick box exercises
Be dog's friendly office let us continue working from home at least 2-3 days of the week Surface us marketing needs - so we will be able to think on solution that can take the company forward. expose us to the different departments and needs - so we can cooperate on join project.
Company should to understand regional/local specifics and keep in the system space for polight maintanance. Two-way information exchange have to be suported - Management have to understand sales force needs / sales force have to understand management needs/orders.
Improve family care
Flexibility, recognition and training to the employees.
We need to sort out the issues we are having with Direct as they are impacting our customers and our employees. We have a very low turnover of staff at MSD and I fear that if we don't sort the issues soon we could see some good people leaving.
Continue to value and develop employees.
Understand employees real needs
Just keep on working toward people feeling respected and welcome, no matter what gender or skin color.
Continued transparency for decision making and rewarding employee retention at Merck that is beyond 10 years.  Good employee retention is difficult with the competitive job market.  It is easy to get a higher salary to leave a company, good employees should be rewarded for staying with Merck.  LTI is great but it doesn't have the same impact as an annual salary increase.
Provide equal opportunity for development across region and function
In AH R&D we need more people to support our infrastructure.  We need dedicated report writers so we aren't paying a Vet's or Sr. Analyst's salary wasting time on formatting a report. A report writer could have the report near completion by the end of a study.  Vet/Analyst would add in the results and conclusion.  A report writer can assure CVM comments are incorporated into our documents. We need a true document management group.  A group to maintain our SOPs, to control documents,  If there are branding issues this group could handle it.  A document management group could incorporate CVM comments into our documents.  how will all the FLEx center documents be controlled? We need an R&D IT management group, to inventory, and oversee the compliance status of our systems.
More people manager training on successful team building and meeting facilitation Discussion and recognition that ageism exists at Merck.   20+ year high performing employees at Merck want to continue to be contributors and have the capacity to learn new skills.   Need to redefine the Sales representative role to include policy certifications to be able to engage with customers in more digital platforms
to be able to play a key role in developing new drugs in case of pandemics
Making sure we feel connected to the company and our teams again despite the increasing distance created by increasing use of home office and no-fixed desks policies. Support employees with purchasing of proper desk equipment for home office.
Continuing in this great environment
continue wit expedition 25 and not be afraid to call out whats on hold or whats being changed if a portion isnt working out as intended
balance the family time with work time. at this point working 15 hours a day does not allow to have a family time
With the pace of change occurring across our industry and company, we need to prioritize the 1-2 changes that are most important but don't try and prioritize all. Focus on the critical changes that improve our compliance and move us forward with industry
Empower the employees to not only come with ideas, but to experiment and execute on them without all the approvals and alignment we tend to go through. Give more flexibility in the little things and only involve the deliberate processes when they are absolutely needed.
Emphasize on the work home life balance
Incorporate flexible working methods for all staff including scientists
As per Q 30 - need to look at change processes versus risk based approved in a control quality and safety environment to help make changes quicker (different level of change )
I am excited waiting for a carrer plan here in MSD Joinville, and then I will be able to see where I was, where I am and where I can be.
Find ways to streamline and simplify processes and decisions.  Put effort into broad efforts to fully understand and improve key work processes.  Document the activities and decision points and makers to make it easier for people to engage.  Encourage all to look out for the good of the company, not optimize in their area.
Merck still operates in silos both at a divisional level and a functional level. There is little to no accountability for leaders who do not demonstrate and enterprise mindset. This needs to change in order to (a) improve the working environment, and (b) improve our business outcomes.  Moreover, the company is incredibly risk averse in nearly every dimension (clinical, regulatory, quality, business). This has put us behind our peer companies.
simplify decision making and administrative tasks and approval levels
improve efficiency and increase empowerment of employees
1) must commit to investing in top priority and future capabilities today.  Not to be swayed by short term pressures of P&L outcome and short-change our future 2) must deeply look at why some employees are so so busy all the time even though working from home and not in office.  Working from home in front of family members while being busier than before actually does negative things to the family relationships.  3) senior/executive leaders have to walk the talk about accelerating change.  Recently, there is a lot of talk about the need to change, be agile and collaborate for new opportunities and new capabilities, yet when time comes for budgeting and making decisions on priorities and teams, the leaders fall back to the usual ways of P&L first, all risks and uncertainties are brushed aside or pending...
Less rules, more open to the new world to become MSD for the furture
keep on putting effort to balance work-personal life
Better learning for employees, including courses for each employee separately.
Review personnel staffing numbers. Budget constantly cited as reason for non approval of additional resources leading to unmanageable workloads and poor work life balance and high stress.
Business: -Strengthening the innovative portfolio by an acquisition/merger not only for growth purposes but also to distribute the risk that is currently focused on Keytruda. Internal: -Activating people and shifting to a new culture considering the virtual working conditions. We need to spend less time on calls and more time on projects. Employees and even teams can do it to a certain level. It's the organization that needs to drive this change top down.
Continue to make the world a better and healthier place
Evaluate the consequences on workload and work/life balance when many new projects, work processes, management systems and tasks are implemented at high pace.
Help people to maintain work-life balance, deliver resources to create a good place for working from home, present an understanding that work from home is a real challenge sometimes.
we need clear messages, simple structure, focus on results far ahead of all - we run a business not an office. We should be faster, effective...
Work resources such as flexibility of setting meeting and rerun VDO should be persistently utilized over time in order to revise some interesting part of content and for some doctors who miss the virtual meeting or 24-hour rerun due to their unavoidable reasons.
Develop more good leaders and value all stake holders.. Continue to develop blockbuster drugs
Inclusive leaders, current managing director of my market is not a prolific leader and I believe it has taken down the momentum of the company. I also believe MSD should continue to put patients first. And finally MSD should strive towards thinking beyond the pill and ensuring digital development and medical review is enhanced and promoted.
More freedom for hybrid work models, part home part site based.
Be transparent with employees about long term goals.
Merck should walk the talk more specifically. Telling that they are working on a healthier work place is one, but you need to act like it as well. How much new projects / initiatives can be started. Telling the ones that need to do the work, just let me know when you need help or when it does not fit, does not help. The company should be more aware of the amount of work linked to actions and figure out if it still fits and make decisions upfront in stead of just sending it down the rain pipe and wait what will happen. Does management knows what is on the table and what is being asked to do. Set priorities and be clear in what can be stopped.
I think MSD has been amazing through my time within the company as well as through COVID period. I don't know any other company that has been so flexible and good with its employees.
Recognise  the value of present business to have a growing future.. Reduce number of project and deliver as state of art the ones that design and ensure the future.
Manage work life balance
- continue invest in talent/ people - be more competitive compensation and benefit for key talents - balance resource allocation between onco and other TA (as in some countries other TA still the biggest revenue driver) - more investment to innovative ideas
An on-site gym would be a great asset for MSD employees for both their mental and physical health as well as the social element it would bring.
Flexibility on performing home office from other countries, especially during this covid time
I think there are too many roadblocks to get even the simplest of thing done, also I think there is too much emphases on producton with less on supplychain and both areas should have the same emphasis as you cant have one without the other.
Workload is quite high at the moment, is there a way to remove some of the non-urgent tasks from the list (or postpone for few months)
Employee and his family heath care, please revise and improve the family care polices , it will help to improve personnel safety and security for all employees.
Be less strict towards digital tools and take more advantage of new trendy tools. We should evolve faster in a digital environment that is permanently moving !
Offer more career perspective possibilities and make this a pro-active item instead of re-active; have Dean Li inform the organisation what he really wants as it's very unclear now; provide deeper insights why MRL spends billions of dollars but unclear in what actually; provide clearer guidance on the future of the organisation, especially leading up to Loss of Exclusivity for Keytruda in a few years - what are the alternatives and how we're going to plug the gap
More individual and proactive approach to compensations.
Stay out of politics and focus on inventing life saving medicines and vaccines.
I think the excellent work has already been done, and we will see the company´s growing more and more within it´s businesse´s
take care of its workforce like many other companies have done specially during the pandemic -- take a page out of Google playbook.
Continue to focus on our mission statement and company objectives while looking ahead.
MSD should launch new products and should work on developing new molecules nd vaccines
more rapid decision making, less goverance and more action oriented
Please add medical coverage benefit (Medicover, Sante). MSD is one of a few exceptions in CZ/Prague who do not have such benefit for their employees.
Make the strong effort to prioritize work and provide more ways for automation and technology to help employees be more productive.
Implementation of strategies from top to bottom level of employee need to be monitored. All the BU should have same kind of employee benefits. Need to bring more products to Indian market to drive growth in business as well as career of the employee.
While we support employees, I don't thing we should promote personal political agendas or "movements".  Empathy for those going through difficult times is a good thing, but care when voicing support.  Not everyone believes in the same things.
Simplify Decision-making
It is important that everyone takes ownership for the work that they are assigned.
improve our management, which is getting more and more dysfunctional.
At the site that I am in; the leadership has been in place for decades. It is an uphill battle to try to bring new ideas to the table and to suggest different approaches to the same issues the site had had some time. There are persons in leadership positions that are misogynist, that have no respect for others ideas and that seat in fake pedestals of leadership; when the facilities and its equipment are falling apart. The new projects being brought in to the site lack quality and are doomed to have the same outcome the rest of the facilities and systems currently experience, due to same leadership.
1. Continue to strengthen culture of reimaging WOW, D&I and the comfortableness to speak up to drive innovations and enhance quality of work 2. Leaders to empower more, connect more opportunities to experiment at regional/global projects or network. Take more risk in people development for those talents/people to learn and improve themselves. 3. HR should be consider for talent discussion/career opportunities/retain like others = the feeling to feel fair for any positions at Merck/MSD.  4. Create an open inspiring environment/working location/facilities to inspire for collaborations and inspire for initiatives 5. Enhance Well being support for employees - support sport clubs, or account for virtual exercise with trainers
I need more equipment (like monitor, desk, room, healthy snacks, etc) from MSD Turkey at home to be able to work ergonomic and healthy way. Nowadays, all I here from my colleagues and how I feel is "burnout"  and main reason to that is imbalanced work-life balance. Our job at MMD is operational and with covid, it increased a lot, that created more problems and requires more time for us to work. Working from home gives the flexibility but when I endlessly work, I find no time to breathe. Also all the local restrictions to not go out in weekends and afternoons leaves us no time to spend outside of home. So it would be great to have some time like Friday afternoon to get away from work and go out to "BREATHE".
I believe it will be great in the future to work in the office and from home as well as working from home for me had increased my performance.
Be less political. Be driven by the science.
Continue to invest in people and providing opportunities for growth and development.
More in-sourcing instead of outsourcing abroad.
continue to evaluate synergies across the organization and transform to realize the benefits of these synergies  continue to attract talent - by providing competitive compensation packages continue to remain flexible to allow team members to juggle the pressures outside of work (especially through the pandemic)
Keep employees updated as to the status of the working environment
Be more definitive about the IT Transformation and its impact on jobs as personnel mapping phases begin
Keep race, religion and politics out of the workplace.
Stay involved in political issues that impact the industry
allow people with a lower education to get promotions based on work experience and accomplishments
Leave Policy to be relooked by HR.
Invest in education to develop existing resources to the transformational efforts taking place
Start IT support from the ground up.  Strive to be best in class with this.
Stop vending so many of our jobs to external contractors; revert outsourced jobs to employee. Protect our future, build loyalty, keep Merck intelligence in-house. Keep the talent and knowledge in our company, with our company. Reduce reliance on external resources who have no vested interest in our long-term success and take the experience we give them here to their next job at another company. Create opportunity for job-level advancement within our own company and our own organizations. Have more employee positions available instead of giving so many of our jobs to external contractors, stagnating employees and quashing professional growth. Create opportunity for lateral movement or upward advancement so we can thrive and continue more directly to the growth of our company and deliver on our mission.
Continue to support work/life balance.  Be open to new ways of working in terms of virtual arrangements.  We've been doing it for over a year.  It has it's challenges but seems to be working.
Increase travel costs compensation, since relocating is almost impossible nowadays.
Since I joined the company in august 2020 I have been strugeling with a very agresive and difficult team, that has not shared how they work and also I have felt bullied in several ocasions. A small part of the team has supported me and helped me find my way. Today I feel stronger and some things are changing. Still, during the difficult times I did not feel support from HR.
I would like to see MSD exploring latest trends and experimenting with things like 4 day workweek or Friday afternoons off, striving to improve the physical and mental health of employees.   Additionally more could be done or communicated around Climate Change. We should strive to be an exemplar company with our impact. For example shifting to renewable energy for our production facilities and offices, or encouraging virtual meetings or train travel over flights when possible.
Continue with the investments in research and development and creating a friendly enviroment of inclusion and diversity.
Simplify process, empower teams
Work Life Balance is a constant theme I am hearing from my team. There need to be actual steps and actions taken to address the amount of work that people have been pressed with.
Merck needs to diversify the products base and invest in next-generation of therapeutic drug discovery.  Merck needs to adopt technology that speed up new drug discovery as well as new ways to target customers.
Give opportunities to staff you actually have capabilities and have a career aspiration.
Improve the talent and retention strategy. Be more flexible and less bureaucratic. Not all processes and rules can be applied to all. Accept the exceptions and non-routine actions.
to break the stereotypes and see what really matters
The company needs to invest in the basic research need to drive discovery and innovation. Requiring pipeline deliverables such as DTRC and TADAR goals take away the creative part and learning opportunities to understand the biology which ultimately drive innovation. Obviously some part of the company need this but without the former, all pharma companies will forever buy their assets instead of creating their own.
Diversify our products more.
As a global company with ingrained values of diversity and inclusion, and working from silos to networks, it would be great to have a bigger chance to work in different markets and countries.
I appreciate the humanity that Ken Frazier and our executive leadership exhibit both in our internal communications as well as external affairs such as taking a stand against the anti-democratic voting laws recently passed and partnering with a competitor to boost production of life-saving Covid-19 vaccines. Showing moral and ethical leadership is nearly as important to supporting the company's reputation as being an industry leader IMO. Let's stay true to these values!
innovative product  Predictive marketing Develop new generation with knowledge ,abilities and creativity
Allow more than 12 visits a year to our customers, be in alignment with pay and bonus, increase internet and cell dollar amounts to reps.
Continue to find ways to simplify decision making and to make decisions at the "right" level.  Allow for more "outside the box" thinking & solutions versus reliance on business processes and past experiences/lessons learned.
Listen to the bottom line engineers and add additional support where required, recently it seems like the goal is "how can we squeeze out even more" when they are mostly tapped out already after being squeezed out the first 3 times
Stop putting barriers in the way with our internal rules and processes
I think the company is doing a day by day work on this and we are in a better position than some years ago
I feel we haven't adapted our ways of working as effectively as some competitors when dealing with our customers in the current Covid situation. Remote working is likely to be the main basis of our work for the remainder of 2021 realistically and I feel we are less prepared for that than other companies, which has been reflected by some recent feedback from large customers. Hopefully the experiences of the last year will make a more flexible attitude to balancing work and family life 'the norm' and has demonstrated that retention of staff improves with better flexibility and awareness of home pressures
Continue to take measure to ensure Merck has a solid financial future.  Continue the drive to eliminate social injustice in our company and support efforts externally that support such efforts.
Manager training is key to the success of Merck and MSD.  Managers have a tough job because they need to understand the personalities of their direct reports and try to use this information to help inspire them to be their best!! I have been at Merck for 19 years and have greatly appreciated the quarterly or bi-yearly Skip-level meetings.  It is also important to feel that your voice is heard and have sight to the bigger picture.  By knowing where your work fits into the success of the overall plan is motivating!
At times the work weeks are really busy and it would help to have bi-weekly quite or rest days to allow catching up with work and training.
Continuing to provide events/ ways to connect during this pandemic so that people maintain being healthy and have a feeling of being connected to other coworkers around them
Continue to use technology to ensure processes can be efficient, effective, and able to change to respond to environment/needs rapidly.
Adjust workload and provide more ressources. High workload & Home office often leads to very high number of hours worked and decreased work/life balance benefits
Ensure we don't loose focus. Multiplication of company-wide initiatives and global/local communication campaigns on various topics on top of business priorities make it more and more challenging for people managers (and colleagues in general) to keep up with the flow of information, set up an action plan if required and do a proper implementation and follow-up.
Utilize their diversity department to evaluate lack of diversity in key roles
be very clear about our mission- I work in Vaccines and several years back, there was significant focus on "globalizing our business"- more doses to more people.  Now we are back to focusing on highest income markets given our ability to compete in markets where other manufacturers sell at very low prices. We need to develop a clear mission, declare it and rally all behind it.
I feel so overwhelmed with all the processes and the many places to go to find what you need.  I feel like it should be easier.  I spend way too much time trying to figure out what needs to be done in certain situations.
Focus on work-life balance Enable personnel development and growth not only within job but also into new positions (Review Talent Management as is being done right now, ensure that all positions going forward are posted consequently etc.)
add resources to enable work to be completed
I think Merck should continue to enhance and build upon its great safety, diversity & inclusion practices, and the opportunities to grow and experience new opportunities.  We do these really well now, and can continue to hone these to really touch upon everyone in the company to really have everyone truly connect and satisfied with what they are doing and what they can do to grow into their next role.  I would like to see us to further hone opportunities that might enable programs like One-Ten and Year-Up to further have a great impact here, and look forward to us continuing to grow and evolve as a company to support these initiatives.
To reduce bureaucracy, to improve the global systems
Think globally but implement locally - local conditions / environment needs to be better heard. Respecting non-US culture, ways of working is also important part of inclusion and diversity.
Rather then invest and be insistent have deploying the worst possible antivirus tools as if that's some badge of honor for our ITRMS we should pick the best antivirus that money can buy (pick one) and go with that. Now what we have just makes are computers slow and unstable and for no good reason. Just because someone has a slick sales team or gives software away for free does not mean its best of breed. Merck should follow the example Sophie pharma they they constantly evaluate their antivirus tools to make sure they are getting what they are paying for and that they work. Merck's tools are good for burning CPU cycles and causing your computer to crash and freeze. We can and must do better its the year 2021...
Be aggressive in business development.   Why did we give away the Moderna technology?
Better leadership, transparency/communication, cross-functional connections, and support for employees. Merck/MSD is tackling a lot. My suggestion would be to cut the "nice to haves" or focus it in a very specific way by launching focus tams (rather than requesting the "nice to have" broadly), and then direct focus on the "need to haves" that will bring benefit. This will reduce employee stress, too, because at the moment we are being spread thin, and that doesn't make much sense from a business perspective or a human health perspective (if we are compromising the health of our employees) nor does it bode well for retention. While it is great to innovate and get things done in new/better ways, it is often a waste because someone else has automated the task without sharing. In addition to sharing, gaining credit for the innovation (negative politics, rather than collaboration) gets in the way and lessens the value of innovation.
Continue to focus on prioritization and giving employees flexibility to achieve results
Concentrate on the mission - develop and strengthen the medicines that the patients need. Don't let outside issues interfere with the goal. Stay out of politics!!!
There seems to be no flexible work arrangements available such as part-time or job-sharing options. It is either all or nothing. That is disheartening when other priorities must be relegated to the sidelines because there is no give with work. it is non-stop demanding work and that makes it seem if you need to take care of yourself and family, the only option is to leave.
1. Standardize ways of working within ExM organization 2. Try to get better connections between internal sites and ExM and sharing of best practices 3. Ensure business reasons are "not" driving inclusion of sub-standard CMOs (in terms of compliance) within ExM organization 4. Embrace digital technologies 5. Remove non-value added work  6. Empower FFT and also leverage on CMOs expertise to reduce level of oversight
Continue the Diversity and Inclusion agenda, encourage  team members to continue to "speak up", digital and simplification of processes where possible,.
Its a waste of time and effort answering this question as based on review of previous surveys that highlighted particular problems with pay and benefits - management did not want or/and avoided any discussions , when asked to come back with review they didn't on the expectation that it will be gone for next survey - this is third/ fourth survey and  I expect the same again (POINTLESS)
Unrealistic expectations especially in the realm of project work. Employees are working ridiculous hours to meet the unrealistic dates that Merck has set for various milestones
Provide flexibility of being in or out of the office.  Continue to provide updates on where the company is headed.
- Centralized and visible support to functional best practices and tools for various core workgroups such as engineering, supply chain, manufacturing, etc.   - Better understanding of forecast confidence brackets for the various disciplines and development phases, such as engineering design, testing, qualification, sales, R&D, etc. to allow realistic expectations and management of funds for capital expenditures, head count, etc. (e.g., cost estimating confidence brackets as defined in ACCE guideline 59R-10) - HR supported visibility to professional development training.  Exposure to core concepts through online or in person (or virtual) learning like presentations, interactions with others (customer service is actually a surprisingly helpful one), organizational skills, developing a 5 year plan, etc. not only helps to develop skills but also helps employees feel connected and can be a good team building activity if done as a group with a live instructor.
support compatibility of family and career (flexible work models, home office, women in leadership positions even in part-time etc.)
individualize professional development, taking holistic employee into account.
i work 10-12 hours a day, i can't sustain this.  i work weekends.  i cannot continue to do this.  why can't we have any help?  i am responsible for 100% of everything that comes across my desk, if i can't do some administrative function, i have to try to find training and train myself to do it.  can't anyone ever help us?    just a little?  Senior management and executives get help, why can't I get any help?  why can't we hire?  its too much work, and people leave as soon as they can.  You are driving us out.  i don't feel that i am compensated for this much work, i don't even know if want to be compensated for the extra work, just hire somebody to help me.  no one will listen but we need help.  im only minorly affected by company in company, but really? where is the backfilling?   i'm waving the white flag, send help
that the company provides accurate and timely information and support to employees.
Keep Good working environment and work on motivating personnel especially when it comes to career and potential  promotion within same team or same Department
Strengthen local leadership and resources. Focus on teambuilding and team culture. Simplify ways of working. Especially SAP and vendor issues. Strengthen administrative roles so that all employees can focus on doing their jobs.
work on the Empowering aspect of WOW.
I am very satisified with the way Merck has treated us during this pandemic.  Working from home has been a game changer.
The pipeline prioritization  is one .  Also always think in patients , first  the no left pat behind principle is crucial and aligned in the company mission . And also the scientific perspective of the company looking for new molecules and innovative treatments .
Continue to launch more Diversity and Inclusion events!
target the most onerous and bureaucratic business systems for improvement in the digital transformation strategy.  the Change Control process is a great example that is burdened by regulatory assessment.
I love the company as a whole because it aligns with my values and principles.  MSD offers opportunities for personal development which inspires us to aspire for positions vertically.  However, sometimes it seems that our culture manifests perfectionism which in essence translates to being unforgiving.  People are afraid to commit mistakes for fear of getting humiliated, embarrassed.
The company should provide the appropriate Resources (headcount, time) to allow for a better work-life balance all while still working towards achieving the goals we need meet based on the company's priorities.
-  Reduce internal bureaucracy -  Make business processes simpler -  Improve ways of Decision Making:  Currently too many people involved in business decisions who don't bring added value to the decision - Reduce Strategic - Operational Imbalance (today too many strategic people) - Improve Digital Transformation: Tangable projects  -  focus on a couple of cross divisional systems  -  today too many systems and tools  in place and under development  without being linked to each other!  - provide easy access to all the systems and tools. give more empowerment to the users - give them more trust     stop outsourcing every business process and creating a ticket-world in which problems are only shifted and not resolved anymore -  lose of flexibility and control. - Shift to new working model:  Create working cells of 15 people from different functions at very flat hierarchy and a lot of power!  short problem evaluation,   quick problem solvment and prompt execution!     -
Connect people from different teams, C level to juniors and listen to their voice. Entire Leadership team sits in US only, therefore I do not find enough diverse perspective, decision is made there. I don't feel empowered enough to innovate nor cooperate with other teams, miss shared priorities and transparency.
Continue to communicate and share.
To ensure we continue to hire qualified individuals to fill open positions
Further lean into innovation e.g. new go to market models, partnerships with digital health providers.  Be ambitious with a "post-Organon" vision for Merck.  Accelerate bold BD moves to augment the pipeline.
Give greater transparency to how talent is developed at Merck.
Reduce Divisional Silos and great company wide metrics instead of divisional
The pandemic has been challenging globally, however, the silver lining is I really learned and feel everyone has learned new ways of working, so that we were able to successfully accomplish our goals and actually excel at getting things done well.  Just one example, in the past sitting in a conference room in person with some people on the phone at a remote location -you really had to consciously stop and think about making sure we were listening to and getting the ideas of the people on the phone.  I think because of the experience of the last year with many working remotely, we have all become much better and being inclusive in those kinds of on-line meetings, it is a much more level playing field!
I am seeing prioritization / decision making at the top, but it needs to make it's way down. We have so much on our plates right now and if we can't have more resources, we need to really focus on the most important tasks. We need the time and space to focus on our people, not just the pipeline. Merck has so many different resources, including EBRGs, but we just aren't able to make time to use / access them all.
Full time remote working arrangements should not only be allowed but encouraged. Unless absolutely critical to your job function (like running experiments in a lab), no one should be required to come into the office. The health benefits go well beyond staying safe from COVID. The common flu spreads in the office environment every year. Many employees feel like it is a badge of honor to come into the office even when sick to show their dedication to the company. I personally don't feel safe coming back into a crowded office environment, even with reduced occupancy.
Investment in technology Automate manual processes where it is possible Bring more consistency in the way different teams work, align processes between the teams
Focus on R&D, employees empowerment. With respect to time.and his contribution toward making great organisation.skill development and creating dynamic work place.
Product innovation.  Eliminate leftist messaging from Human Resources What ever happened to promoting males over 40 years of age?
Having more resources to evenly distribute workload.
more open about requirements for promotion, separate M and R ladder in discovery chemistry so that managers can actually focus on managing people. I've seen coworkers neglected in their career development because their manager is too project focused
The external group needs to be reassessed in terms of  workload and hiring more personnel. Additionally, it seems like Merck doesn't take external groups into consideration when creating global procedures and training
Address the fact that people who are on the autism spectrum are abundant and already working in research. Stop tip-toeing around the fact that they exist, and there are real struggles between those who are neurodiverse and neurotypical.  Realize that sometimes, while it's not their fault, it can be difficult for a neurodiverse person to teach a neutotypical person in the way that they learn best and vice versa.
Continue to support employees in all walks of life.  Continue and encourage that people have families they need to care for.  Lower barriers to bring in new IT tools.
We are always being challenged to do more with less faster.  I feel that the leanness this has created has left the group understaffed and overworked/overstressed.  Would be good to revisit realistic resource models for present day assumptions on the pipeline and workflows.
Help to communicate how different global initiatives should be prioritized across division and at site.
Think more on people's healthy way of working, encouraging employees to have a right balance work-personal life
Keeping the communication open with upper management.
Please consider a mid year shut down as a forced break around 7/4 would be ideal. Employees are reluctant to take time off with so much happening and keeping on top of their responsibilities.   Possibly consider a condensed work week as other large corporations do. Summer Fridays cannot be utilized by all groups or departments and a solution is necessary for those who can’t participate.   Also, the vacation policy changed and has left some of the employees with more tenure with less vacation time than new employees. This is creating an issue and people are disgruntled. Perhaps a universal amount of time for everyone should be considered.
Improved integrated IT systems and joined up thinking between groups would greatly improve productivity
Stay up on Diversity & Inclusion helping people & contributions feel significant.
Be open to new innovative ideas across all levels and teams
1- Focus on building strong leaders and invest in people that is the biggest opportunity  2- Focus on future and innovative medicine that can lead growth in the future .
-Employee input allowing employees to share knowledge and input to keep them engaged. -Employee empowerment to use discretion and common sense to everything from problem solving to flexible working arrangements. -Excellent communication from top to bottom.
Strengthen inter-departments communication Find ways to engage more people in social or informal events
Make the performance review process more objective.
Daily work hours have increased with remote working situation. Meetings scheduled earlier and email traffic at unprecedented levels. Limited  opportunity to step away from workstation throughout the day therefore too much sitting throughout the day without proper breaks. Email traffic out of control. With so many of us remote working there was opportunity to establish 'work/life balance'. That opportunity was unfortunately overlooked.
Just keep putting employees first as they always do.
Continue the dialogue - where the company is headed, our priorities, any shifts (external/internal).  It's nice to hear from our senior leaders especially when working from home - makes me feel more connected with where we are going as a company.
Not rely on nepotism. Promote from within.
Reduce the number of sites/systems used so people can find info easier and not have to remember so many systems.
For the digital strategy we need to ensure we have the infrastructure (wifi) in place to get the best benefit and not have a hybrid digital and paper system, where I fear we may end up as this will impact out compliance posture.
Get live feedback from areas being impacted by new software before doing a full launch. I think this can be performed from trial use of new software programs being used in areas for work performance before rolling them out. New programs that were added last year increased non-value added work and workflow. Trends that we use to run in 5-10 minutes started taking 1-3hours because the new software was not responding appropriately and/or didn't have the trends we needed to perform our work.
We are always work together to achieve our target.  will keep maintain and work for our mission.
Merck is incredibly conservative - sometimes to a fault.
Put an emphasis on retaining talent.
Stay out of politics.
Invest appropriately on resources needed in key areas (people, sales & marketing promotions etc) so that we don't get left behind
Merck should take a hard look at the pipeline and focus on products that will generate growth and positive patient outcomes.
In wanting to become to BEST oncology company by 2025, we need to know what is occurring in the field. Merck digs in their heels when it comes to ASCO, SGO, ESMO reviews. We are charged with finding things out ourselves, which is difficult because not all information is made public. Also, we need to do a better job at keeping us up-to-date on competitive updates. Sometimes our own label is updated and we don’t find out about it until weeks later. Why is this? We need to step up our game!!!
Encouraging managers of all levels to work with their group instead of against them. I recently changed departments. I went from my managers knowing nothing about the process, to very knowledgeable managers who have a willingness to have new perspectives, and continue to learn. The difference is tremendous. My current managers listen to my suggestions and actually consider them. I feel valued in my new position and it has made an amazing difference for my output at work, as well as my mental health. I feel like a true team member here.
Avoid employee burnout with so many simultaneous meetings and calls from different teams and divisions.
The company has been great with offering flexibility of when/where/how we work during the pandemic.  We should continue to offer flexibility post pandemic as we have proven that we can deliver on work successfully and allowing folks to meet the demands of their work/life balance at the same time.
Have enough employees to cover the work.  We are doing more work, but no added employees to share the workload.  Very stressful.
Eliminate redundancies and non-value-add workstreams.  Solutions to existing and ongoing problems often add their own layers of complexities.  In addressing one problem, the solutions create another.
1) I think working from home in these times has made people more accepting that you can work efficiently and constructively from home and in some cases, even more efficiently and flexible than being on site all the time. I think, people who have proven it works should be allowed continue to work form home if the business can facilitate it.  2) I think its more efficient meeting online than in a meeting room, there is no wasting time, people get straight to the point and meetings rarely drag on beyond the booked time. I3)  think the power of leadership recognition is very underestimated. When I do a good job and its recognized at dept lead level or above, Im driven to perform to the same standard or better the next time,  4) I think  going digital is great, but the introduction of new digital systems to date have happened without a provisional role out to map out any unforeseen obstacles, Once they are implemented then- we feel stuck with them, whereas if we, on the ground had the chance to test drive it  bef
Continue supporting flexible work arrangements and solutions to allow supporting a work / life balance
Work life balance, Flexible home office
Refrain from becoming in any way involved in politics and focus on patients.
Needs more medical reviewers - cannot turn around the approval of materials quick enough and as a result we lose out on opportunities.  Slicker process for PPR's and paying honoraria fees without requiring KAM's to chase up.  Empower KAM's to engage speakers  - waiting on SEL's can often lead to lengthy delays and cancellation of meetings or choose whoever has existing relationship with customer SEL or KAM.
Be more transparent on the next steps of organizational changes
Recognition. Decrease levels of stress. More people needed
Staying and work Healthy
a lot of meetings outside of the hours I would work if I were in the office. I think it is unfair to expect people to be in cars or at personal appointments while being attached to a phone call. I know many can handle this, but I have difficulty in multitasking safely. Also some expectation to work on weekends to get things done with tight timelines can also be a challenge.
Devote resources towards supporting a clear pathway for promotions for R3/R4 level scientists.
While new initiatives are great, it creates a greatly imbalanced work/life. The work still needs to be done, but there's simply not enough hours in a 'normal' 10-hour work day to achieve these goals.
Stop creating barriers that slow down productivity
Continuing to build upon a culture of transparency and valuing ideas and opinions from all levels of the company.  Moving away from a top down style of leadership and embracing the concept that good strategy and ideas thrive when everyone is engaged. Also, embracing the idea that when colleagues are socially connected, they work better in teams.  Working to facilitate this connection is integral to the success of the company.
Hire more full-time resources to handle the workload. Resources are stretched thin, work load is ever-increasing, and contract employees do not take ownership/responsibility. There are not enough hours in the day to keep up.
There is often an imbalance observed between work and home life especially with work from home. There is too much work to be done per person which results in stress and workers missing out on ensuring their personal lives are an equal focus.
I hope the change of leadership do not change the Leadership mindset to ensure we stay focus on researching and delivering products that will help to the well being of people.  We need to keep challenge the ways we do things and the goals to ensure this company will stay strong and attracts stakeholders.  We are doing very good steps regarding Diversity and Inclusion, but we cannot stop and lose momentum as there is great value of having a diverse environment where people of different backgrounds and cultures can bring new ideas to improve the company processes or ways of working.
Continue to focus on what makes the Company special - it's people and consistent leadership
Improved focus on work life balance including people working from home. Review resourcing and better understanding of resource capacity to prevent work from taking over from time with family.
To continue focusing on Diversity and Inclusion
Recognize contributions of employees. Provide easier path to promotion for individuals who have been fulfilling and excelling in roles at a higher level than they are currently compensated at for extended periods of time.
the company does a lot to protect work/life balance but we don't do a great job enforcing.  For example, employees get adequate vacation days but hardly anyone takes all their vacation days and many use vacation days to catch-up on email and get called for 'urgent' requests.
Career opportinities
walk the talk regarding D&I and speak up
for me, MSD is already a great place to work
Better work - life balance.  I feel overwhelmed daily due to the amount of tasks that are pushed at myself and my team from both our local facility and from above site.  We are tasked with way too many items which all "take priority" - so therefore, we do not actually know what the priority is or should be in order to be successful.   There are also multiple documents and systems we have to report into in order to complete the simplest tasks making opportunities for error and failure extremely high.   Focus should be on simplifying tasks to the level required to make the teams successful.  I can see glimpses of this coming through in recent updates to Standards and Procedures, but this area needs lots of work. With all of these internal and external pressures on our teams - it generates stress that resonates into the evening and often time the weekends.  I understand the need to for the company dynamics to shift given the current state of the world, but we need to focus on our employee
The company is doing a fantastic job in all sectors which includes continue to keep the safety the top priority, very good work life balance, providing necessary resources for the work and personal benefits and excellent Diversity and inclusion.
They don't listen to older/senior employees so why bother.
Move from a 7-day work week to a 5-day work week.  Working 7 days in a row is not realistic for some people.  For example, I take care of my parents on weekends who are both disabled.  So for me to get my work completed as a manager, I must work weekend nights or long days during the work week because a 7-day amount of work is required.
the tasks assigned to the role and the level of responsibility that comes with it should be adequately rewarded. The salaries offered by MSD are much lower than their counterparts in other companies I know. if we have any market analyzes, they are not public, which is why the remuneration policy raises a lot of questions and rumors I value the standards of our company and the fact that we want to be the best, but I would like to make a difference so that being the best is reflected in the amount of salary
I will revamp the leadership on the basis of diversity of ideas and no on demographics and color of skin
Re-evaluate the scope of external work required.  We currently have an enormous amount of work generated by suppliers that we must evaluate.  We a
Align the  financial resources according to strategic project needs, i.e. before deciding a business driven ramp-down, carefully consider pipeline, near-future projects and resources needed to execute. Improve /further improve IT systems functionality, assure seamless technical conditions as they are introduced (SIP) Continue the great progress achieved so far in people management, through the Leadership capabilities/skills development, this is much appreciated:)
Continue to give permission to staff to flex their way of working and their work hours as challenges of the pandemic persist
A complete overhaul from the top on down.  Too many people performing unnecessary tasks at high levels.  Stop just creating positions for higher ups that are not necessary.  Start paying attention to systems that are rolled out and when rolled out disaster hits.  Start taking a look at site deficiencies and figure out why systems are not working - ex:  computer systems.  Start being accountable at corporate levels as the small sites need you as a resource and right now no accountability.  Sites receiving HR support from other sites does not work - HR support is non-existent.  As demonstrated in this survey, you only want comments that you want to hear, why not comments on each question?  You don't want to hear the whole truth about Merck.
Appreciate the Employees more.  Put in place managers to care for the well being of each one and not just how he/she succeeds.  Ask AM I OK!!
work arrangement flexibility
-Need to improve our compensation for Band 400 Upper and Band 500 (Associate Directors and Directors). We are losing candidates to other pharma and cannot retain talent due to our compensation policy. - Address poor performers more aggressively while supporting those who are struggling.
Allow folks to continue working from home indefinitely to promote maximum work life balance, particularly for those with disabilites and other unique challenges
Sort out competing work streams/decision making processes in project leadership (e.g. PDT, DCT, WG, Site, Above Site, Regulatory, Marketing).  Get visibility to above site teams on site manufacturing processes, procedural processes, and document/project tools at the various sites, particularly for the programs they are working for without disrupting the site activities.  Provide visibility of the physical configurations of products being worked on from the packaging that a pharmacist or patient may open, down through the primary packaging and device components, to the dosage forms of the drug product for each MK number to give connection to the project teams for what they are developing, commercializing, maintaining, or improving.
Permanently adopt work-from-home options after this pandemic is over
Focus on what we do, the research and development of pharmaceuticals, and nothing else. This is the bread and butter of our business, nothing else.
Utilize the results of quarantine - many of us work exceptionally well from home and would like the option to continue at least hybrid work arrangements post-COVID
Remember George Merck's promise to focus on our patients and in order to keep that focus, provide tools and resources for all employees to do their jobs well.
Really need to think through office space and the ways that people work, function by function, and the impact on Merck culture to have a work force that will be largely remote except for core senior people, who will not be as impacted by the open space model (e.g., reserving a desk, having a locker, limited availability of confidential spaces).
Current state is that people actually can't take vacation (except for very end of the year). There is no such thing as coverage or delegation in MMD. When you leave for your own purposes, you leave a hole. If you ever left for more than a few days, you will suffer at year end. Leaders and people managers do not make it safe to take substantial time for yourself. In the past, you could arrange for coverage. In the past, you could work ahead, and play catch up. Now, we are so lean and working so many hours, this is not possible,
Focus on drug development and sales promotion rather than social justice, diversity signaling, politics and woke messaging.  It is sad that Merck has completely failed to produce products/vaccines for COVID-19, while at the same time putting so much effort at issues like global warming and diversity.  The world needs Merck to develop medicines.
Keep support programs open for employees, continue flexible workspace for working parents, and keep employees in tune with company updates. Create safe environment for all.
The company needs to be laser focused on its most critical priorities.  There are too many competing objectives that dilute focus and put additional stress on our employee base, many of whom are still struggling day to day with juggling work/home demands related to COVID.  We need to back our our claims that the wellness of our employees is important to us by taking visible/high profile steps to stop non-value-added work and focusing our efforts.
Balance the inevitable synergies with the need of maintaining sufficient workpower to deliver adding value activities - transform before reducing!
I think that Merck should evaluate the business process systems and look for ways to streamline them. The systems are so complicated and "bulky" that we spend too much time trying to figure out how to do things and who does what instead of focusing on the higher level activities in our area of expertise. We also have so many hands on projects that we lose transparency on the big picture.
Continue to invest in personal development. More opportunities to get involved in leadership programs. Additionally, continue to develop in technology and IT solutions. Make it easier for employees to have access to IT professionals to assist with troubleshooting.
Please launch new and more molecules in India.
Continue with employee briefings
Overall Merck is an excellent place to work and I am proud to be a sales representative for this company.  I also appreciated the $1000 grant as an incentive and owner of Merck  that was given all employees 3 years ago. This gift did remind me that Stock Options were part of the compensation package at the Sales level a number of years ago.  One suggestion I have  especially now that the company and sales force is significantly smaller is to include Stock options  again as part of the compensation package for representatives that exceed plan. I think this would be a great way to continue to motivate the Sales Force to think like an owner and provide  additional incentive  for employees who have chosen to stay in sales.
An explanation of the career ladder in my area.  A clear understanding of the AIP compensation. It seems as though there are unreachable goals that are listed and it is disenfranchising. If it is unachievable why is it listed. An understanding of why the same employees year after year receive the compensation over achieve awards. It appears that no one else can receive an award.
Better prioritization of pipeline opportunities and better communication of prioritization to make sure we are all putting our most valuable resource: our time in the spots where it will benefit the company the most.
Continue to focus on the needs of Merck employees. If the employees feel protected, they will work harder for the company
Need to increase the number of promotions per cycle.
Please re-evaluate the time required to complete all duties in this new remote environment. I am routinely working longer hours. IT glitches related to SIP and Spectrum are requiring more hours of troubleshooting.  This is a great company to work for. I worry job fatigue will eventually erode this perception for some. The freeze on travel results in reduced down time. The 2-3 hours of travel was a mental break from logging in. This is now gone due to COVID-19 travel restrictions resulting in much longer work days without a break.
I think working from home needs to continue to be an option moving forward
Resource attrition and replacement can be better managed.
Continue to promote alternative/flex work arrangements.  Every employee's situation is different so having this flexibility greatly helps.
Ensure to develop/acquire a robust product pipeline and continue engaging people at the floor shop level
Better understand the labor market and how it applies to all job positions within the company
Continue promoting diversity.
Merck need to ensure the people they are hiring are committed to the company's mission.
Deliver results faster. Often times, it takes weeks to receive approvals on specific projects. We need to expedite our decision making.
to many changes and too many turn-overs
IT support and better technology for the company
Have people managers who focus on the right priorities and who have strong business sense.
Merck has a tendency to overswing on initiatives that involve increasing the proportion of under represented groups in any given area or job level.  This happened several years ago in the US with the Catalyst initiative and is now happening as a result of the racial injustice occurring in the US.  Merck is already a very diverse company and I have seen too many instances where the best person for the job was not hired because we are SO focused on bringing in under represented groups.  I am and will continue to be a vocal supporter of building diverse teams but we are beginning to overswing.
Leadership teams should encourage a better time management, reducing the workload and allow people to improve work and free time balance. For instance, to issue rules to limit virtual meetings length, free time between meetings, etc.
Provide resources to support the implementation of technology to help us move to the future. The systems related technology is out-of-date and without appropriate resources, we are managing using these systems and building new systems for the future. Much of IT is disconnected with no insight to the overarching strategy even divisionally.
Continue to allow WFH into the future as it creates a better work/life balance and allows work to get done more efficiently.
Increase salary
Continued flexibility for employees to manage home/work responsibilities.  Less assigned individual space, and more  conference space for small and large F2F meetings.  But, be aware that many times spaces are reserved and then not used, so need to have a good system to manage that.
Merck has always been a great place to work and regardless of the Pandemic, all resources and workforce continued to deliver beyond expectations.  I wish that the rewarding process would have taken all the struggles and challenges we had to face to meet our goals into consideration to better reward employees.  After a very tough year where many of us had not only material losses but family loss, the rewarding process was not meaningful.  I guess this is one of the important steps to maintain workforce pleased and continue to deliver above.
I wouldn't change a thing.  Merck does an amazing job creating an environment that empowers individuals to contribute and celebrate in the success of the overall mission
Capitalize on better work-life balance
value life and Christian principles in its methodology in discovering & producing products
Really, truly define the role of Digital at Merck. Today, efforts are fragmented and funding for projects is a political battle with MMD-IT. Tons of resources spent in Prague with no tangible outcome, MMD groups finding ways to get things done without IT, teams pursuing technologies because its their favorite toy or they know someone at the vendor. We need a single, overarching Digital Strategy!
Have clear priorities that are well-supported by resources
to pursue to communicate our medicines for patients and them benefices; to accentue our communication to protect planet
-Continue on the path of diversity and inclusion as a priority. -Expand opportunities for promotion and career growth.
Continue to support employees and provide flexible work arrangements.
Focus on the patients and the business. It's great that the company supports it's employees through tough times but it needs to continue to evolve with the science so we can get out to our customers.  And a comment to question #11, not every manager/DCO is open minded and values diverse opinions without negative consequences, that is a form of bias.
Avoid the temptation to focus on crisis management to the detriment of innovative capability building that will serve the company for years to come.  Recognizing we must protect the business today, in MRL and DSCS, we have a great responsibility to create the medicines of tomorrow and evolve our approach to deliver them at faster and at higher quality than we have previously.  Culture trickles down from one rung to the next, and it's important to not only protect the culture at departmental gatherings/town halls, but also in smaller/individual conversations between Senior LT and middle managers.  In many cases, M3s/M4s are the emotional and functional memory of the organization.
Support staff so they can work reasonable hours.
Focus on the wellbeing of the employees.
Find more opportunities for innovation (beyond MRL), continue to improve WoW across divisions, support mall company or start up mentality within certain markets or smaller team/org to help challenge the limitations of being a very large corporation.  Don't waste opportunities that COVID has presented to modernize and challenge how we work - make bold choices for the future; we cannot afford to play it safe in all regards.
Remain open to new ideas and perspectives.
Reprioritize work so that workloads are more manageable with reduced headcount/tight resources and employees aren't forced to consistently work outside of their normal hours or be forced to sacrifice family/personal time in order to be successful at their career.  Other departments are also tight and we're unable to help each other successfully manage periods with peak resource demands (and those periods often align between the groups).
Decrease the level of bureaucracy, increase the employees possibilities to have some kind of a work-life-balance.
Focus on Science/Deliverables.
Leadership development program for average employees.
I think that the company should continue the path it's on.
Recognize that people are finding it difficult to balance life and work.
Recognize that headcount can be a serious issue that limits productivity and results. Also understand that the ideal work life balance for everyone is different and flexible work arrangement should be encouraged and respected.
get a grip on the reality of the competitive environment we now operate in and adjust our salaries accordingly, revise the HR policies around promotion and advancement and put the decision making back in the organizations vs. HR - we are closest to the shop floor and know when our people are ready, recognize the value of deep experience and encourage development and PROMOTION in place vs. position hopping to "create breadth"
Give employees psychological safety and encourage flexible work arrangements. Maintain transparency and active dialogue, favoring "overcommunication" to highlight commitment to standards and actions. This is especially true for current events outside of the workplace.  Further support and systematize gigs/short-term assignments, especially within MMD, to allow for employees to move across divisions if interested.
Continue to support the COVID environment
Continue to keep us up to date as things change.
In the spirit of diversity and inclusion, leadership should consider the diverse opinions of our workforce regarding current political environment and social issues in the US.  When leadership takes the side of political majority, it is alienating others who do not share the same viewpoints, even leaving them to feel that they cannot voice their perspectives without being judged and seen as wrong / bad people.  Where the goal is inclusion of person and thought, leadership is silencing the diverse voices and perspectives we all bring.  We need a framework for how to bring diversity and inclusion in our day to day work, staying focused on providing medicines for the people who need them.
I believe that Merck & MSD should be intentional about hiring diverse group of people. Our CEO has said several times that Merck has more work to do with making sure there are a mix of diversity as you go down the line in the organization; unfortunately, you still see Whites in leadership rolls. You might see 1 or 2 African American, Hispanic, or even Asian. However, the majority are White.
Focusing on # of initiatives that are doable within a year at 80% of resources time (knowing that we need breaks throughout the day + time off)
Continue to challenge traditional ways of doing things.  A lot of the "old school" or "traditional" mindset exists.
Build awareness to everyone to prevent yourself from cancer .
METTRE DU CONTACT ENTRE LES COLLABORATEURS EN PRESENTIEL QUAND LA SITUATION SANITAIRE LE PERMETTRA
Merck is still very wary of funding and moving forward on projects that involve any type of innovation. Within our teams, we have been trying so hard to instill a culture of  embracing innovation especially automation but the support we receive from our leaders  has been minimal.   Additionally, I think Merck has a glut of talent with no opportunities to move forward in their careers. The serious lack of promotion opportunities, makes Merck a frustrating place to work at.
There are a lot of initiatives around culture and D&I at Merck.  You can see some leaders working harder than others promoting Ways of Working.  The inconsistency along the management chain is the problem and it only goes to the level of the weakest link.  For example, if my manager's manager is a proponent of work-life balance but my manager emails all hours, every day of the week, I'm working around the clock despite the best intentions of my manager's manager.
Continue to take 'work' out of the system
Honestly, as we know, the pandemic has changed the state of the work life. I think a challenge is going to be getting people back to the office, myself included. There is just so much more flexibility and time - no commute, etc. Many of us are working longer and harder, especially if kids are home in the mix. Merck should offer additional vacation time if they want their employees to be well and healthy. I think there's a stigma around taking sick days, but use PTO days. You rarely hear of coworkers who want to take off because they're feeling burnt out - they feel a sense of responsibility. We're all doing pretty well working from home and delivering Merck's mission and goals. Save the money that would be spent on office space, and offer more time off or resourcing for employees - whether that's helping them pay for/source childcare, give mandatory "wellness days," etc. Right now, the biggest concern is employees feeling burnout - we all have felt it at some point.
If we really want an inclusive culture why are we segregating individuals in working groups by race, gender, sexual orientation, etc.?  Why don’t we promote a ONE MERCK approach and create an environment where everyone feels welcome and accepted?
It would be reassuring to hear more about the pipeline with the top new products we see coming in the next 1, 3, 5 years. This is a question that often comes up at the EBB and is usually answered with 1 or 2 therapies coming forward, but a more comprehensive, illustrated slide depicting a broader, inclusive portfolio would be appreciated.
Need to stay competitive with tech and finance companies for their IT personnel. Doing the work just because it's noble doesn't fill enough of the wide gap in pay and benefits between these sectors. Merck will lose talent. This is also true for my bench colleagues at the MRL sites. The promotion process is old-fashioned and lacks transparency. Training and maintaining younger scientists is going to be an increasing challenge. I'd say HR should help with this- but no one thinks that HR has any real power.
I think the connection between mission and financial realities (esp. bottom line) are abstract concepts to everyone, so  connecting the dots or messaging is helpful to keep employees engaged and committed.
remove operational red take, multiple reviews, and inefficaincies that make it impossible to be as nimble as our competitors
1. Allow transparent opinion sharing 2. Allow for career development options - educate and make resources available 3. Teach managers to have deeper conversations instead of just peripheral so they really know & understand their teams personally  4. Work on developing tools that develop internal talent and hire less from outside
Reward people for their hard work. We heard all year about the great job we were doing and then low bonuses and lack of promotions gave a different message. Hard to be motivated to achieve more when success is not rewarded properly.
Stay out of the political arena.  I fear Merck will go from Woke to Broke.
More focus on decision making at the right level.  To many above site mandates without understanding what the shop floor really needs to enable their work.  Many of these individuals have never done the work or have been gone so long they no longer have relevant experience.
Most areas of opportunity in the company I see us working toward and Merck is a great place to work.  Decision making is an area for improvement for the company that we should focus on.  We hold ourselves back by upholding aspects of our business that are not truly necessary, making things complicated, and should be actively recognizing agility and creating agile standard systems to help us thrive as a company post-Organon. How will we shift our paradigms?  Additionally, while we are good at sharing internally in some areas, we should leverage more on external resources and benchmarking outside company and industry to help us be truly revolutionary and not have to invent things ourselves. We should have clear focus areas in our company priorities and have strong focus toward them such as therapeutic focus areas, manufacturing strategy, and how we will partner within EC and divisional leadership teams toward our goals. Thanks for asking.
Minimize focus on "politics" and instead empower employees to do their jobs to the best of their abilities to deliver value for our business. Simplify processes and need for consensus (empower colleagues to make decisions faster). In today's environment, when an idea is born it needs to be confirmed and approved by so many stakeholders which complicates the process and makes it last much longer.
Maintaining good culture
I feel like they should keep personnel working remotely to ensure safety of all the employees. It has been proven that the jobs can be done working remotely and the business hasn't failed due to not having them on site like it was before the pandemic. I feel like more personnel have been able to work more efficiently and be more productive since we all started working remotely. There is no rush to send everyone back because this pandemic is far from over and we still need to ensure everyone is safe.
Redesign the internal hiring practices and make them more transparent and include individuals that are not in the direct hiring team of the position. It is becoming culture that leading candidates get all the positions and those that interview are checking the box to fulfill the diversity and inclusion box with no real change to get positions.
continue to  evaluate ways to better work together and support one another.  continue to evolve benefits to stay ahead of industry standards and make Merck one above the rest
I think we should have more surveys like this and measurements of our employee morale. I think there are a lot of different opinions that fluctuate throughout the year due to changes experienced throughout the year so having a continuous pulse on how people feel more than just annually can be very beneficial. More information is always better to make better informed decisions.
For those who can work from home, let them keep on working from home.
Ability to work remotely long term - or hybrid approach - based on roles/responsibilities
I do understand the need  for the company to position itself for the future. I have to say though that the only negative thing about Merck is the job uncertainty. To much restructuring year after year. Employees need more stability..
Merck needs to go back to basics and deliver to the patient/customer the products they need without making excuses.  Breakdown the internal silo business approach, which only delays responding to patient/customer needs.  Ensure all support groups are aligned with the same major goals as the commercial team (ultimately the customer/patient) and are accountable for not meeting these goals (negative impact on bonus).  Avoid putting Merck in the news for political reasons, which distracts from our core mission and may result in negative responses from our patient/customer.
technology / systems and tools to support our workforce on accelerated delivery and improved productivity . Our systems and processes are complex and not integrated . This impacts on what , how and when we deliver timely assets to our customers . Integration and automation are key without compromising on compliance .
I'm working as an Officer  National reserve military in the Netherlands. MERCK US army friendly policies do not apply in NL. Forcing me to use many vacation days to serve my country. This makes our company an un-friendly place to work for national reserves. there should be a Global policy and such an uneven playingfield.
Greater transparency with Field Based Employees.  Better communication between Sales and Compliance so that new Ways of Working are vetted and trialed in a test and learn environment.  Reps should be incentivized, not penalized for helping co-create policies and platforms that move the organization forward in a hybrid sales  model.
I wouldnt change anything. Merck is handling this difficult time extremely well.
Leave politics and the alleged social injustices out of the workplace all together!  it has nothing to do with my job or how Merck as a company should function.  When these stories and topics are on company sites and home pages, in my opinion, this could cause further divide within the company.  Leave politics and social injustice related topics out of the work place!
MRL are significantly understaffed at this time.. There's a more than usual delay in approval of back-fill of positions.
Have managers handle conflicts more and follow through.  Accountability on the job employees perform.  To many things get over looked and just seems to have an "oh well" effect.
Value the skills, not just the loudest people in the group. Do NOT let contractors  boss over the employees.
Acknowledge the actual achievements and promote based on them rather than encourage people to switch to other groups/departments to get a "promotion"
Provide resources to support divisional projects such as QSIP and ERMD
Leaders should focus more on communicating the clear vision. And constantly support their personále's ideas and projects to move towards that vision.
Get rid of SIP. Make it easier for CRAs to move up within the organization.
WFH option completely
Ensure resources are adequate to support the workload
Discuss with employees the best way for work life balance post the covid era.
-senior management to align and act on the IT strategy execution -better managing the cost cutting actions -allow stakeholders to have a budget  -we establish competing priorities and ask from employees to deliver more with less resources in very challenging times - we are giving greater opportunities to execute to our partners/vendors instead of our internal employees - HR is extremely slow in adopting changes that other companies already adopted mostly 1 year ago: ex supporting with utilities cost, flexibility of working from any place - for the employees that are long term in the company is nearly impossible to have same salary as a new hire has as there is no internal guidance (specifically for ADs) on how to adjust the salaries. sometimes leaving MSD can easily offer, on same position, a ~30% higher salary - HR: benefits range are very low in CZ compared to similar companies  I WOULD HAVE REALLY LIKED TO ADD MORE ITEMS OR PROVIDE EXAMPLES OR ACTIONS BUT THERE IS A LIMITATION :(
Attempt to take work out of the system.  Tasks that were previously simple seem to require increasing amounts of paperwork and approvals to complete.  This bogs down the system and makes work more inefficient.
Project strategy decisions continue to be opaque. They are slow or never actually occur. If they are made, they happen at too high a level without the necessary information. When they are made, there is not enough accountability for them after a few months. Churn on strategy and management reviews that are not linked to feedback or decisions result in inaction at the working level. This leads to significant project delays.
less meetings more time for operational work.
I believe is a great place to work. I do however feel a bit burn out, there is a lot of pressure to move programs/project along and sometimes there is the feeling of being overwhelm with it all. I think we need to do a better job of prioritizing programs and projects so that there is clear alignment around the different support groups. I feel that everyone thinks that everything is equally important and that creates too much stress to move everything along in a timely manner.
Many people show a lack of concern or consideration for others time.  Everyone thinks their request or their project is the only thing you work on and it is hard to balance priorities.  Digital platforms allow users to interrupt while I am focused on key work.  MSD should provide guidance to all employees on how to be aware of the different time zones, work life balance impact when requesting meetings and IMs during off hours.
we need to immediately stop taking a political side.  I am a conservative.  You will alienate half of us (more than half of us I suspect) if you do not stop the political activity supporting left-leaning agenda.  I suspect corruption is causing this to occur.  How can I have hope in this company?
When we get back to normal, don't forget to have the get togethers, picnics etc.  It really is the little things that make people feel appreciated.  Have more events like the planting of flowers in May.  Makes me sentimental about how Merck used to be.  More of a people place.   For years, we had nothing.  now we have holiday party and all the rest.  The last picnic we had by bldg. 34 was amazing with all the fun activities.  i noticed a big change in people's attitudes going back to work that day.  we were happy and felt energized.
Practice what we preach!! Ways of Working is a great start but we still are very conservative with making decisions and empowering our people.
Make it easy to find and develop mentoring relationships, especially for high potential talent.
I think the only thing can be better is that we need  more communication with Upper management
Include LGBTQ+ community goals in everything we do. Illuminate and tackle LGBTQ+ health disparities. Create a board and EC with visible LGBTQ+ leadership. Pipeline and offer growth opportunities to LGBTQ+ employees.
I worry that we will continue to lose people resources to other companies who are allowing their workforce to permanently be 100% remote--we cannot afford to lose any more people
Continue to do what we are doing - good R&D, timely decisions when to discontinue a development program, good managerial support of staff.
Increase Digital transformation
MSD Argentina in many regards does not look like Merck/MSD from the rest of the world, I feel it is still "an Argentinian company" in a negative aspect.
Create more team / interactive / activities.
invest in technology and training for that technology to make highly tenured employees more agile in doing things in a new way
carry on moving forward with the new ways of working - WFH becoming a very standard way of working in the coming weeks, months and years.
1) continue to simplify process.  2)stop to implement systems that are not align with the policies of the company.. This just force the country to have local extra work and manual work  and still have high risks.
Provide salaries that are competitive with the market.  You can't recruit and retain 90th percentile talent with 50th percentile compensation, and we have seen a steady flow of talented people out of the company.  Having to backfill those roles and train new employees is an enormous expense and resource drain.
When you set a budget, stick to it.  We spend a large amount of time going after a 10% cut in budget.  Why can't you just stick to a budget and stop waiting millions in people hours in changing it.  We would be much more productive if the leaders would get it right and not go back on something already approved.  Do a better job of budget planning to avoid a lot of scrambling by a lot of workers.
Reinstate the RSU at a much higher participation rate for associate directors
MERCK IS A DOING A GREAT JOB AND HAS ENHANCED ITS ABILITIES ESPECIALLY SINCE THE START OF COVID
Properly staff your teams. Lessen the workload and burden on individuals. Be more concerned about quality and not quantity. Learn how to properly prioritize needs of the department and projects assigned to the department.
Measure/gauge stress levels of people better. Seems to be a lack of awareness of personal stress at this time. A stop for a minute and just talk approach would be a good example.
Merck needs to give us a roadmap for the future for office vs work from home options.  Many companies are moving to allow for a more consistent work from home option in the future - but Merck just keeps saying every two months, you may come back.  I can't imagine going back to my 1 hour commute each way and sitting in an office (mask or no mask).  Obviously - would come in for big important meetings - but even when I was coming in to the office pre-pandemic - I would be in the office and webex with colleagues working from home or at other sites.  I rarely had "in person" meetings.  I think the company needs a stance on this work life balance and doesn't leave it up to each individual manager (as some managers are very liberal and some are very strict) and you tend to do what your manager does (if they come in the office - you feel the pressure to come in to the office).
Be clear about where Merck and MSD wants to see change and in what direction
Focus more on work/life balance, e.g., encourage use of vacation during the current remote working environment.
Be more flexible and minimize the politics
Clarify the vision for the next 3-5 years (are we in Covid therapy or not, what does post-Organon portfolio look like), etc.   The same as it was today, or a new emphasis on certain disease states/therapies?
You need to have managers actually follow what they read off a piece of paper.  In a Team Staff meeting they preach inclusive, promotions, growth, etc.....but then during 1:1's the exact opposite is told, that "we need to say those things but not follow them"
Leadership additions, workforce diversity, improve marketing presence on social media platforms
I am concerned with being asked to continually do more with less (expense budget, headcount, information)
-I would appreciate having the option to work from home as much as possible. During the pandemic, working from home has allowed me to reach a balance between work and personal life. As a working mother, sparing the commute gives me more time to attend to my kids (e.g. attend school activities, after-school sports, etc) while still successfully completing my work-related activities.
Consider employee work life balance. Reduce process.
Be completely honest and transparent about transformation processes.
follow through on the current initiatives and maintain beyond the media popularity . Evaluate how flexible work arrangements and WFH will look in the future, as very different now following COVID.
increase number of PTOs to improve work/life balance
Adapt company policies to the new realities we are facing due to the COVID-19 pandemic. To mention some: (1) Allow remote work / telecommute for positions that have that flexibility, (2) Update taxation rules to adjust for alternative locations (home, "We Work") for employees living/residing outside NJ/PA, (3) Suggest top-down to have maximum hours per week in virtual meetings (i.e. 20 hours) to allow employees deliver on key initiatives and day-to-day work without extending work hours due to back to back meetings.
Currently doing very well, remain engaged with employees and their welfare
I feel my workload is enormous, a few other people I have close contact have similar concerns. There should be less hierarchy, VP level and above should reach out to individual contributors. Middle management (director, executive director, AVP) should be more savvy in people management skills and development of their teams. I do not feel comfortable in suggesting better ways of working or highlighting easy fixes since the internal atmosphere is more designed towards acknowledging simply operating what you are told to do.
More flexible work options to enhance the work and live balance. I believe the pandemic will change the way we work going forward. I travel a good distance to work, I found work from home make my work more efficient and save the travel time to spend with my family. Also less traffic on the road, less CO2 emission and better environment.
maybe provide one day off every month to help stress relief under current situation?
Be more transparent about compensation with regards of how Merck compares to the industry standards.   Review of the differentiation process between managers. Outline future plans for returning to the workplace versus working from home
Manage the changes; Merck needs to change but i feel that we are changing a lot of things at the same time.
Justice  merit-based work  promotion based on work evaluation, not based on gender and non-lab work.
Be more agile, stop over-engineering thus creating more work.
Eliminate forced distribution on bonuses.  Improve technology in meeting rooms so those not present in the room don't feel excluded or have a difficult time hearing.  More computing power - we still spend too much time waiting when working with large files!
Commit to innovation and truly lead in the vaccine and oncology marketplaces.  Measure our success against the challenges to human health today and tomorrow and not just on today’s profit.  Strive to be the number one company in our customer’s eyes.
There are still some (few) employees that I feel you are not able to speak up. These people have been brought to the attention of HR and either get promoted or moved to another area but the behavior is still the same. These people end up giving poor evaluations to those that speak up where the employees who speaks up never had a poor evaluation in the past.
1. Provide more opportunity to Employee for their career development.  2. Build health and happy working environment.
Continue focus on work life balance for its employees
Continue to embrace and champion diversity, inclusion and wellness in the workplace
Better prioritize activities and make sure those priorities are both agreed upon and known to all involved.
As a new hire, my learning is exhaustive.  There is no concrete plan to get qualified in the professional duties in which we are expected to perform.  The my learning curriculum does not prioritize the training required to perform our duties.  For example:  I have been with the company for almost six weeks and have completed over 230 my learning training courses.  However, I still have no access to the software I need to perform my job (ProCal & SAP).  Imagine you hired a chef and for 45 days he was not allowed to use an oven, cutlery, or even a sink.  --Makes no sense!
Stop looking at metrics to rely on everything, there is a personnel aspect that is being ignored. Ensure that all levels are getting recognition, it seems to plateau at manager level.  Ensure time for coaching and guidance.   Being told to read an SOP is not coaching.  Ensure better life/work balance.   Too many people are working long days and expect that from their coworkers. Get control of the meetings.   There are way too many meetings with little time to actually work.  Also with Covid there is no consideration for people's basic needs (bio breaks, etc.) especially when some people are on site and other are at  home and can mute themselves and grab coffee, etc.    Training and Development is difficult, especially with high turnovers.   Promote from within the departments should be considered more to keep a sense of stability within the departments.  It doesn't need to be all of the time, but from what I've seen it's frowned upon and lateral moves tend to be the norm.
As much work is virtual at this point, communication is crucial.   A training on proper email / calendar etiquette may be helpful.
I have only been with Merck since 05-APR-2021.  Everyone has been welcoming, supportive, and helpful.  Keep on keeping on!
continue to drive inclusion amongst higher level management, and transparency wins!
Challenge the status quo and make cultural changes as much as necessary.
keep the diversity of Human resources.
I joined MERCK in November 2020...this is a question I would love to revisit in about a year.
Simplify internal procedures
1.  Great place to work:  Give people who are assigned to site (i.e. NEED to be here daily) a REAL desk.  The touchdown concept works great for some, and should be used when APPROPRIATE.  For those of us who must be here for our job function, it's a terrible method of office planning. 2.  Deliver:  I seriously doubt senior leadership is aware of all the various Merck standards in all departments (Safety, Engineering, IT, etc).  These standards are generally one or more levels higher than industry requirements for same.  There's goals to cut spend, go faster and deliver more - but we can't do that if we're restricted by our standards.  So we wonder why peer companies and others can beat us.  It's because they are working within the industry rules and regulations, but without decades of internal policy/standards that further complicate delivery.
Backfill vacancies, minimize or streamline internal meetings, put customer interactions first, make employees feel values (no awards trip in 2020?  Most other companies still recognized top talent in some form or fashion), wellness day off?
It would be amazing if once travel does open up and the meetings that were once all onsite/in person had a virtual option for people who would rather not travel.  It would save the company a lot of money, it would keep the employee more productive with more time working than traveling, and it would help the employee have a better work life balance.  Merck is an absolutely incredible place to work - I feel very valued and I feel like my work is contributing to a greater good for many patient populations.
Shed some of the burdensome processes, we are not as "agile" / adaptable as we could be or think we are d/t so much process; many functional areas we work with aren't flexible
Streamline and create centralized source of information of bureaucratic processes. Often when I need to perform a new task, like shipping internationally or updating legal agreements with partners, I have to ask team members who to find. They often give me the name of whoever they may have worked with last, which can be outdated information. This makes identifying the correct process difficult and more time consuming.
Encourage innovation. Simplify and have more efficient processes.
Work with tenured people to elevate their place in the company. Get diverse youth on board and SUPPORT THEM so that they may be retained. Address health care disparities and “teach” our field based sales how to navigate these discussions. Provide more resources to address these disparities. Roll out culturally sensitive resources to address these disparities. Provide more cultural intelligence since it is lacking.
Open more opportunities for individuals to grow salary in their current roles.  We lose talent all the time for relatively little amounts of money.
Continue the transparent nature of aligned objectives
Merck should continue to focus with laser-like precision on what it does best: to deliver innovative medicines through great science and deep commitment and dedication to our patients and customers.  Merck is a wonderful place to work, with strong ethics and a dedicated and committed workforce.  However, per my earlier comment on Question 30, Merck needs to adjust course and resist the temptation to weigh-in on the social and political issues of the day.
Since we're experiencing a fair degree of turnover (personally have had new leadership in every layer above my manager within the last year), it would help (in some cases this has been done) for each leader to espouse their guiding principles.  What is it that they believe should be retained, and what do they want to change?  What is their rationale and what will guide how they adapt over time?  I think this is difficult in our industry, but it's also helpful to reinforce, particularly as change becomes warranted.
rethink your comp system. See what leading companies do, vs traditional in LTI and achieving the midpoint of a range.
As mentioned above, home office must be an offer for every job role where possible.
Better career planning and mentorship opportunities. I'm getting lost in the shuffle and feeling isolated.
Sometime company takes too long time to respond on various things that should be done fast, ex launching of schemes , credits to customer and many more things.
Offer onsite amenities like a gym and healthy eating classes.
Look at what the competition are doing - how can we differentiate ourselves, how can we challenge the current pharma ways of working with external stakeholders to ensure we are the partner of choice
Resources are overly concentrated on commercial planning, where many are only implementing what has been done for years. Innovation needs resources and empowerment to give other functions legitimacy to lead the way. For instance, policy and access need to be ahead of commercial launch so the market is ready when we arrive, but oftentimes, their value is measured by how they can help marketing this year, if not this quarter. It defeats the purpose.
Encourage/support people's professional growth with tangible actions
Continue concern with their employees healthy, Receiving Most Current Updates and work resources to your colaborators.
More accountability from management.  More involvement in the day to day work to see what is going on beneath them. Real work on real problems. Flatten some of the processes to make work easier.
Take away the MBO’s.  This has just given CTLs the ability to put a bunch of “hoops” in place that reps have to jump through to get paid our bonus.  We are now doing a bunch of check the box activities that aren’t the best use of time.
medical plans are below par
More resources (employees) to reduce the amount of work per individual
Continue to pursue digital technologies and remove barriers to knowledge access. Why do we need to request permission to see content in MIDAS and sharepoints as internal employees, if the knowledge is proprietary? Same question for confidential, especially if NDAs are not required.   Diversity & Inclusion - Merck is definitely going in the right direction here, and it was very encouraging to hear messages from Ken Frazier about our companies stance on cultural issues. As Rob transitions to be CEO, it would be encouraging if he can continue this same mindset and practice.
Provide resources for mangers that are working in their position without having previous people managing skills. Sometimes employees are promoted to a manager position because they are an excellent performer but they lack the necessary people management skills needed for the position.
Continue to look for ways to streamline, simplify and integrate our SOPs and different MRL systems.  Provide more equipment for home offices.
Concerned about the number of upper managers that are leaving the company or retiring earlier than expected.
Allow the Wilson site, specifically the laboratory,  to utilize the summer working hours that are recognized by other Merck sites. This helps add mental stability to individuals that work in a faced paced environment and allows for more work/life balance among individuals.  Additionally, continue to allow the individuals working from home to do so if they desire. This limits the number of individuals at the sites.
The company is a great place to work.  Some areas may be understaffed which can impact the ability of the personnel in those areas to perform their assigned work, as well as any unexpected work that may arise.
The field sales team needs to be able to be in the field routinely and we need to be able to plan.  In the southeast, most customers will only conduct live meetings.  It is time to retire the RAT tool, especially for employees who are fully vaccinated.
negotiate with vendors to have better tools and make easier our work
I find the communications from upper Leadership very helpful. It would be really nice if that ability to communicate went down to the Executive Director & below so we knew what was happening in our groups.  Also, I feel there should be leadership training when someone is moved for the 1st time into a position where they have direct reports.
Merck is an amazing place to work. I think to focus on education and continued education for current employees would be good. So this will appeal to those wanting to come to our company. I do not see the continued education as a big focus. Also, health care plan. if improvements could be made there. As a woman, our basic health is more costly then men. I pay 100 dollars for menopause meds with our plan, this should be covered more to appeal to Mature experienced women to come to our company.  I think the coverage for woman meds could be better.
Continue leveraging from MPS and digital tools and progressing our diversity and inclusion culture.  The company should evaluate opportunities brought by COVID circumstances that force us to work differently and that could bring efficiencies to the company.  Those should be continued.
Work life balance
Merck has done a lot of work to support D&I but I don't feel that all departments take that message forward. If you push to hire people with diverse backgrounds and thoughts, please support them and let them speak even if it changes how people might approach problems.
Understand what our front line leaders need. How do we cultivate the human resources we have, and how do we leverage that diversity.
Work from home flexibility.
Be interested in all professional roles, including Clinical Research
More focus on the science and R&D pipeline Better alignment between functions and an atmosphere of teamwork / collaboration
Overall, I think Merck is already a great place to work.  Really appreciate all the support and safety priorities during the pandemic.
Simplify systems, fully commission/decommission systems to eliminate redundancy and confusion, IT tools and permissions on computer systems that allow for specific exceptions for lab work (instead of the one size fits all policy). We cannot take pictures of our devices / components during troubleshooting and analysis with our iPads because we cant transfer the images to our documents (real example)
Allow working from home for administrative staff.
Focus on unmet medical needs, even if there is limited commercial interest
Allow for continued work from home
Stay out of Political issues and deliver for all Americans
We need to prioritize work to ensure people are working on the most valuable opportunities. Feeling overwhelmed.
Need to be more accurate and timely with account information.  Such as territory changes, program tracking, sales numbers.  We've gone backwards since MAHView was dropped. Territory managers need more tools in which to compete with competition such as promotional items, funds to allow creativity within territory. Stop with the short dated product programs.  Sends the wrong signal regarding our company credibility.
Continue on the mission to provide digital resources and tools to help work be more efficient an reduce email & paper work streams.  I am also extremely grateful for how the company has helped all employees during the pandemic and worked to keep those of us still performing in person work safe.
Provide real opportunities and competitive salaries & benefits in order to reduce the turn over of employees in the department. The leadership team should work more closely and improve the communication .
Reflection on our covid efforts and how we can respond quickly to external events
No additional comments at this time.
Empower the sales force to be able to do their job.  Allow the commercial team to be able to present both clinical and pharmaco-economic data to customers.  Also, DEVELOP your employees from within!  The Oncology team would rather hire external candidates recycled from other companies rather than promoting someone from another sales force who has been with Merck and has done well and shown success with the organization.  Experienced sales reps can learn about oncology drugs and markets.  I was not even provided the opportunity for a face to face interview despite multiple internal endorsements.
More resources for users/teams. Sometimes there are also roadblocks when working crossfunctionally as some teams do not have as much transparency as others
From  my personal perspective, Merck is already working to deliver on our mission.  I am excited about our work involving diversity and inclusion and the steps being taken to further this agenda.
Maintain basic research -- don't just license in everything. Consolidate multiple redundant efforts in IT -- how many different "cloud solutions" do we have? Keep key expertise in-house. Don't get too geographically dispersed -- it is impossible to coordinate dozens of little research/IT sites all over the world.  And IT staff should be co-located with the people they support. Saving money is great, but be willing to invest as needed -- some work just requires a certain amount of resources.
Might sound silly, but open cafe onsite for in person ordering.
Keep political views out of the work space and hold everyone accountable to the same degree.
work life balance
Acknowledge the geographical diversity issue, there is a North / South divide within the UK in terms of development, if you live closer to the office you are more likely to progress.
help maintain work/life balance for employees
to stay focus on goals and be flexible to overcome challenges.
Engage more in cross-divisional collaboration. A Business user categorizes IT as one department. That mindset needs to change because one negative experience can reflect upon all of IT.
Provide a meetingless work day.
guarantee ergonomic conditions for work at home
Continue to innovate - especially with opening up opportunities to work remotely or away from the traditional "headquarters" mindset.  Stay up to date on technology to help us engage customers and each other more effectively.
Emphasize and broadly communicate interdepartmental networking opportunities
Diminish the amount of teleconferences that interfere with customer activities, my CTL keeps putting them. Though some are optionals, participation is acknowledged and creates pressure, also some of meeting agendas are repetitions that could be better use trying to conduct remote calls with customers instead of meetings.
Merck needs to transcend the political, social, health, and economic problem divide. Please stay out of these high risk, low reward battles. We gain nothing from these battles that are not aging well. Let's focus on pharma and science to make this place even better!!!
We need to better understand how to work cross-divisionally with a focus on improving hand offs and focusing on value to Merck, not just one team or division.
Merck should like Google or other company inviting speakers (like Eckhart Tolle) to promoting healing and inner peace and joy for everyone in the company
Find ways to reduce the workload and limit the amount of headcount reduction to enable a better wok-life balance.
I think Merck needs to be less old fashioned with some of their policies for employees. For instance, many companies are offering unlimited vacation time, bucket list fulfillment, pop up days off, etc. They need to think about retention bonuses especially for those with Oncology experience because many of us are being sought after by other companies and reinstating Stock Options to stay competitive. I do feel they made one step in the right direction with allowing 100% remote work which I think is wonderful and opens up new opportunities for many people.  Merck was and still is wonderful to us during COVID and I can’t thank you enough for that support!!!!!! Lastly Merck needs to think more about employee morale on a more frequent basis and these gestures don’t need to be big. Perhaps a $5 gift card to a coffee shop or the ability to order lunch if working from home. Overall, Merck is an incredible place to work and I feel honored to be in my 21st year, thank you!
Offer competitive salary and benefits- employees who have been at the company for 10 plus years are underpaid.
less burecratic
Slow down processes
I feel we are a very balanced company and value working here. I do feel for my department could do better in work life balance. We have been on-site during the pandemic and have had to juggle many work life issues. Overall our managers are understanding but recently due to staffing issues and study needs have made it uncomfortable to work from home when needed. It is a little concerning when as a group we have stepped up to the plate and were able to keep up with all work demands while allowing flexibility to work from home a day or 2 a week. i know it's hard as we are lab based but i do believe that our proven track record should speak for itself and allow individuals more work from home flexibility if they have meaningful work to do from home. we function as a team and i really don't doubt that when the push comes we will all be there to support the on-site demands, but in slower periods it would be nice to have the flexibility not be on-site everyday.
The same bennefits that are given only to womans, should be given to man too. Because as an inclusive company, we must have the same rights (equality).
Maintain flexibility to promote work-life balance.  Strive to be at forefront of industry diversity and inclusion practices.
Emphasize more on science; quicker process and decision making to be more adaptable and nimble.
Better align Markets with Global resources generally. Being in IT, when I consider the technology landscape for example, there are two tracks: shadow IT in the market, and global IT. What is the point of having carefully selected selected platforms and solutions, and a vision for a regional/global technical ecosystem and architecture, if business in the markets can arbitrarily choose to implement differently as they please. It puts market IT in a bad position.
We need to improve the M1 role in Animal Health.  The work structure is too much for this position.  In general there is not enough band-with to handle some of the self-service roles that are common at Merck.  This leads to added stress to an already dynamic position.
Transparency on COVID and back to work plans.
Change some of the new rules established re: 12 lunches/yr with customers.
Continue allowance for the difficulties faced with COVID pandemic. The first 4-5 months were very supportive, however now the pressure is back on and the support network is non-existent. Very difficult to balance work-life when the expectation is that one should be at the computer 24/7 and at hand to sort out issues, while child-care support is low. This requires evening/night work which leads to a poor sleep cycle.
Re-evaluate staffing.  With the Organon split, some functional areas are left strained while working against the systems in place.  Makes for a frustrating work environment, especially when afraid to ask for resources.
I would like to see Merck strive to have the healthiest work force in the industry.  That begins with prioritizing self-care, and having more than one health insurance option (including premiums options) is a way for Merck to support this priority.  I often hear how the employees are Merck's greatest asset so let's keep everyone in tip-top shape!
Continue investing in R&D
In my opinion, I am very pleased with the communication and commitment that Merck provides.  It is not done this well at other companies.
providing a safe environment for people to learn and grow especially when embarking on new opportunities within the company.
Continuing evolving with all mentioned above!
Offer competitive work-life balances. Merck is behind on some of the benefits other companies offer in terms of chidl care, WFH, and other work-life balances
Often a decision is made on a path forward and made to fit the different divisions whether it suits them or not, this can create a lot of churn and issues locally that aren't maybe seen above site. It's hard to feel like the work is value added when there is so much churn and hurt felt when implementing it. I think this needs to be thought about more when implementing systems like QSIP, eVal, MES, SAP, eLogs, etc. Often we don't see the benefit of these for a year or two because we're not ready for the implementation and the change is so disruptive in itself. It can be hard to then focus time on products/processes/quality when there is so much flux. I think these changes are inevitable but we could get better at doing them
Recognize the real talents who can make a difference to our company.
make better step for a good work life balance
Empower individuals to make rapid decisions to bring effective medicines to market.
The company should focus on developing new products to protect our future.
I am proud to work for Merck and believe that the company is doing an excellent job at communicating what is important to employees and making us feel safe at work, providing us with the right tools and flexibility considering the current circumstances in the world.  However, I am a little concerned with how much change we are going through, particularly during the pandemic, a Spin-Off, a change in Vendor/Supplier/invoicing/PO system (Ariba), not to mention our on-going work, increase in e-mails and Web meetings. The company has so many dedicated and talented employees who always deliver as much as possible, but perhaps this time around, certain projects could have been delayed or timelines could have been revised to help out employees a bit more. These are unprecedented times in the World, but also at Merck I think, considering the volume of work and tasks at hand to accomplish during a pandemic.
Continue to add flexibility for employees, in order to help us achieve work life balance.  Achieving this balance and managing stress has been more difficult since the start of the pandemic, and requires continued flexibility from Merck/management.
Continue to allow for hybrid work schedule and allowing flexibility.  Continue to understand that each individual may have different perspective on working from home vs going to office and as long as the individual can deliver on their performance objectives they should be allowed flexibility.  Continue to understand that each employee may have different family considerations that impact their choices to work from home.
Transparency and communication has been gradually decreasing in my department specifically to a point where many people are unsure of what the department will look like 6 months from now and that uncertainty breeds a negative work environment.
Promote faster.   I've been at the same level for nine years w/o a promotion. If I leave Merck it will be to continue to advance my career. Even with an advanced degree, new tech skills, strong performance ratings, people mgmt. experience, leading an EBR and receiving/giving mentoring, I'm just not advancing like my peers are. I'm starting to feel like I'll be falling behind if I stay - and I really want to stay.
Merck needs to be more competitive with other oncology companies with salaries and ability to respond to customers needs, not by presenting more barriers/restrictions.
department specific work-life balance
Celebrate diversity as a key to success
Re consider the number for FTEs in Oncology. WE keep getting more indications with the same number of people. Consider giving more back to employees - bonus, stocks, etc
I think the company is doing a good job making the best place to work
Maintain retention and reduce change for scientific leaders (e.g. Tower, Territory Changes, Cross-Functional Contacts). Increase human ressources to support our growth. Please note that a great majority of my colleagues are working under stretch assignement and are mentionning this will not be sustainable long-term, particularly within the context of pandemic, curfews and childcare modalities.
I, and many co-workers have expressed the same thought, really didn't/don't feel valued during the pandemic actions.    Managers were quick to work from home and message in requests and guidance, but there was little expressed or done to assure that I was safe.  We got plenty of negative feedback about not social distancing etc. which I know is important, but can also be tough to comply with in the work setting.  Messaging around this was poorly thought through as well.  Manager's starting conversations with "I know how you feel" or "I get it"  do NOT know how people in this situation feel.  When was the pandemic that they worked through while their managers stayed home?
Step out of the current paradigm by having quality become more collaborative with business operations.
Provide more correspondences throughout the year about projects or expansions being done on the plant site along with more success stories about how our work is affecting the world
Reevaluate the external hiring market and increase salaries for current and future employees in order to remain competitive.
everyone works together to support pipeline and deliver new medicine
Merck still a top down organization. Your manager totally determines your experience here. Some managers are flexible and people oriented; others more project focused where the project takes precedence over balancing personal life and work and expect you to work long hours without ever getting time off or compensation. Merck wants to be a more agile environment but  nothing being addressed on a daily basis. Give employees more flexibility in making decisions and take their input into consideration.
Ensure work life balance for the employees .
Coaching and supporting managers, help teaching and coaching them how to let people grow, give trust and space so that they can develop, facilitate them. Have the impression there is hardly any coaching.
continue innovating better drugs and focus in diversity and inclusion
Clear strategic priorities to manage resources Career path to allow gaining skills and experiences  Ability for team members to move across teams and functions
more clearly defined career paths
Offer the possibility of full time remote work if we choose and managers approve. There is no need for most roles to return to an office scenario once COVID restrictions loosen. Large companies all over the world are doing this for their employees and it WILL be a determining factor for future and current employment for many, many people.
Reduce the huge compensation disparity between top executives and the rest of us.
Focus on Diversity and Inclusion from the bottom all the way up to the top. Ensure Management is clearly engaged in this initiative.
Ensure adequate recourses are available to support the increased occurrence of timeline changes and shorter, speed to market timelines.
Allow for different career development tracks outside of the "Merck way".
Better compensation and more financial support for early stage research would be appreciated.  Working to build a more trusting and more cooperative rather than negatively competitive workplace would reduce inefficiency and improve well-being, leading to better productivity.
I feel we have a tendancy to try and do too much, spreading ourself to thinly. I feel we may be better doing less, focusing on the key things that are going to make a difference and delivering them really well
Continue to offer the ability to work from home after the pandemic without concern of being replaced.  This will allow for office space to open up for the ones who need to be at the site on a daily basis.
I have been a member of Merck for 8 plus years- it has been a wonderful place to work and even better people.  Over the past year since Covid our company starting with our CEO all the way down to Executive Directors have become way to political.  They fail to understand that 50% of the company many times does not share their views.  I work at Merck to have differentiated products and to help the patients we serve.  We are spending too much time on political views and other extreme agenda items.   Senior leaders talking about politics and current hot trials on team calls is completely unacceptable.   I am all for D&I but we are over swinging on all political and other non work topics.   We need to focus on getting back to work- we have become so liberal on on our policies compared to how our competition operates.  Our recent policies as well regarding lunches with 25+ how many times a customer can come to a lunch, our ability to do live speaker programs our alcohol policy at programs.
Continue to invest in their employees. Provide opportunities for tenured employees. We need to make sure our tenured employees have opportunity for upward promotions.
Consider working remotely on a permanent basis.
Keep on making available technologies' training. Provide employees with different kinds of training/executive training in order to develop new skills.
Innovation; Flexible working hours and work location; Now it's hard to schedule vacation days because there is so much going on.
Keep with a flexible work schedule
Need to better define strategy and growth plans. Recent focus is all on cost cutting and finances and not mission.
Implement new WoW in the light of what learned during covid19 pandemic
Stay in tune to the field and the changing environment- make it a commitment to be the first in trying new ways to interact with our customers and how they want to interact.
Continue to be innovative and productive relative to our R & D.
Continue all of the great programs and initiatives that have been put in place.
I know these is supposed to be a culture of One Merck, and on paper it looks great. In reality, divisions and departments work in silos often, treating each other as almost different companies. I hear a lot of "that's not what we do and can;t help you"
Redefine expectations, set limits/boundaries for those constituents that practically never leave their work. It is difficult to maintain a healthy work/life balance (which for me, correlates directly to health) if you are never able to "unplug".  Some employees are able to self-manage this better than others, but when the workload is larger, a more driven, goal/completion-oriented person finds it difficult to set aside laptops, ipads, iphones, and other tech that consistently pull for work-related attention. This isn't a big issue now. . . but I'm thinking that it could contribute to some longer-term mental health issues that could relegate employees to a less-than-optimal efficiency level. I don't have an answer, nor a solution so please do not interpret this as a complaint - just something to consider.
Create policy changes that actually support work life harmony, such as no meetings after 12pm on Fridays or before 10am on Mondays. Managers need to do a better job of modeling work/balance behavior.
Hire more people.. We need the people resources, to spread the workload
Greater focus needed on career development and promotion opportunities. In IT specifically, there is constantly reorganization which naturally tends to transform the roles and responsibilities of individuals. Personally, I continue to stretch and broaden my skills, but I am unable to be promoted in my current role unless I bid on a new position.
Merck needs to consider the tradeoffs between process and innovation, which is not easy for a mature company of its scale. This priority will be increasingly important as the company attempts to map out a long-term future beyond Keytruda's patent life. I am grateful for the bold leadership Merck management has shown in speaking up on issues of importance to society and modeling how to be bold and mission-driven.
Continue hiring great talent but need more staffing at the "real work" levels.
Make it easier to test and adopt digital technologies, like new software, sensors, automation. Our IT organization is too distant from the business where I work, and we can't bring forward digital solutions in a timely manner. Additionally, the hurdles to bring in a new tool are too big to overcome without help.
Continue being a leader with diversity and inclusion, making sure their is representation of groups middle management positions. A great job is being done at the executive level but where it really matters to the individual contributors is with their management and that is where diversity is still lacking. Most director level positions are still afforded to mainly white men, very few women and those with diverse backgrounds are sought out or even placed in those positions.
Develop partnerships, increase primary care pipeline, diversify porte folio
Continue to encourage New Ways of Working initiative, and engage more diversity and inclusion conversations.
Higher wages. Especially for people living in states where cost of living is extremely high.
Continue to speak up on social issues; I am proud to work for a company whose CEO is not silent on injustices that affect our colleagues.
improve on divesity and inclusion in hiring and promoting people of color into senior management
As we become a biotech company, it would be great to align the employees benefits (salary, pension etc..) with what other major biotech companies have to offer.
Align compensation with other pharma companies.
Merck already does an excellent job of allowing employees to balance work and personal life.   Continue to look for ways to support employees, especially during the duration of this pandemic
A few suggestions are changes to compliance process in regards to field sales. Compliance says no by default and then field sales teams have to spend valuable time to convince the compliance team to modify policy as many are restricting to working with customers.  For examples please default to RAB calls as this is where we send the feedback.
Innovation on science and medical technology to deliver life-saving products to patients. As a company with strong vaccine focus, we should learn from our COVID vaccine projects and strengthen the R&D capacities.
Research the impact of limited office space/work from home arrangements proposed for future - determine if there will be an impact on recruitment and/or retention. Many new hires are put off when we tell them we will work from home or, that they will share a space.
Unbiased approach is needed.
there are some senior managers that are not willing to change, they need to get on board
Ensure appropriate resources are allocated to handling all the priorities related to running the business, stabilizing the business and all the challenges related to Expedition 25.
Grow within the current work environment, embrace greater work/ life flexibility.
I like all the benefits and resources provided by our company, but it still feels like work/life balance is supported but not practiced. Feeling the need to be constantly working is going to lead to burnout, we are all feeling the pressure.
enhanced focus on work-life balance especially during pandemic.
This is a phenomenal place to work and I am very happy and fulfilled in my role. I will state that the one area I see our company and the world heading is towards the integration of Machine Learning. This is a good direction, but what I feel must be emphasized across both MRL and MMD is that to PREDICT outcomes with AI, we need to make sure we capture data in a meaningful and systematic way. Excel sheets on people's computers don't cut it. Standardization of data capture needs to be a priority particularly in the R&D space.
We all experienced a hard-ship last year due to COVID19 and our leadership did nothing to help provide a work-life balance instead they continued to pile on triple the amount of work due to no travel. They say one thing but then act the opposite. What I mean here is: " you shouldn't work late hours" then agrees to a team overseas with out consulting us that it is okay for them to schedule late hour meetings with us. There needs to be a re-evaluation of management and realistic expectations. After all we went through last year there was no encouragement or praise for job well done just continued "you can do more." If this is how management thinks will motivate its employees they are gravely mistaken. Too much favoritism and extending exceptions to some but not whole team or helping some develop in their careers, but not others. It is getting exhausting and we are losing motivation with the poor encouragement, increased work load and increased hours.
Make it easer to access data and software. Do a better job streamlining the onboarding process so people know what to expect on their first day, week, month.
Provide health insurance with a standard copay and not a deductible that will be hit only if you have a minor procedure or similar done.  We are generally healthy people and work to stay that way.  Other than our routine annual physical and prevention, we basically pay an insurance premium and then pay out of pocket any visit to our providers.  People who have left the company, voluntarily or involuntarily, share that benefits and even pay are much better at many other companies
Keeping up the Good Work, And all ways put Our Mission Frist.
Continue to provide clear guidance on prioritization for programs and focus resources on critical programs rather than spreading resources thin across everything we could do.  We have been able to move critical programs quickly MK-4482, Keytruda, etc. with focused efforts.  However, even with prioritization, work remains on lower priority programs and there are pressures from different stakeholders.  In end to end functions this creates opportunity at the cost of a resource strain.  Managing people's work-life integration now requires additional flexibility and this will continue into the future.  High level principals on how work-life integration will look as we move towards returning to office will remove some stresses felt by staff.
I am very concerned because I feel Merck has made a political stance. I also feel the D&I initiative may have created more caution in speaking up and out rather then open dialogue  I will not speak out for fear of being misunderstood or not expressing the right political stance. I feel people I work with are “more” sensitive to comments and conversations more than ever before in the time I have worked for Merck
As fewer & fewer people are seeking administrative professional roles, it would be a nice incentive to bring back stock grants for admins.
Continue to evolve with the times, but do not make decisions based solely on pandemic environment.  Customers will eventually return to in-person engagement as well as virtual.  Not even the best digital capabilities can replace the human factor.
Keep politics out of Merck.  It feels like that Merck has become a political organization with Top executives posting political posts on LinkedIn.  We should stay out of politics and be an unbiased organization. There seems to a group at Merck that are tilting this great company to toward a second branch of a political party.
Have more diverse leadership
Allow us as salespeople to do our job to the fullest extent.  I feel like there are a lot of restrictions on communications, both internally and externally.  This can make what we do limiting at times.
Educate people on how to reduce email sending vs a phone call, vs IM etc
Give a clear direction as to what re-opening of the office will look like.
Merck should make sure people at all levels and functions are appropriately and similarly compensated via stock options.   I appears there are inequities depending on function
The needs of persons that are working from home.
1. Educate/train work force more about automation and digital technologies to help seamlessly rollout such technologies without employees worrying about job loss due to automation 2. Short videos/write-ups about top leaders answering five questions (such as what they like about Merck, key learnings, and personal hobbies) so that everyone can learn more about them.
Acknowledge the hard work the employees are doing during the pandemic - could be in the form of Inspire points, stock, an extra vacation day around an upcoming holiday (was done in the past and greatly appreciated)
Focus on items that are core to our mission and ensure future success
Have more diversity and inclusion at all levels of the company.
better tools, rethinks process and workflow to achieve our goals faster, better and keep progress at faster pace that our competition. Example, Gitlab, Github, SVN, AWS, Python, R, Jupyter, Markdown, Jira
Make decisions based on the competitive companies and get feedback from field sales prior to making decisions.  They make decisions and then inform us, and we have to deal with the complications of the decisions. Reimbursement of business-related items should be comparable to other companies.
Continue to diversify the business and employee base
Better balance between work and personal life.  Keep Flexible work arrangements.  Harmonize the policies between US and Global groups regarding returning to the office.  We are one company- it should be the same
Work-life balance
Revision of HR policies is much needed step at this moment for MSD India office  Current HR policies at MSD India office do not have flexibilities for leaves and office attendance, more flexibilities will help in increasing productivity   Many times HR team at MSD India office do not consider concerns raised by employees Examples -  1. While introducing HRonDemand system, many concerns were raised, however they did not consider those  2. A presentation on HR Policies was recently delivered, however there was no scope for asking any questions and a separate Q & A session was requested by employees, this should have been considered by HR team pro-actively
Incentives and Rewards needed
Merck MRL has adopted sort of "me too" or "me better" strategies in the recent years.  If another company is pushing a program forward, Merck will follow.  If another company stops a program, we will likely follow as well.  This strategy works to some extent but we also need to encourage more risk taking and be the real leader on new target selection.
Trust in your sales people to do their jobs without this underlying “microscope” that has been placed on us all this past year.  Good sales people by nature are internally motivated to go out and “win” and develop relationships that will provide the best customer experience.  I feel as though our current manager does not recognize his team’s ability to succeed without his micromanaging style.
Continue to support the FLEX policy. Continue to communicate with the employees on the latest status of products developments. Continue to foster an environment of growth and well-being at work.
Merck/MSD needs to be more flexible in processes across the board to ensure that we are not making ourselves non-competitive through our systems and practices. In particular, understanding and playing out risk-based scenarios needs to be better utilized and defaulting to the most conservative approach needs to be further challenged.
Continue to drive D&I behavior and address work life balance challenges at all levels
Support employees with work life balance, remote working and reduce commuting times. Much greater efficiency of work carried out when less time is spent in the car. Support virtual meetings with colleagues and customers. Fewer face to face company meetings and more virtual sessions.
Continue to provide coaching and mentorship to develop employees to help grow their career.
The COVID Vaccination concerns me, my family and I will not be taking it.. I am concerned if the vaccination was required by Merck due to travel or being in the office I would have to quit my job.
continue to make great products and continue to be kind to their employees.
Procedures (Change Control and Investigation), are complex and a simplify them would be of great help.
This is a small complaint, but for the "Move It" pillar of "Live It", Virgin Pulse is becoming increasingly tied to meeting a steps goal and personal fitness tracking. I am unable to wear a fitness tracker at work, and do not routinely wear one outside of work. I don't think those decisions should impact my potential benefit to earn money back for living a relatively healthy lifestyle, and seeking resources on Virgin Pulse on how to improve my lifestyle.
Keep the 'location' of your office policy flexible and truly enable remote working without fear of pressures to drive in and put face time in at the office.
Make work from home standard for those that are not essential to be present to manufacture product. Expand the flexibility to work from home. I am extremely more efficient working from home than driving to the site. Continue to foster an inclusive work environment, reinforce the 12 inclusive behaviors.
I have always felt that Merck is a great place to work ever since I was first hired.
Continue developing IT solutions to facilitate data analysis and decisions. Evaluate work balance within the new frame of work as a result of COVID 19. Remote work is more intense than usual and it seems to be difficult to outline work from personal life; meetings are scheduled b2b from 7 am to late in the day leaving little to no time to work during the day on other tasks and priorities, forcing long hours of work after working hours or weekends which impact the ability to support the family and take care of those that need support because of sickness or health conditions.
develop more drugs other than keytruda
Oncology Medical Affairs still disorganize and unstable- not clear guidance on strategy from leadership. Workers leaving the company and the ones who stay covering three jobs without being recognized.
Invest in R and D.  Reduce restrictions on email communication.  Stay out of politics.
Continue to share diversity & inclusion initiatives. It's refreshing to hear them and to feel as though you're wanted at Merck and MSD.  Continue to investigate new products so that our sales team doesn't lose focus and ambition to work hard selling equine products.
Not to make rash decisions and underestimate the importance of having designated office spaces for employees and the positive effect that has on team building, collaboration, and idea generation.
COVID programs have shown what is possible with focus, prioritization  and extreme collaboration in clinical development.  Cross-functional resources should be allocated to leverage those best practices where they can be more broadly applicable.   Whereas it seems the priority since the decisions has been to just decrease head count ASAP.
Continue to invest in people - and our development
I have been on board full time since Feb1, give me a bit more time and I'll be better able to address this question.
reward their employees more often
Merck needs to start getting back to Normalcy.  We need to set the bar, and  lead our industry on how we can get the fear out of people because of covid.  The covid era has weakened the collaboration and team.
Continue to focus on employees, patients, and customers.
Working from home due to COVID has made our working environment inefficient.  We need to find a way to get people back to the office if it is safe.  Between COVID response, Organon spinoff, Expedition '25 initiatives, the regular day to day, coupled with our inefficient 100% work from home model (out of necessity) is taxing on our teams who are working very long hours to achieve our mission.    We should look at the rigor level of how we work.  What is good enough to deliver our mission?  Talking to our teams about how they are doing is good but it doesn't change the work that needs to be completed.  We need to review our corporate/divisional calendar.  What we did to our teams between actuals / forecast / LROP timings was too much.  Our LROP has gone from a divisional exercise to a deep dive.  I don't believe people aren't using vacation days.  I'd suggest we ask teams about days off they have taken this year.  What can we do to get people to take vacation for their own well being?
Encourage managers to be acceptable of alternate work locations & schedules.  Due to pandemic, it would be helpful not have the added stress of manager expectations of being in the office 5 days a week.  We have all proven that we can work from home productively over the past year.
Have clearer plans when it comes to adopting a growth mindset.
Allow more flexible work schedules / job sharing / less meetings / time to get caught up on emails since all our time is spent in meetings we have to address emails in the evening or on weekends
Merck does a great job here.  COVID has shown how much we can do remotely - but also the value in being able to work live, in-person, with teammates and collaborators.  Merck should focus on ways to strengthen our already strong culture in creative ways once vaccines have been obtained and workers 'could' return to the office.
Don't make rules for some and not others  ( nobody is treated the same ) example some have to quarantine after vacation using vacation time  other are aloud to come back to work without any question depending on manager in same department
The flexible working arrangements has greatly added to my ability to manage work-life. I miss my work colleagues tremendously though and the engagement that can occur sporadically at the office. I look forward to continuing to challenge the ways we work and how we get the work done to allow for continued work-life balance as things being to open again.
Improve on employee professional development by having a better talent revision and to continue motivating employees to rotate positions so new openings and opportunities open for consideration for many more employees.
Continued flexibility of working situation during the pandemic.  People need space to manage the ongoing changes
Offer stock options and stock grants to CTRs and CTLs..not just the DCOs and above! Reward all employees for top performance. Pay/cover cost for gym memberships to keep employees healthy Increase the bonus and salary paid to Chronic Care employees...they are just as important to the organization as Oncology and Virology...Treating CC as second class citizens and putting Oncology reps on a pedestal is not fair ...Internal Medicine is one of the most difficult practices to access and we proved during Covid that we accounted for 60% of all online remote customer interactions. We are a trusted and valued partner with our customers.We should be on the same level - LER3 -and given the same respect ....diabetes has contributed massively to our company’s bottom line...and we will continue to contribute. These actions would make our great company even better. Diversity,Inclusion and Respect....
Find ways to resume working together, this web based zoom culture is destroying social networks, teams, etc.  We should be allowed to return to work, especially if we are vaccinated.
There is a great lack of organization at MSD. There are no carriers of culture with any authority. The dependence on a diffuse "we're all in together" mentality DOES NOT WORK to carry the culture to every group. There has to be a central, involved, and enabled QA presence in ALL major functions. QA should not be seen as a last signature on a document. QA needs to be the coordinating group between other groups, the group that enforces quality processes and trains others on quality systems, the group that plans projects that other groups feed into. They cannot be merely a consulting group at every decision point, slowing the process down. QA needs to drive its culture by being involved in all major projects and activities, and because it is the group that already fully understands quality expectations, quality becomes infused into all the processes it is involved in.  Many groups at MSD do not have well defined functions, or boundaries, leading to conflict and tension.
Offer the equal opportunities to all team members and be more transparent on how decisions are made. E.g. newest MSL team member gets prioritized for Med Advisor responsibilites vith very limited experience and more accomplished and experienced MSLs do not have the same opportunites
enhance the enterprise mindset because the silos approach is divisive and weakens the overall organization; decrease bureaucry, simplify processes across divisions,
Reduce the SDLC and my depart documentation complexity to introduce new Technology that will help in safe life.
all is good now!
While I believe it is important to focus on the youth for the future, I sometimes feel the more experienced employees are often overlooked for their opinions.
Merck should provide more opportunities for Administrative Associates to move to the Professional ladder, as well as job description for each band level.
Merck is the best place to work, even though I work here for years I feel we are always changing based on new goals and tools I get to develop and complete my work. I am proud to be here and believe that the strategy to keep employees aligned on the plan to fortify the future and opportunities for keeping talents and promoting job rotation internally could also be a way to success.
Continue emphasizing diversity and inclusion at all levels. Make employee motility a priority so that all levels have room to learn, experience, and grow within the company vision of diverse backgrounds and experiences.
Remote work should be flexible option for office workers to save on the environmental affects of green house gases from commuting and maintaining and office locations. Maximize and embrace technological capabilities and needs so employees who are able to work remotely can do so for the sake of planet.
There is a lot of work to be done on the topic of inclusion.  Speaking from an HR perspective, there are numerous teams and departments that claim to be inclusive but the team/department/site leadership members are not self-aware enough to know how their behaviors and words are perceived as exclusive by their team members.  It saddens me when employees tell me how they feel excluded in many situations and they don't feel comfortable speaking up because their opinions are not valued and taken as true.  I know of many females and UEG's colleagues that have quit because of this.
I would feel more supported if I had an option to 'trade' the '(dubious) benefits/discounts/memberships' in the Work/Life services program for a direct cash benefit that I could use on my own discretion.  Our annual bonus this year (for 2020) was reduced BELOW its target metric for my team, despite successful delivery (in my unit) on performance metrics. This was a disappointment of sufficient magnitude to make me consider options outside of Merck that recognize hard work during trying times in a more significant and meaningful way. Further, (around the time of the spin out of Organon), Merck stock (which has historically underperformed the market) took a $20/share hit, essentially erasing >20% of my long term incentive and retention benefit.  The expectations from senior leadership in my team appear to have been disconnected from the day to day experience of their field teams. They are slow to react and implement improvements. It would be great to have more proactive, engaged leaders.
Live new ways of working, accepting differences and challenge ways things have always been done by accepting newcomers voices even more.
Hire executives that actually believe in the five ways of working. Right now you have a head of GCD who is a dictator and a head of MRL who couldn't even fix translational medicine.
Keep communicating.
Continued flexibility and understanding of home-commitments due to pandemic changes in child care.
Focus on the business of developing vaccines and theraputics, and not get distracted by politics
We could trim 30% of the workforce from Keytruda sales/marketing, ask people to do more, give them the information to do so and they would deliver.  We have gotten too fat in terms of personnel and silo information from the people that need it all while hiding behind a compliance excuse.  Empower me to know more, do more, go more and watch me thrive.  Having been Covid vaccinated I am beyond the point of living in fear of the pandemic and am ready to resume everything I previously did in as normal a way as possible.
Re-evaluate the QMS redesign and QSIP to help sites execute changes more easily.  Sites need to be given the chance to succeed and all the tools more globally provided.  Specifically for data integrity topic 3.2 and digital solutions.  Sites are not always equipped to adopt new electronic systems and implement, it would be better if there was more help from global groups to even come on site to implement.  OR sites that have implement to share the solutions.
More: Empowerment, feedback, coaching, growth opportunities. Clear carreer plan (link to competency development plan).
Merck has done a great job providing both information and resources to manage work/life balance.  My Manager and administrative team reminds us to take time for ourselves and is always flexible which allows us to meet both the needs of the business as well as our family...
Managers and directors should be accountable for the examples of how they implement Merck's policies and strategies. In addition, there should be verification with the direct reports.  A quarterly check-in with the direct reports will likely expose the directors that are an obstacle for implementing innovative solutions to the challenges that we face daily.  We seem to only stay at the report of the survey results with no real plan to go deeper into the specifics that are causing the dissatisfaction.
Company expectations should align with workload.  We strive for monitoring excellence and inspection readiness which is nearly impossible with the workload I have.
continue to innovate and find ways to streamline/accelerate processes. provide flexibility in work-life balance guidance
As a consequence of Covid-19 most people have been working from home most of their time. Although there are for sure disadvantages of working  from home most part of the time, a combination of working a few days at the office and working a few days from home will be for me ideal. MSD could help his working force by having a clear plan for how to deal with this mix of working at the office and working from home after the Covid-19 pandemic has ended and roll it out.
Continue to connect groups. Avoid duplicating efforts. Evaluate actual process and continue to promote working from silos to networks.
At the global level, I feel Merck/MSD should further look at its portfolio and ensure that they are prioritizing initiatives throughout the year vs just rolling them out blindly. Specifically in 2021, I feel there are some initiatives within the organization that could have been better prioritized.
Continue to allow remote working to help manage our work life balance.
Keep top down approach to employee equality, health, work-life balance, etc  Monitor number of priorities... there are a number of deliverables, plus a number of priorities that really add up, sometimes this is not as evenly spread among resources as it could be
further prioritize work, initiatives and ways of working based on business and customer value
Continue with live it and leadership development programs.  Keep promoting the new ways of working and flexibility mindset
Continue to develop the Ways of Working process to encourage even more lateral thinking to further increase efficiencies.
Re-evaluate workload of employees.
We hire diverse talent, women and people of different backgrounds and cultures. Yet we completely enable others to use the system to just piggy back along on others success. Our end of year review and compensation structure is completely agist and biased towards those with more years at the company and doesn't support those who actually care about the mission and do the actual work
Expand the different types of healthcare plans so there is a choice of paying more per month for no deductible or lower the deductible on the offered plan to zero. I can budget for a higher monthly plan price, but cannot budget for surprise deductible expenses.
It would be great if Merck provided a second monitor. The old one that I had puts a strain on my eyes. Other than that, all is well.
Nothing more is needed.
Transparency, communication, value internal resources more than external ones. Trust in internal knowledge and input instead of blindly accepting external feedback.
Find better ways to reduce the attrition, to keep the talent within the organization
I notice we sometimes cycle between having decision making and resources at a above site level and a IPT level. This can lead to a lot of extra churn and difficulty communicating and organizing our information over years. In addition, we often taken alignment to certain things (for example CAPAs or audit observations) to a site level while not leaving room for each area that was not subject to the initial issue leeway to implement an effective solution specific to their area. This can lead to solutions that are effective in one area not providing the same benefit in another area or worse yet negatively effected performance in another area.
Be more open to supporting courage and candor.  Many times when folks who speak up in an appropriate manner they are looked upon negatively.  Be more supportive on lifecycle management of "older" products.  Good ideas are often not pursued as the company is unwilling to take risks or invest in ideas that could be profitable and expand access.
I really don't see any areas that they are working effectively to strive for a great place to work and deliver on our mission. All possible channels to keep us safe are also being utilized. This is a wonderful company to work for.  It is satisfying to know you work for a company that strives to help others.
Nothing to change really. Keep up the great work!
A company is comprised of its people.  The sales force does not have any development options.  Although the company offers “gigs” now, true sales people want to be challenged and have opportunities to promote within their division.  We have a tenured sales force and the band is to narrow to allow for engagement and motivation.  We can not think or speak outside the box due to potential legal implications.  10 years ago we had 5 or more growth moves within the sales group.  With an average tenure of 15years, we need to offer rewards individually not as a district...and there should be a plan for individual growth based on advanced/repeated outcomes.
When able to do so, have more face-to-face events and activities to help build the sense of belonging. Working remotely, and having hired many new staff, now requires extra effort to bring people together.
My department is swamped. Stress level is very high to me. We do not have enough people.
Focus on promoting and recognizing the most qualified people in the organization, not just those who meet certain HR objectives. Its become close to impossible to advance, or even move laterally, in this organization, if you do not meet the Diversity and Inclusion criteria. And if that is how the company is going to fill roles, then that needs to be at all levels of the organization, not just entry level and middle management. We have over-swung as an organization, and its leading to talented personnel leaving Merck, creating a tremendous knowledge gap
The HHIAD re-org has been a frustrating and disappointing process for everyone I've talked to in the department. Strong and experienced leaders were demoted or let go from the company to be replaced with outside hires. It does not leave a lot of faith for those of us left behind. Our skills do not appear to be valued in the new org.
Continue to focus on inventing medicines that improve patient's health
Compliance is extremely important but in the UK the processes/requirements can go beyond the ABPI Code requirements. In the eyes of our key stakeholder this is seen as excessive and rather that being seen to be acting with honesty and integrity. We are sometimes perceived in a negative light due to these processes, being seen to be "hiding behind process" and not being understanding and empathetic of the needs, time and challenges faced by key SL's ans HCP's
Caution on not overswinging on D&I -- it needs to be a focus to increase diversity in the interest of driving better business results, but there is risk to alienating existing groups who also play a large role in the company's success
Promote equity in jobs -
Focus on ensuring patients are able to afford the medications and treatments they need to stay healthy and not price gouge. Reduce the CEO/Executive to typical worker pay ratio. Continue to cease all political donations to those who have supported claims of a stolen US election.
Re-envision our entire way of working.  I'm not sure if and when we will go back to the office.  If many functions continue to operate in a work from home environment (which I don't disagree with) I think it will be important to schedule periodic (e.g. quarterly) in-person events either as group meetings or regional site based events (e.g Open House, networking, founder's day, etc.) to build a connection to the company.  There is something about walking through the doors, walking the halls, etc. that creates a sense of belonging.
Remove barriers that put us at a competitive disadvantage, reward employees with stocks or a simple thank you gift. An example would be to have a 2 drink maximum at a program with house wine and beer offered. Merck was already making sure that no one was out of control at programs at that educational content was being delivered and customers were engaging and having good dialogue about whatever was being presented. No one was out of control. Stock would be a nice offering, Sabaticals after 15 or 20 years of service would also be a nice perk. We do appreciate the RAT tool having the yellow option and also we appreciate Merck’s commitment to safety during the pandemic.  Pet benefits such as an allowance for medications would be great! $100 would be good. Or at least an option to cover pet meds would be nice.  More forward thinking towards the future as it pertains to marketing would be nice too. QR code’s should be added in for programs, PI’s (we waste a lot of paper). No one wants paper
Provide the right amount of people to do the job
Merck needs to listen to employees ideas and not always reject it b/c its something new.  Many things in my department could change but some management doesn't want to hear it.  There are many ways to get to the end result.  We should all want to get to the best result.  This could mean, changing how we get there.
We are not given the opportunity for flexible working arrangements. The company is going in the direction of socialism. I should not have to provide my "pronoun". The company has not done anything to help us get vaccinated. The company does not offer attractive accommodations: PTO plans/vacation days/flexible working conditions. We are not provided with resources to successfully get our job done. There is no work-life balance.
Re-evaluate priorities and workloads with CRAs/monitoring expectations
keep moving forward with the new ways of working
When implementing new systems, you need to engage the folks that work in the systems and not allow upper management, that does not know how the systems work, make the decisions.  Merck tends to implement new systems that cause many headaches later because the homework was not done upfront.  MDG is a good example as that had been an uphill battle since it was implemented in November 2020.  It is still not working correctly which is causing many delayed payments to our vendors.
I think MSD has been the best company i have ever worked at.  The reason i have selected 'strongly disagree' above is that i have taken a role at Organon that best fits my interests and experience.  Without hesitation i would recommend MSD a company to work at if asked.  I wish you every success for the future.
Merck is large, longstanding company, which provides great stability, but which also means that a lot of work and information is siloed and can be difficult to access.
Leadership team should continue to be transparent and supportive.   Also please understand that everyone is facing different challenges at an individual level.
Connectivity /visibility of work across organizations to eliminate redundant work. Simplification of processes. Build digital project without the burden of following paper process (instead of replacing a paper process, it is building a digital process).
Provide an environment of celebrating success and not focusing on "not good enough" even though performance exceeds objectives.  As salespeople, our motivation needs to be positive.  More opportunity to be advance from within the company. As quality candidates from within the company are being passed up for promotions, while outside candidates (with NO management experience) are being offered positions.  Stop lunching programs that salesforce spends significant amount of time promoting to customers that consistently get delayed (due to miscalculations). Our customers are over worked, overloaded with emails, virtual programs, staff challenges, etc. This only adds to their burden vs. becoming that trusted partner we are looking to be.
The tools provided need to work properly and additional tools need to be created so that we can effectively work.  There needs to be a re-focus on work/life balance.  Although this is spoken about all the time, it is not being embraced.  There are multiple days where our calendars are filled with meetings leaving no time to complete our day-to-day work, so we wind up working well into the night and on weekends.  There are too many mandatory "Academy' trainings that chew up 2-3 hours of our day for weeks on end.
1. Adjust the pay rate for specialty. The other companies pay at least $30K more for the same position.  2. Cost of living pay adjustments for areas like Northern Ca and the Northwest.  3. You are loosing good people and are unable to hire in these areas because of base pay issues. Of course the mangers voices are not heard on this issue. 4. Disband the bucket bonus payment. It is not a pay for performance. The bonus structure is complicated and compensates poor performance.
I enthusiastically support for Diversity and Inclusion, and moving away from Silos.  I hope these continue to be priorities for Merck and MSD moving forward.
in many ways, i feel the leaders are what's holding us back.  There's not enough effort in alignment and i feel the leaders sometimes lack the fortitude for the hard work needed to overcome some of the biggest challenges we face.  This is hard work, and it's too easy to settle for something less.  I'm also concerned with the lack of commitment for development of ALL talent.
Provide greater access to digital tools and have the system and organization in place to implement quickly
Increase head count.
New drug Pipeline to maintain stable operation and growth
we need to recognize the incredible amount of work that our teams across the company have undertaken in the last 15 months - to manage through COVID and support the spin      Our people our tired, stressed and burnt out.    We need to not only recognize the efforts but give people a little time to catch their breath post the spin (before we start on the next set of transformations)   Senior leaders of the company do not recognize all the work that is being done.  we are extremely fortunate to have such a dedicated workforce.
Continue to communicate and listen to feedback from the field.. Continue to be a great company to work for..
Require employees to get a vaccination unless they have a medical condition or religious objection.  We are a vaccine company.  We should model the way.
provide training to develop and support future leaders
The company needs to recognise the huge effort that people are putting in, and the sometimes incredible stress that people sometimes put themselves under, particularly with working from home, where it's not so easy to tap in with people and see how they're coping. Meetings MUST be decreased, and also they need to be more efficient and work better for people.
Work life balance needs to be addressed, I feel like I am working now than before COVID started.  There is no line between work and life now that I am working from home all the time.  I have hardly taken vacation time and am feeling burned out.
Paths to career development need to be more transparent. I agree it should be employee led, but often employees can’t see all available paths and resources. It feels like select employees are pulled forward, while the others must fend for themselves.
Keep striving to find ways to understand our customers business models so that we can find even greater opportunities to accelerate business within our own.
generally, I like our company. If benefit could be better, make people less worry about retirement, that will be great.
continue workplace flexibility around working from home even after it is safe to return to the office
Provide and communicate a model for performing data science across the company.
empower and develop every employee for realizing full potential
Continue to work on knowledge management and also help build skills of management so they can better support their teams
Please focus on development, making, and selling pharmaceutical products.  Refrain from being a participant in US and global politics.
Continue to move away from Silos to collaborative communities....
Prioritize, be open to new ideas and give flexibility in the future
Consistent messaging, valuing work-life balance and ensure teams are consistently managing that responsibly.
reform calibration and rewards processes
From my perspective, MSD is doing a great job on activities and/or policies related to great place to work. Recently in Mexico it was approvved a new matternity policy that benefits the mom and the dad as well. I think next steps is continue with home office not only but the pandemic, but make it "Standar" way to work. Some peple really do not need to go to the office every day to perform their activities. If MSD supports the people on how to create a good space to work in home, it Will be easier to everyone to make it reallity.
faster decision making, less layers of people managing
During this Pandemic ensure it is safe to return to the office and not being rushed because employees are depressed being home.  Safety before Comfort!  All Divisions should apply policies across the board for all levels when it comes to working from home.  This Pandemic proved or forced some Leaders to see it can be done at the lower Band Levels with success!
Still too much lip service regarding diversity and inclusion.  Change will be difficult until the 20+ year Merck employees retire.
1) Support remote working arrangements even after the pandemic. I am one of those people who work much more efficiently from my home office due to the lack of distraction, saving of 3 hours per day of commuting time, appointments are 10 easy minutes away instead of a rushed 75 minutes. 2) Provide teams with the resources they need to enable them to do their best work, specifically, by supporting a better balance of responsibilities.  Many people are trying to fulfill duties that are not within their capacity or experience. This doesn't only put strain on the additional responsibility, but it also puts significant strain on their core responsibilities for which they were hired. Spreading people too thinly and expecting them to perform tasks they're not equipped to do is extremely stressful, exhausting, discouraging, ruins morale, and is a tremendous cause of burnout as well as physical and mental health issues. Covid has made the once tolerable "do more with less" expectation dangerous.
Better technology and systems
When a project is cancelled, why waste resources (materials, time, payment of employees) on "closing out the project by qualifying it?"  Why continue qualifying something that will never be used?  Just my opinion, but that makes absolutely no logical sense whatsoever.  The project should just conclude with saying that it was cancelled and no more studies are needed.  What a waste of resources that could be used on other projects to keep moving forward.  If you had a car without an engine and would never install one, would you put new tires on it and repaint the car? Install a new radio in it?  No, of course not.  Same principle should apply here.  We are paying people on overtime to finish pointless qualifications.
Continue to encourage work life balance
I think Merck and MSD are on a good track to make the place a great place to work and deliver on the mission.  Things that they are doing and I hope will continue to do.  1. Take the best idea no matter where the idea comes from.  2. Continue to acknowledge the hard work people do and they will continue to go the extra mile.  3. Let me continue to grow in new roles with new responsibilities.
establish a work-life balance and hold management accountable to it.
Embrace the need for a modernized work place and flexibility for employees and do not rush back to the same model that we had in the past.
Should be focus on flexibility and balance between professional and personal life Be reference company for specialty business Increase recognition and change performance evaluation metrics
To organize the period for the implementation of different global initiatives for the countries to have the chance to have an better organization.
improve communication between marketing and sales on national sales campaigns to simplify processes; more transparent promotion process for new hires
Provide more clarity on promotion requirements and increase the promotion rates
Empower your employees with knowledge be more transparent with the company plans.Give employees a sense of belonging. I realize this is a large corporation but smaller companies are able to make their employees feel like family, more cohesive. Limiting virtual engagements to 25 people makes connecting with our customers extremely difficult. Lift the 25 limit rule.Virtual exhibit paperwork is so cumbersome it is almost like our company doesn’t want to support customers.Something needs to be done so that we are given opportunities to interact with our customers. Detailed plans on when we can resume face to face engagements.Organizations are planning for the rest of the year, we are missing out on opportunities to support. Make mental health care a top priority in our health insurance.Make it easier to find our benefits and utilize them for ourselves and our family. I realize they exist, but finding the resources is practically impossible unless you know someone who has already used them.
Making a better selection of the managers.
Commit to flexible workplace/ work schedules (long term, not just during COVID crisis) Provide employees with growth opportunities
Reconsider the use of external workers.  It is ALOT of work to continually interview, hire and onboard staff that do not stay with the company very long. This is NOT in the spirit of ways of working.  We need additional headcount to do our work efficiently and effectively.
Merck could do a better job of valuing their employees.  Within the oncology division many people are leaving due to increased salaries, benefits, appreciation.  Yes, we have a pension but many times that is not enough.  Most companies have better health insurance, fleet options, travel meal expenses, cell phone coverage, stock options, less regulations and more “perks”.
I believe that I work in one of the best companies
Streamline the onboarding process and make sure people either have the access they need for their roles coming out of NEO or they at least know what the next steps are to obtain that access.
Due to current job loss climate I fear that speaking up could put you at risk.  There is a supportive culture at present however, due to lack of resources (staff) and impending job losses there isn't as much support with your workload.  Often feel pressured to get the work done with additional hours or fail to meet metrics, and fear the current climate.  There is a lack of understanding of the way we work with our NHS sites which becomes apparent in the way we manage projects and select the sites we work with, which GCTO don't seem to learn from.  CRA training program is robust and similar could be beneficial for COM/CRMS as in Study meetings you can see the differences in project management.  Holistically there is a great global ethos which I really like and a sense of belonging, it makes me want to do my job well for MSD and is inspiring.
Merck talks about transforming the company and steps they're taking and it feels like lip service. Many of the decisions and actions that the leadership of my organization has made or taken do not seem aligned and are opposite of what Merck's senior leadership has said. Over the last couple of years the gap between what is being said and what is actually done is wider. The leadership needs to pay attention and listen. In my group people are leaving because they don't trust their leaders. Talk to the people at the lowest levels and don't let the the reporting layers cherry pick. Pay attention employees that have been with the company for a long time as well. There is such emphasis on "getting new blood" into the company that many of the faithful employees that have been here for a long time feel forgotten, 2nd class or less valued. Take a lesson from T-mobile - treat and act like your current customers, or in this case employees, are as valuable as your new customer/employees.
Empower people.
continue to focus on patients and develop/bring in novel products that advance patient care
Continue to work on the overall site culture and learn from the positive culture in B21. More avenues for healthy lifestyles would help balance the work/personal life challenges - i.e. onsite gym, health food vending machines, sponsored memberships to pools etc. This is normal in many other pharma companies.
Promote from within
"We try never to forget that medicine is for the people. It is not for the profits. The profits follow, and if we have remembered that, they have never failed to appear." - George Merck I feel our company must be reminded of this quote. Every decision that's made involves the financial aspect. When quality decisions are made, even though they may meet the minimum regulatory requirements, money and cost is still a factor that's brought up in every discussion. We are also focused on short term gains even if they result in long term losses. Sometimes gains do not always translate directly to dollars; it translates to a better working environment, increased morale, a motivated workforce, and increased compliance which is invaluable and this should be OK!  Understand that digital does not always equal faster or less work. Recognize that transformation requires time and heavy change management. Lead by example. Practice what our company policies state that we practice.
Imbed legal with marketing and sales to expedite our responses to customers/market
My answers above were based on my assessment of the Animal Health division and more specifically the livestock business of Merck Animal Health (MAH).  My answers would differ if they were based on the broader company.  I feel very comfortable in my current role and feel supported by my manager and those associated with MAH.  However, I do have concerns that those of us involved with livestock and working with customers in rural communities are not represented by Merck and Co.  Our top management needs to make sure they remember that a significant portion of our workforce and customers do not necessarily align with some of the comments made recently by our management.  It has not only cost us business, but also leaves many of us feeling alienated by our own company.   In addition, the Covid-related travel restrictions placed upon us have been frustrating and unnecessary.  They have cost us business as well as excellent, tenured employees.
Being able to work when home, when I am able, is a great way to relieve some stress that comes with work - life balance, especially during these pandemic times.  I don't feel pressure to go into work if I'm feeling under the weather,  and still am able to get a lot of work done.  The only negative about working from home is sometimes those who are in the office get more work added by those who work from home full-time.  I am generally in the office every day, so I often get a few extra tasks (although small) added to my work list.  I enjoy the possibility of working from home, but don't think people should do it full-time, maybe just 3 days a week.  Having people in the office more often opens communication channels more efficiently.
I think there should be more openess to new ideas and to challenge the status quo. It is not easy getting a project to be accepted and many of the ideas of new employees get rejected or stung along for months.
Continue to look for ways to work more efficiently.  Simplify processes.
Invest in research or acquisitions that will provide a stronger pipeline for the future success of our company.
Focus on improving the systems/technology that we use to get our work done, which often can be outdated, tedious, and time stealing to use. Also, since the pandemic, it is important to note that the work has increased exponentially.
Develop the people in order to provide clear roadmap / path for advancement opportunities.
In order to maintain a high standard of scientific excellence, Merck needs to be more competitive with its compensation. Our top talent is leaving for opportunities elsewhere simply because compensation/opportunities for advancement are limited here.
Focus on the critical few enablers and improvements that will support the strategy. This really requires a well aligned priority framework and multiyear plan at each level of the company down to the shop floor. I see to many instances in which senior leaders are not providing the frame work and thus not allow decisions to be made at the lowest possible levels.
MSD must continue with the work and mission of keeping its patients with the best therapies and continue to support its collaborators, continue with all that they have given us in support of professional and personal growth.  Just thanks to MSD from my family and me
Promote from within.  The most experienced personnel are often overlooked and not promoted, especially women.
Merck vision, beliefs and desirable outcomes is why I stay at Merck. My heart belongs to Merck. The frustrating part is the core mission doesn't always translate to actions at the shop floor level given all the challenges and obstacles on a daily basis. Trying to drive a change in mindset and behaviors is difficult in some areas,  it is like swimming up creek without a paddle.
Better compensation. MSD should be the leader not just to be on par with other Pharma. To have MRL compensation lowered after a successful year was insulting!!!
Focus on the right things instead of focusing on explaining why we are where we are.  Really put people first and take decisions that improve the working conditions of our teams.
Nothing negative to report. Merck is a wonderful company and I could not be happier to be part of the organization.
Helping employee to achieve work life balance. Start with helping staffs to reduce travelling time to and fro work.
Right now EHS has a very heavy hand within the company, and is many times blocking or impeding perfectly acceptable designs from engineering because they don't like the design for whatever reason.  Right now if there is an issue with EHS then the project team is scolded from EHS, and then the issues are elevated to 2-3 levels above the site without any participation from the project team.   I think Merck should make the project process more collaborative with EHS and remove some of the power they have to stonewall projects because of personal differences or personal preferences that EHS wants.  The SOP's from EHS don't drive the conversations that they are requesting, and when I ask them to change the SOP's to help drive these conversations the reply is that this type of information is not needed in an SOP, and EHS has the ability to change the SOP's based upon their preference that day.
Improve the time it takes to on board of new staff.
Embed sustainability into our DNA and decision making. Currently - I dont think this is really discussed at a practical level. It needs to be a key part of our strategy.
I do believe Merck can be a great place to work, but I think this varies by Division/Group.  In my Division, I feel there is some behavior by a few (but an influential few) that takes away from Merck's great reputation (e.g., escalation of issues, gossip, allowing one perspective to go unchecked/jumping to conclusions, allowing emotional behavior to potentially destroy others' reputations).  I believe managers (from mid to senior level) have the opportunity to step back, get the facts, empower people to solve their own problems before allowing escalation of issues that take away from business productivity (and potentially damage reputations of colleagues).
We need to stay on top of automation  on the factory floor. We need to make sure our costumer's are first and there needs are answered in a timely manor. Innovation is one key factor that will drive us in the future .MSD shouldn't be followers but leaders in innovation and civic duties. I take pride in working with my colleagues at MSD we come together as a team at our facility . Our Plant manager inspires us to be safe and to show compassion to our fellow workers. It has been a tremendous ride so far.
I think Merck and MSD have done an excellent work during this years within their Human Resources, I am really Proud to work in this amazing company and looking forward to keep building my future here
I believe the number of days to telework should be increased  when there is a return to the office.  Prior to the pandemic, we were only allowed one day a week in my group. Increased teleworking for those who prefer it allow for the better management of stress and work/family balance.  It also increases productivity and a happier employee.
Great company, greatful for being part of this familiy.
1. Focusing on increasing employee retention rate at Elkton.  2. Focusing on increasing diversity at all organizational levels.
Better communication, allowing more travel for our reps (many if not all other companies have been traveling for months), working with the salesforce to make decisions that will actually benefit the company and our customers, have more consistent supply of products.  On a different note, we are constantly encouraged to speak with our managers about promotions and that if you want to move up, Merck has a place for you. However, recently that has not been the case. Myself, along with numerous others have applied for positions, interviewed until the very end, then the position was filled by someone externally. If this were one time, with one person, no one would be concerned. The issue is that it is different people, different times and different positions. We have lost valued members of our teams for this very reason.
Merck is already a great place to work.  Perhaps consider assessments to ground-level tasks to streamline and improve time efficiency (i.e., copying and scanning, stationary supply, document management process through to repository storage).  Thank you
When implementing new technology, test it fully in conjunction with personnel who perform the activities on a daily basis.
I'm a recent rehire, and returned to Merck in Nov2020.  I'm sure its partially due to COVID, but its been an uphill battle.  The most basic of in office/lab supplies have been hard to set up, and the scope of the projects I'm on is still very confusing to me.  Having better onsite support, and having someone responsible for handling project overviews would be very helpful.
more BD deals to broaden footprint of innovation and impact. Continue meaningful  D&I actions. Continue to take an active and engaged role as a company in improving public health, access to healthcare, and innovation. I also have respected Ken's voice on social justice, company integrity, and voting rights.
accompany our new ways of working, innovation, digital mindset beyond whats being said in the strategy or presentation from each leadership team. Each strategy should be backed up with real change in place in avery country. Also Give real opportunity for young leaders to climb to first line leadership position. Its hard for young leaders to rise to this kind of positions if the mindset to development is still traditional.
Provide better training and tools to the managers so that they have have a better relationship and management of their team
Pay and benefits could improve, which are below market in the country I am in. I am an Associate Director and have received outstanding performance appraisals and still do not receive RSU's.  There is no pathway to Director either.  On the other side of the matter, I am grateful to have a job that allows me to work from home during the pandemic.
It's hard to read our mission and not wonder why we are not doing more with covid and its vaccines.  Hopefully Keytruda stays on track for cancer and we can have a breakthrough on Alzeimers
Clearly define the company strategy beyond Keytruda. It feels that we are placing all of our eggs in one basket. The recent set backs with covid 19 vaccines and oral therapy underscore the need for a clear path forward.
Investment in additional team and talent to deliver on expectations and opportunities for our portfolios. Or set and stick to a realistic prioritization of what the company will deliver on and what we cannot do given resource limitations.  Focusing on actively supporting employee work life balance and health is critical - positioning employees to actually make use of available time and tools.
Align FTE resources with work demand.
Reimagine the way we reward our employees. Our AIP system is not aligned with nor supportive to ways of working.
Quit with the politics...everyone has different perspectives and views.
more resources for GDO
Inclusion principles need to remain in the forefront of everyone's minds.  With remote working, some positive social norms are falling by the wayside.
I would start with aligning expectations towards the employees who have the same position within the company. Lack of proper balance in tasks distribution and expectations leads to some employees being overwhelmed with workload and frustrated, not to mention lack of proper work-life balance. What I am also missing are development opportunities for experienced employees who however do not want to take up managerial roles. Not everyone is a born leader and not everyone wants to become manager one day, yet it seems like this is the only direction to go at some point (sometimes even when you explicitly stated that you are not interested in becoming a manager, you are repeatedly suggested to take up some managerial tasks). This brings me to the my last conclusion regarding diversity and inclusion. I think that this issue should be approached not only in terms of race, ethnicity or religion but also in terms of respecting everyone's boundaries and individual preferences on everyday basis.
Focus on the development and delivery of our medicines to make a positive difference in people's lives.  Hire the best talent for roles to drive performance and delivery of objectives.  Refrain from engaging in politics as Merck's employees and customers represent a broad spectrum of beliefs and our mission should be to serve all equally.
Continue to express importance of Diversity and Inclusion within the workplace and in general.
Explore new opportunities (pipelines, business development, etc.) and improve efficiency and productivity.
Better onboarding for new employees coming from outside of Merck
I've been working at Merck for more than 23 years, and I've never been more proud to work here than I have during this past year.  Our leadership's message to the world has been clear, focused and strong. Thank you.
the option to continue to work from home.  We've proven we can do our jobs successfully or even better through Covid.  Why not allow us to work from home moving forward?
Merck needs to move from its over cautious approach to all things compliance.  We are putting ourselves at competitive disadvantage compared to the industry.  I agree in being compliant but not to the point it puts us in a negative situation.
Invest more in digital efforts to ensure we remain competitive and able to attract talent in this space.
OGC should follow the same rules than the rest of the company in things like : tools like inspire awards, HR instructions of not making forced ranking, simplifing the way of working and approving within OGC, empowernment (even differentiation of lowest bands in OGC is imposed top down), fostering speaking up within the OGC division, etc.  HR issues and budgetary controls in my opinion are improvable by OGC everthing gets over-complicated even if the time and money is not worth it, micromanagement is time consuming, inefficient and frustrating in OGC as compared to the rest of the company.
With our upcoming transformation changes in IT, it would be nice to see what roles (and necessary) skills are needed to take us into the future.   Being someone that has moved over to IT from another part of Merck, I'm not sure we always leverage or value that in our performance assessments. The ability to transition and learn new skills quickly is something that we are not assessing.   It has been my experience that when you give a problem to someone that continuously shows that they will go "get" what is needed, these are the people that you want to keep in your org. This goes for AMS certificates, Agile certs etc. I'm not sure that my managers and their managers are assessing individuals from this perspective.   I'm also concerned about who is doing the assessments. If we want a new transformative state and our current managers did the assessments but they also haven't worked in this future state, how do we know that their assessments are relevent? For example- I have a new manager
Fight back against silly rules around engagement with customers
Vacation should not expire when we don't have enough time to use it all.  There should be an option to cash out of vacation days in these unfortunate circumstances.  Certainly in the ideal situation everyone should feel as though there is enough time to schedule vacation.  I find (especially in 2020) that it was very difficult to actually use vacation as intended.  For example, in the always expected to be online and connected  environment we need to work a bit harder to allow everyone to disconnect in the evenings, on weekends or when they are on vacation.  What good is taking a vacation day Friday if you have to work Sunday night to make up for it?
open minded to new technologies, new mindsets and risk taking to be aligned with the industry and to lead the industry
Have managers organize virtual meetings with their direct reports (as a group) and provide more departmental opportunities to discuss issues, barriers to working efficiently, concerns and achieving work-life harmony.  Provide as many opportunities as possible for F2F meetings once regional restrictions are lifted.
Upon hiring managers, make sure they understand the purpose behind the company's values. Also, create a flexible workplace that allows employees the opportunity to take on more assignments/projects/tasks in order to have more valuable work experiences.
a stronger position in requesting EU to review the work law, enabling more freedom in working from a different country under specific circumstances. improve services provided by third party vendors in our facilities.
I feel there is a disconnect between what I hear on the EBB & Merck/MSD Townhalls versus what comes down through the regional levels to the sites. I think we want to be aligned and moving forward together, but I don't always get the sense leadership between the various groups send the message in the same way. My perception is this causes issues at the site level and can cause misalignment to overall organizational priorities. Additionally, some of my answers are a bit misleading because while overall I feel supported in the projects I work on above site, at site level it isn't always the same level of cooperation and the disfunction I experience at times is frustrating. There is a definite need to upskill leadership and coaching capabilities and I think if we had roles and responsibilities better defined at my site the desire to improve is there but the time component is lacking.
Consider bringing in senior leadership from other companies, particularly small and medium-sized biotechs, with strong support for change from other Merck leadership.  The COVID-19 pandemic really put on display our inability to quickly adapt, evolve, and change when we really needed to.  We've seen many talented people leave, either out of frustration, for greater opportunities, or both.  We will need to change rapidly if we want to compete in an industry that is rapidly becoming less conservative in terms of risk tolerance.
Keep the core of our culture (purpose and innovation) and challenge the rest (how we do things), we must be faster and adapt faster to a World that is changing very quickly maintaining the core of our culture.
Continue to have conversations regarding diversity and the climate of the country. Continue supporting minorities and helping them to grow in their career.
I think it boils down to how you treat employees. Merck cannot simply rely on its reputation within the industry to maintain employees and pay them less. Merck has been severely restricting the resources needed to do your job, asking employees to do more with less all the time (including endless stretch assignments when short staffed etc. with no additional compensation), and not compensating in a competitive manner relative to its peers. Merck is also implementing very heavy handed, authoritarian approaches to maintain a consistent way of doing things worldwide, and this approach really restricts new ideas, or makes it so difficult to get anything new implemented that you just doing have the energy or motivation to try and doing something new and positive the next time.
Improve processes (HR) and communication. Possibility to work from abroad.
I wanted to work for Merck for years before I did, I would say Merck is my dream company to work for; however, I think continuing to ensure equality in pay, growth for employees that are seeking it, and allowing people to put family first (increased maternity/paternity leave with pay; cont flexible work arrangements) would be good places to continue the work. Merck tends to hire the type of people that value their work and I believe that continued flexibility with working arrangements and more "job well dones" will only result in people working harder because they feel valued and trusted. I would also love it if more departments had opportunity to participate, drive and make a priority to join in on green initiatives such as more implementation of renewable resources (solar panels for each building, recycle reain water for our Merck landscape etc).  Thank you
Relentless focus on our customer/business...Both short-term and long-term.
Provide appropriate people (FTE) resources to teams in need of it the most
Continue to seek the best and most talented individuals for positions regardless.  Do not get involved in political and social arguments - focus on being the best company we can be.
Listen to customer needs
We should adapt change, being an agile organization with empowerment in decision making is critical. We have to look product development and manufacturing from an after covid lens. Barriers to entry seems easier vs before for pharma and especially vaccines. We are still working on regular path for development and targeting 10-12 years for some products. On the other hand we saw real life examples of doing these in less than 1 year. We have to adapt change to prevent a Nokia - Apple case in the pharma industry. I am looking forward to our new leadership to make bold moves to protect our patients and people.
I appreciate all the resources and benefit updates the organization has provided since the pandemic started.  This has shown me how fortunate we are to be at Merck.  However, since being remote, I've felt distant and siloed from the organization preventing me from developing meaningful relationships and discussions that I had prior pre-pandemic.  I've tried to utilize some of the resources the organization provides, but still feel a bit disconnected from the organization as a whole.
focus on talent retention (in-role development for individuals not pursuing different roles, embrace 'stability'), increased utilization of LTI
Improve the network infrastructure at a more rapid pace, improve compensation as we are falling way behind our competitors, and I'd like to see better leadership from Senior Management (VP levels and up). Specifically, as it relates to making decisions around divisional priorities. Make the hard decisions and stand by them versus taking the "I want it all approach" as this later approach is truly impacting employees in a negative way.
Continue to engage employees and keep them informed.  Continue to support remote working and keeping employees safe and healthy.
Listen to the people on the work floor, take them serious, not purely top-down management. Check the culture of each department by and independent audit group to see if it already fits or still fits in the philosophy as communicated by Global MSD.
There are many processes in place and it tends to slow the progress of projects.
Increase transparency within the chain of command. Ensure that leaders are less concerned about metrics and that they are open to hearing the feedback from their reports and encourage push back when cascading down initiatives. Giving additional support when initiatives demand it.
often company becoming inhuman and illogical while making policies . Specifically indian operation.
Already feel the organization is doing this with the recent roll-out of remote working for the future!
Stay out of Politics. Focus on the mission of saving improving lives around the world.
Further enhance work/life balance, career advancement, and competitive benefits.
Merck does a great job but possibly offereing more benefit plans such as gym memberships or cell phone plans
Prepare for the future by investing in the systems and controls we need to handle tighter environmental regulations and more potent compounds.
Better connection/ communication between managers and employees
no suggestions at this time
Proper resources to do the work as employees need a work/life balance to stay engaged and have time to also develop.
Stick to what we do, produce products that help patients.  Leave the politics out of things.
Flex hours (4 day work week) and/or increased pay scale for regional workers
Being appreciated for the contributions I make in meeting with customers face to face.  Also, outlining the pathway to the future knowing that my role can evolve to meet the needs of our company’s goals.
Make your compensations more competitive.  Other companies are paying more money than Merck and right now life is very expensive,
The vision and core values are great but the translation doesn't often happen at a grassroot level. Having a 2 way feedback system would empower the employees.
Improve resources and possibilities for employees to work from home.
less bureaucracy and less complexity of the basic procedures
Continue to focus on unmet medical needs and delivering our product in new and innovative ways.
Be less conservative and risk-averse: (i) Better use of our vast wealth of clinical data to inform Discovery efforts; (ii) Less worrying about IP when drafting agreements with collaborators/CROs in the discovery space - time is more important than the very low chance valuable IP will be generated!
keep working the same way, what an amazing job all the magmt team has done.
let your employees get back to work full time
Continue to be transparent and allow employees to bring ideas forward.
Hold managers accountable to be better managers for their people and not just the bottom line. Make them walk the talk around DEI work and not just be figureheads.
Woman in top positions should be encouraged
We are not changing at the speed our competitors do. Why don't we create a working group to re-check all the steps from compliance to legal, from Patients Support program up to educational programs, from virtual meetings and digital engagement to clinical studies or pre-licensing, with a unique purpose of accelerating the change and simplify the internal processes.
Respecting the basic human right of the employees. Allowing fluidity for employees in managing work and life. Decentralize decision makings as much as possible to encourage experimentation/taking risk or new approach.
Continue with the efforts on D &I. I feel when it comes from the top and isn’t just a once a year one hour training that is easily dismissed. it makes a difference in how we understand what D&I means to us and our working/ life when we have a continuing education, after all it is a life long endeavor and Merck is not a diverse environment so it’s a way for folks to see the world from a different lense.
Continue being transparent with employees. Be honest about changes in the company. Continue bringing diversity in the workplace. Encourage people to be their best and to help develop employees.  Continue giving employees and managers the needed tools to be successful
Review the CVs and make sure salary is fair. Encourage more work from home abilities in 2022 and 2023.
To identify the employee needs, in terms of resources, spaces, co work facilities i.e., good equipment and also to facilitate development resources as courses and trainings.
Focus on science, develop people and recognize talent.
Add new products in portfolio in Indian Market. So total sale can be improved.
Keep supporting everyone within the company.
continue to drive the D&I at all levels of the organization.  We also need to remove work from and prioritize the work.
To understand that we are still juggling kids being home and non-routine schedule for schooling.  Work flexibility is key right now and we are trying our best to get work done and take care of our families.
Company should make sure diversity really mean something inside company. Recently, within MRL, culture changed to a weird direction. KW program chemistry leader actually told people in public that get and discuss research data should get approval.
Continue to embrace the high flexibility given to the complete work remotely.
Fully engage in understanding employee needs
monetary benefits, like being able to buy company Stocks, being able to change monetary studies support to a budget for traveling(AKA PG current benefit).
Keep customer always at the front. take some non-typical approaches to collecting information on next areas to study.  More, innovative, and truly useful products in the animal health space (not just quantity but truly benefitual products.
Allow for other people's opinions in regards to vaccinations and other social issues which now seem to be pushed on to people vs being discussed, looking at the data and caring about what people think especially those with opposing opinions.  Shutting down people for their convictions goes against diversity and the leadership principal of speaking up with courage and candor.  No one can is allowed to have an opposing view.  Sad.
A salary increase policy for senior employees as well.
Merck/MSD is a great place to work and focused on patient health is as good as it can get. From employees stand-point, i think health care benefits should be improved in terms of available plans by comparing with peer group.
Access to the same child care benefits employees on the East Coast have access to. We don't have the same providers here in Idaho, so we miss out on the potential for some of the discounts and services.
Trust all employees to do their jobs. Stop being front page news in a negative way. Stay out of the politics and focus on us not them. Continue to be an industry leader with innovation. Improve the current amount of PTO days so more people can take the time needed to relax and stay mentally strong.
Continuing to diversify to get many experiences in every department as much as possible to spread the learning.  Maintaining an inclusive atmosphere at the work place.  Consider long term working from home flexibility, and continue to focus on our customers & patients first.  Some are better then others adopting these habits, but if we keep these things a focal point of our mission, more and more leaders will get used to this new mindset and wont discard it as just the new or latest flavor of the month/year.
Play extra time, given that most of GPVCM colleagues, work more than 8 hours per day and 48 hours per week
I have no additional comment. I feel very lucky to work with such a great company and great team. Thank you! :)
Start taking more of a risk based approach.  Ensure that Directors and above are business managers not just SMEs.
I wish that Merck leadership would take a step back from political stances, and focus on the science and medication part that we are so great at.  I am all for Merck standing up for supporting the oppressed, but it seems like that Merck leadership is most known at the moment for jumping into very divisive issues in our country at the moment.
Encourage individuals who have been working the same role for 5+ years to move to another role to expand their skill set. It is important to continue to evolve and to bring in new perspectives from different individuals. Too many people at Merck get complacent and stay in their current role for years and therefore others who are interested in doing that role can't have that same experience. This is especially true for field based roles Band 4 and above.
we need to look at simplification of processes and procedures - ensure that there is a primary source of information that all systems feed off of so that we have the most accurate data at our finger tips at all times - this aid in successful automation of tasks
Merck and MSD should further cut their processes which is a great barrier to innovation and speed to market
Aligning positive work culture from all divisions in Merck
Continue to recognize what a diverse and dynamic climate we are all living in...thank you for charting the course and re-charting quickly as events develop.
Work in a real life balance, some of people have too much workload and they are no able to have a real life balance
Remove the non-value add work that is created with the process heavy approach to everything at Merck.  When one tries to outline a different path / different way of working it is met with "we have always done it this way".  When actually examples of challenges are presented to senior leaders it goes into a black hole - no one is willing to address conflict.  Sr. Leaders do not do not have well functioning leadership teams and they do not take steps to make everyone accountable.
Merck Animal Health in Millsboro, DE needs to be involved in the community - I was surprised to learn just how little is done, even before COVID.  There are still many ways to support the community even during a pandemic.
Continue taking care of the employees
All employees knows we are facing challenging times due to COVID outbreak, and we all know all efforts MSD is making to keep the health of employees despite these very difficult times. But let’s be CONGRUENT. Maybe is not the moment to talk about personal-professional balance and we need to focus only on achieving results.There are a lot of messages promoting this balance, but at the same time there are less resources, higher objectives, less time, no barriers between personal-professional time, etc. Or let's assume the cost of this message we are promoting asigning resources to the areas, convey specific working hours and respect the personal time of the employees, etc. I would say, both approaches could be right, but we need to decide which one we want to adopt because until now both things are not happening. Let's do the talking and the teams will follow, but not been congruent can cause lose of credibility, anger, losing of engagement to the company and not achieving objectives.
I think continuing the flexible work schedule is a great idea
Continue to develop and promote talent
Continue to build on the recent focus on D&I and employee well-being.  It is great to have these called out explicitly and I look forward to the continued advancement along these two areas of focus.
There is a sincere disconnect from VP level down to the shop floor.  Management of change inspired at the VP level and/or divisional level is poorly planned and executed, and does not reach out for input from a shop floor or even site level. This needs to be addressed, although it seems to be a systemic issue.
talent retention strategy- need to understand why people are moving on to either different roles or outside of the company.
Communication
I see so many long-term employees who have wealth of knowledge, but I am not sure if their knowledge has been easily accessible to new employee or shared in the way it helps new employees to grow. I believe in "Sharing" experience, ideas,  knowledge will make teams stronger and will help create positive environment where we all can work effectively,  efficiently without stress.
Definitely need to invest more in IT support, specifically, data storage solutions and big data analytics, supporting not just selected big impact high priority projects but also investigative smaller research projects that will guarantee the future. There is never enough IT support and it slows down our progress!!!
Stress control of employees
Continue to teach, train, trust, and empower Merck Vaccine VCR group—highly intelligent and able to utilize new resources when/if approved for our use.
Make realistic timelines and allocate the right amount of resources to accomplish our goals
Work to understand the ecosystems in which customers exist and how to be a relevant partner.  Compliance is a key to our mission but lack of understanding of the market and current compliance policies are unreasonable and lead to additional risk as well as not being on par with industry standards which allow for competitive business performance.  My fear is that we are investing in highly complex capabilities but have not solved for very basic capabilities to allow best in class customer engagement.
Continue not only to focus on racial and lifestyle diversity, but also gender equity. Last year, I took on a new role with far more responsibility and leadership. When I asked for a promotion, I was told it was not possible. When I requested a mid-year off cycle pay increase, if I performed well in the position, I was told it was not possible. The reason given: The goal is to get everyone to the mid-way point in their salary range. I'm a single woman, working towards retirement. Every increase over the next 8 years, helps me reach that goal more successfully. I wonder sometimes, if the answer would have been different had a been a man.
Merck does a great job at being transparent about the portfolios.   Since Merck stepped out of the Covid race, I would like to know what else is on the horizon for Merck.   There are adjustments happening within the portfolio and it will be important for us all to know if there are impacts from this.
Continue as currently. People are above all.
so that existing resources are not so overburdened and so they don't need to continuously work nights and weekends to get the necessary tasks done: 1) add resources where GTT data shows they are necessary and 2) slow down project work where possible so that deadline are manageable without herculean efforts
Remove barriers within R&D for animal health. It takes us 5-7 years to bring products to market, when our competitors can have it done in half the time. Why?  I am concerned that lately in the news our CEO expresses himself as if he speaks for all Merck employees, but he doesn't represent me. I am a Christian, a group that I don't feel is included when Merck speaks about I&D. If we are truly a diverse company that has no prejudices, then I should not be able to see what political party anyone in my management support and vice versa, they should not know who I support. We should keep politics out of our everyday working environments. I don't appreciate having to defend my company's stance on different political matters, when they are ones that I don't personally support. I, nor any employee, should not be put in this situation.
Continue to value your employees and continue to strive to make this a GREAT place to work and let everyone know that every persons role in the company is essential to Merck's continued success and future
Please continue to focus on ways of working and expanding the breadth and depth of inclusion.  There are many who believe that ways of working is the 'highlight of the moment' and any day the good ol' boys club will be back.  It would be great to see more white men speak up about ways of working and inclusion to shift the standard.
Provide a little more direction during NEO training, when I first started with Merck almost two months ago I wasn't made aware that I was suppose to be clocking in and out to track my work hours. Additionally, I didn't get any information about annual raises just the annual incentive (which is great) but I just question that from time to time.
Lots of leadership change, seems everyone is jumping boat.  What does the future of Merck look like?
More opportunities to promote deserving individuals based on their performance rather than when an opportunity becomes available (i.e. open position)
Continue the great efforts made recently to expand development opportunities within and outside of one's department, and to support work/life flexibility.
Ensure hiring takes place so that there is a succession plan at all levels.  I feel that there is more bias for the higher level positions when this is taken into account
Stop ignoring the lower people, the ones who work with the systems/databases day in and out, it seems that the decisions and procedures are being made by people who aren't constantly submerged in the systems and no one is asking for the "regular" worker's opinions and thoughts. It's frustrating to see easy procedures made complex and time consuming.
Ensure the company has the correct number of resources and adequate training to make new projects and programs sustainable. Continue to try to simplify processes.
People love how Merck operates right now, we put the veterinarian first and emphasize our relationship with distribution. I hope we don’t try to become the BI or Zoetis of the world. Only a matter of time with our portfolio before we become the major force in animal health.
Remove all the political pressures that are emailed from the top.  There should not be any political emails unless it relates specifically to a product or pharmaceutical business.  Pushing a political agenda from the top is not part of a great company.  It is severely one sided.  Even though I am on the other side, I wouldn't want political pressures from that side either.  When the company preaches we should feel safe about speaking up, this behavior does not support that statement.
The operational excellence and making processes easier. Right now there a lot of very heavy processes that slow down work or simply are just not effective. An alignment of systems that are outdated and where each country/market have their own system. Like absence reporting to give just one example. Why is there not just one system? The same goes for many things. Like we download powerpoint templates and need to go to a site. Why are they not just in the program already like in other modern companies? We are sometime dusty in how things work internally and it could need to be much more smart, effective and easy to navigate.
Use 360 feedback to be evaluated by people above and below you and at your same level.  Stop comparing one person against another when it comes time for calibrations and instead use SMART objectives to compare one against how well one did against those objectives as well as determine one's potential.  Evaluate also based one's interactions with others - the soft skills - before promoting someone to the manager level.  If you think Merck is already employing these, think again.  Investigate.  The current culture pits one against each other in order to get ahead.  That is counter-productive when Merck wants to build an inclusive model where all ideas are valued, where collaboration is valued, etc.
Merck should continue to encourage diverse and inclusive environment for different races, ethnicities, religions, perspectives/opinions.
Continue to work on reducing barriers between groups to most fully leverage our internal resources.  Continue to invest in IT support, resources and software that help scientists operate more efficiently and effectively.
I am an employee who has felt like I have covered and struggled to find my place/voice for most of my 20 years at Merck.  This last year has been the most liberating empowering me to take off the mask, show up differently and tap into who I am as a leader.  I am hopeful that our leaders will focus on helping all employees to uncover their true leadership while also creating a sense of safety, value and inclusion.  I am hopeful that the struggle to be authentic and to feel empowered will ease as we start to see more representation across all markers of diversity and leadership styles in leadership positions.  I am hopeful that our corporate strategy will continue to stress the need for bold and inclusive conversations, accountability from the top to the bottom, diversity, equity, inclusion, use of emotional intelligence and care for the whole employee.
In terms of the work environment, Merck/MSD should continue investing in the programs and tools needed to invest in its people.  On the mission, continue to communicate the strategic priorities and how they filter down through the organization to ensure that we are strategically working on the correct initiatives.
It would be great to see concrete steps to ensure diversity and inclusion at the CTT level. It is important for the CTT to be open to insights from the country teams since they are closer to the pulse of our sites in an ever evolving standard of care. The old standards keep evolving and the country teams see this evolution and so it is important for the MRL CTT to be open to feedback coming from medical teams in the local country.
please treat the people who work here as adults that can make informed decisions. the recent dropping of certain picture types that are used on Yammer is a good example. Also, leaders reacting to the news cycle with emails out to entire company - we are not interested in our company leaders political opinion. I was embarrassed for Ken Frazier for sending a 'reaction' email on the incident when a disturbed person attacked a business, and when after the dust settled it was determined the incident was NOT motivated by race, by rather by the individual being emotionally disturbed. I don't need leaders lecturing me on how I'm supposed to think about current events.
Provide a more connected environment in the remote workspace both within our immediate departments and to the broader enterprise. Provide a stronger sense of unity as a corporation in the new environment. Make immediate, clear, impactful, measured steps in how to become promoted in this disconnected work environment, with less networking, almost no face-to-face interaction (where we have been instructed to stay off video in meetings due to bandwidth), and little interaction day to day.
The Oncology arena continues to work in crisis mode on a daily basis with meetings often every early in the morning and evenings as well as throughout the day.  Since quarantine, work days are commonly 10-12 hrs long and personal things get accomplished on an abbreviated weekend before working Sunday nights to prepare for the work week.  If Oncology is going to continue to be to the focus of the company, then we need to find a way to work in this fast paced environment and have the resources to get back to having some work life balance and core working hours in order to retain staff and experiental knowledge.
1) Continued investment in R&D. 2) Continued investment in technologies to enable more efficient business operations. 3) Continued attention to building the workforce of the future AND development opportunities for/across current workforce.
Maintain a competitive compensation package to maintain talent
Focus on the mission and MLK’s teaching.
Our Sr. leadership model is unhealthy. The tier process demands elevation of minutia which they invariably weigh in on leading to rework. Complex decisions are put off which due to urgency get made at the working level. Diversity of thought is 'cleansed out' as tier escalations travel from less like-minded employees to the non-diverse few w/in the sr. leader's "team" none of which like to admit when they don't have the answer and don't realize it's not their job to. We never hear "why is this being discussed at this level?" or "why aren't we speaking to the actual person who performed this analysis and can answer the questions now?" Individual contributions are diluted and a vacuum of 'group think' convinces those furthest from the shop floor that everything is under control. Example, Jacks Lee holds Town Halls, except he only invites his Director levels and up. If he doesn't understand what a Town Hall is, none of his Directors have bothered to correct him. Perhaps twitter next?
1) Provide Incentives for Loyalty / Talent Retention -> In-Line promotions have a low salary increase vs. leaving Merck & Long Term Incentives don't benefit lower levels in the organization 2) Align Priorities & Goals -> Everybody should have the same set of priorities and goals in a working team, too often there are competing priorities at multiple levels in the organization.  Disagreements aren't settled real-time and personal biases come into play.
Have managers care more about work / life balance and not just by talking about it but set an example of it
diversify pipeline,  stop new hiring  but promote current employee
continued to allow people to work remotely, and not force them into the office
This is a $49 billion company - always remember that.  The focus is on other items excluding the business such as politics and social justice.  Question for senior leaders -- do you want people to remember you as great business leader or a WOKE activist?  If it is the latter - then you are in the wrong job, I'd recommend politics or community activism as a career path.  Please focus the organization on only the business and check your political beliefs at the door!  And I am a liberal Democrat, but am sick of the WOKE mentality of MRK leaders.
Merck as such is a great company and they have very good HR policies to support their employees. At the moment I don't see any areas of improvement which they need to specifically focus on.
They strive on being transparent with their team so BE transparent.  Keep us in the loop as best as you can.  We sometimes find out information about our company from sources outside before hearing them from Merck.
Stay the course. We are in a very good space and a market leader. The efforts of our leadership team and the culture here are greatly appreciated.
Reconsider the IT support model that focuses on Tiered support teams and silo's of expertise. This leads to very inefficient processes for troubleshooting, including finding true root cause and developing effective CAPA's, and planning changes because there are very few Merck people who can look past the siloes and understand how our technologies and services work together. I'd like to benchmark best in class companies to see if there is a better way.
create a better work life balance for employees who work in smart working
Research and Innovation
Please find a responsible way to ease up on so many compliance policies. I understand we don't want to do anything to end up in another OIG/CIA situation but restrictions on reps are pushing us further away from opportunities to work with our physicians. I am in Oncology, and access is SO VERY tough and the compliance policies are making it even more difficult to do our job.
Value the hospital team to greater extent
allow for flexible work-arrangements post-COVID.
Continue to embrace Diversity and Inclusion into our work life
Continue to promote diversity, equity and inclusion.
Take seriously the life-work balance, with real decisions, with real work prioritization. Review salaries, in comparison with competitors our salaries are low vs the amount of work we have to do.
Predictability of budget for next year for our projects and vendors.
Continue to allow remote working
Continue the empathic leadership style exhibited by all of our leaders (EC on downward).  This approach to engaging with employees, showing concern for wellness, acknowledgement of the efforts goes a long way.
Have open and honest communication between all levels of the company. This should not just be a C-Suite discussion. This should be with all employees of all levels and seniority.
Please change management in HO . Those who know products, ground level work who worked in field who is having good grip in market. Mainly product manager who can take suggestions from field employees and he should work in field now a days we are missing this type of mangers. Who take suggestions. Only they order and also they give task to finish in two days . In two days how is it possible when we covering lot of geographic customers....? If any thing we implement it take time first we do survey we take feed back then implications happen. Here Product managers are dominating due to this there is huge loss in budget and focus on customers sir.  Give best environment to field workers because if we work freely then we do many miracles and we alll field workers almost more than 10 years of experience. We know how to handle the business and situations.
Streamline the internal systems/processes.  Avoid endless system/process updates so that employees can master thos that exist.  Bring back the embedded Documentation Specialist support so that Scientists can focus more of the regulatory component of their job.
Leadership to continue to recognize success and effort and to acknowledge trade offs are real and not failures.
Do what we do best, develop and manufacture health products for people and animals and do it better than anyone else.  We are doing that.  Let's not get distracted by those issues that detract from those goals.  We should be apolitical with regards to Merck's platform.
Need more forward thinking leaders.  Still need to break down silos between groups
Teach managers to be great talent leaders of people
Reinforce the importance of work/life balance.  Working from home has created challenges with balancing life and work. With nearly everyone working remotely our days have become longer and we have more meetings than before WFH.
I'm relatively new here to the team at Merck, but I've really enjoyed and been impressed with the quality of the organization from the top down. My only critique would be to advise the organization to limit their involvement in the political arena. I understand that leadership may feel certain ways about current political topics and they are certainly entitled to speak on those when they want, however when you speak outwardly about certain topics that can rub our customers the wrong way. Keeping out of the decisive political landscape would seem to me to be the best course of action in terms of continuing to deliver on our mission of serving veterinarians and animals with the best medicine and care that we can.
I like the stock options we were recently given, it occurred to me most people don't diversify financially to plan for their future.  Helping employees see beyond their current state working for Merck, stock options or other things like this to build security for later in life might be appealing to the next generations to work at Merck.  Maybe an incentive at your mile marker years you could have a choice of stocks, college funds for kids or long term health care options.  Like I have worked at Merck for 30 years, I could have had an additional perk along with my retirement to enjoy.  Maybe an option to have additional vacation days.
A review of overtime worked by employees ensuring a work life balance is achievable in each role within MSD.
offer more trainings and benefits for the employees
continue the same way...
Please put more emphasis on health, and especially mental health. Compared to previous work experience and also compared to other pharma companies, Merck is years behind in term of personal time off & vacations. Merck is such a performance driven company that sometime you need more days off to cool down from the stress and pressure, and this should be totally normal. It has to be promoted in the culture of the company that's it's OK to take a day off for your well being.
I've always felt it was an honor and a privilege to be part of the Merck community; and I've always felt that Merck strives to be the best it can be for its employees in making it a great place to work and delivering on their mission!  So, I do not feel at this time that further steps are necessary other than creating and keeping that amazing sense of work/life balance that is offered and providing us staying safe & healthy tactics and new ways of developing ourselves during this ever so challenging time.
Continue to periodically assess pay in the RTP area as external companies continue to announce expansions in order to make our pay competitive and allow us to hire the most qualified candidates.
Increase opportunities for external classes/conferences/seminars.
Reinforce remote working and meeting etiquette. COVID and remote work has blurred the lines between work and personal lives and many previous norms in regards to appropriate meeting times, lead times, and availability have seemed to fade a bit as we get into this extended period of WFH. Reinforcing this etiquette and flexibility would go a long way.
I am proud to work for a company that has always supported diversity and inclusion.  However, the recent emphasis on diversity seems to focus on pointing out our differences.  I believe we are all much more alike than different and focusing on perceived differences is not beneficial to individuals or the company as a whole.  Additionally, over the last 1-2 years, Merck leadership has become vocal on politics which polarizes and alienates those with different political beliefs.  Leadership should not voice their personal political opinions and Merck should never support one position over another on a national level (e.g. Georgia voting laws), unless the topic is related to pharmaceutical companies.  Our focus should always be on patients - to save and improve lives.
Continue flexibility, work/life balance, D&I programs.
Continue its strong mission for scientific excellence and innovation Employee development support Prioritization and workload management
MSD is already a great place to work, perhaps more can be done to recognize employees effort and time invested outside office hours to reach objectives.
Maintain the focus that we have and simply not become complacent in what we are doing right.  I believe my team, at least up to my SVP if not above, is very much on the right track.
Keep the good work that is being done so far
I think this company goes above and beyond to protect, engage and enable its employees
Flexible work arrangements for working mothers, including the USW mothers. Such as allowing us to pick our own start time such as 6:30, 7:15, or 8:00. Also, more flexible use of Paid Time Off for USW members as well.
I feel lack of coordination between division/teams. The process is yet to be streamlines in many cases.
Study why people are leaving the company, finish the new ways or working, and roll-out an employee recruitment / retention program that takes leverages / addresses the new ways of working
needs to address  all the social issues between the old school thinking , laziness /sense of entitlement and new hires , most times it feels like high school with a few bad apples spoiling the bunch trying to control and manipulate others  ,
We should focus on medicine first.  Our second priority should be to become more innovative in the digital space where we are currently far behind our competition in this regard; our customers have brought this to our attention on multiple occasions.  Our third priority should be to trust our employees to do the right thing.  You hire good and kind people who only want to further the legacy of George Merck.
Continue to enable honesty and candid dialogue at all levels.  Continue to sponsor a work environment that is inclusive and encourages a convergence of multiple perspectives.  Continue to keep communication lines open and ensure leadership is accessible and we understand what we can do collectively to ensure Merck remains an exceptional place to work and accell.
Continue to valuing employees, showing that our voice matters and keep the focus on the great culture that this company has with people ideas, different ways of working and culture
Continue to look at pay and benefits relative to other companies AND consider where in the country the work is being done.  As a hiring manager in a high cost state it can be nearly impossible to get candidates with previous experience and high skill sets because they are often already paid above our cap.
Embrace MPS at all levels to improve performance
Remove hierarchy and bring decisions to the right level.  Trust your loyal employees. Do not punish loyalty any more.  Allow for internal promotions instead of having to switch jobs and groups.
Continue to support their employees by providing them with the necessary tools to succeed while being aware of challenges and obstacles that some employees may experience and rewarding those who go above and beyond.
Eliminating non-value added work and moving forward with the digitization project.
I think the company should try to have the job title match with the job description/responsibilities that each employee does. If someone was hired for a specific position with a specific job title, but their responsibilities change/evolve to something beyond their original position/title, they should be promoted so that their position/title matches what they currently do. I've been in my original title for about 3 years now at P2 but my responsibilities have extended to P3. I think most companies promote after 2 years if an employee shows satisfactory work and goes above and beyond. I don't think it's fair that my department has been posting positions for P3 and not allowing me to apply and hiring from outside the organization while I've been going above and beyond my P2 position and still remaining at P2.
Merck should just keep doing the great work they are doing helping patience get well and stay healthy.  Continuing with our company's mission is patients before profits!!!
I think if we continue to really focus on the inclusion and diversity of our teams. we can have stronger ideas with multiple views.  We need to focus on challenging current ideas to progress the company and help our patients.
Hybrid work schedule to include both remote and in office.
Simplify the processes, systems and procedures.
Open management that are flexible for new ideas, more leaders less bosses. Listen to better ways to do things or at least take employee ideas into account.
empowerment, reduce complexity and work/life balance
Work Life Balance is not favorable right now.
Prioritize and focus.
Continue to listen to employees and challenge the status quo. I feel like we are constantly behind from other companies on how we do things and how we innovate. Its okay to challenge ideas and learn from different areas. Preach more of working together rather then feeling territorial
Take a step back on implementing so many changes so quickly and allow groups to be able to absorb changes before adding new work to the already strained system.
Not be so steadfast at the global level. There are better ways of doing things that other companies embrace and MSD  could benefit from implementing new ways and modes of working.
Adopting some of the work flexibility we embraced during the pandemic to accommodate the very uncertain future ahead of us.
Continue to focus on diversity and inclusion.
There must be a way to limit meeting burden. It's always discussed as a priority and there have even been initiatives to limit meetings, but since COVID19 work from home restrictions, the meeting load has exploded. An average of 75% of my time is in meetings and it is nearly impossible to do any real work unless I work in the evenings or on the weekends.
Find ways to help us with work/life balance. With the work from home model, there is no hard stop to my day. Work is calling me all the time with my computer in my dining room.
Provide proper tools and personel in order to achieve the goals
Continue to innovate and put patients and employees at the center of our activities
Continue to engage the field reps when it pertains to developing resources and policies. I feel there is such a disconnect between Legal and Sales. Also, while most people are not comfortable speaking up, I can say that I’m not alone in the dissatisfaction with Ken Fraziers political comments. The atmosphere at Merck feels like “WE” are not good enough. I am open minded, and always been open to diversity and inclusion topics. I am a curious, kind, and intelligent individual that has always sought to thoughtfully get to know people.  I will not be dictated by the topic that the media accentuates. However, Ken Frazier and others in leadership roles respond to political and polarizing topics with their personal opinions. I trust that this survey truly is anonymous and that i will not face retaliation for sharing my candid thoughts.
Ensure that the corporate messages of work-life balance and diversity and inclusion get cascaded and "modeled/reinforced" at the local, lower-level management level.
Keep focusing on the employee wellness
There are personal agendas (reaching people's objectives/priorities), creating political battlefields, like in many other corporate companies of this size probably. However, it somehow collides with the agile WoWs since committing to yearly personal objectives makes it cumbersome to fail and learn.  On the other hand, quarterly plannings are too fast for the difficult and slow compliance processes many have to apply. In IT, it's hard to prove product value based on quarterly reviews since the release cadence is slower for many products.  From my perspective, it's hard to tell what should be the exact steps, but maybe less emphasis on Personal Priorities would make the environment less political and more open to agility, change, and admission/acknowledgment of failure.
More opportunities for growth
I'm underpaid. I was hired during the 2008/2009 financial crisis. I don't have much desire to move up the company ladder, therefore ability to increase salary. But my salary does not represent the experiences and value I deliver to the company.
As the pandemic hopefully comes to a close soon, I hope to see Merck and my department continue to be flexible when it comes to work environments. Allowing employees to determine which environment works best for them as an individual instead of having a broad department policy not only benefits the employee but also the manager and team.
More frequent updates to laptops/computing equipment.  My slow computer is 3+ years old and reduces my productivity.  The company has done a wonderful job on IT infrastructure since the cyber incident and now remote pandemic times, but this area is really lacking and has been.  It's only been made worse by the increased demand of fully remote work.
Develop better tools, strategies, and communication techniques to enable teams to pivot and appropriately adjust resourcing. When priorities and/or resources are shifted, teams can experience a period of being overwhelmed and underserved which leads to unproductive time.
Walk the talk. The balence between work and personal level is getting worst.
Continue with the Unconditional theme so that we can embrace diversity and inclusion.
Try to continue making internal processes more agile and efficient (still too many processes and decision making layers) less bureaucracy and more rapid/appropriate decisions , catch the train before it leaves; get closer  (especially the global teams) to external customers' points of view; global teams should be closer to regional and local needs; global is not the same than US; do more global surveys to explore top level (unbiased but highly representative) customers, across the regions, asking openly about Merck and MSD general image and specific businesses (they will tell us)
Remove the performance review process, too political, plays favorites to those most "exposed" to the people approving the ratings.
Ensure there is sufficient resources to balance demands.
Continue to show value in their employees and help assist in directing their employees to new opportunities.
Benchmark across the industry, continue to create a collaborative environment, allow for work-life balance
At this time of cost cutting, do not try to cut costs at all costs as this creates uncomfortable working environment for employees.
Need better alignment on objectives and culture between Commercial teams and shared services (e.g., PRT, IT Capabilities).
Resources are constrained and clients tend to gravitate toward team/divisional needs versus wear a broader enterprise mindset.
I very much have felt supported over this difficult year.  I applaud and value the resources that Merck has extended to their employees.  Thank you
to improve IT and programs used in the pre-clinical development
Corporate leadership should stay out of policies that do not impact our business. Merck should not use their size and connections to become an active wing of one political party. It has been very discouraging and embarrassing to see our CEO start using the power of the Merck brand and his position to push his personal political agenda.   On the product side, we are taking too long to bring products to market on the animal health side. There are multiple product areas where our competition has brought products to market faster and now our customers perceive us as being behind.
Keep working on brilliant science. Make good decisions for drug discovery and development.
be more proactive and less reactive.  don't run so lean that there is a constant backlog of work. focus more on quality than quantity of work
I am fairly new here, so still finding my way.  Maybe next year I will have more to share on this topic.
Everything that they are current doing, I feel this is a very innovative, inclusive company where as we all can help achieve in this delivery.
Develop leaders to have higher level jobs, than just entry level positions hired in as.  Set working standards that are equal across the board.
Great place to work.  Continue to provide communication.
Stay away from choosing sides in politics and work through existing channels to influence causes affecting the business of Merck.
Merck should re-evaluate it's requirement mandating that applicants have a bachelors degree in order to work for our company (salaried roles).  There are many talented people out there that could add value to our company, but we automatically exclude them for lacking a college degree.
Continue to adapt and put in place ways of working that worked during COVID - remote learning opportunities.
I feel decisions are made to increase production without the thought of how it impacts the workeforce producing the product.  I feel morale is low and the demand is getting higher. what staff is added requires extensive training and that is additional stressed added to teams and unfortunately the training new hires receive in their respective lab is lackluster due to the demand of production.
Provide rewards/incentives for employees across all levels.  Some, who are behind the scenes, are working above and beyond contributing to the company's goals but not equally compensated.
We need to have systems that actually work.  Every time there is a update to a system, RADAR, REDS, PSPM, etc. it makes it harder to use them.  There is not proper push back on other functional areas when they no longer want to do something and just want to put it on the RSM.  You can NOT speak freely about issues or problems or you are labeled the trouble maker or too opinionated.
I am concerned that we do not have enough people of color in leadership roles. This was a priority of Mr. Ken Frazier, and the new changes have yet to reflect to his commitment of a racially diverse Executive Committee. I hope the new CEO is genuine, human, and authentically aligned to equality and justice as his predecessor. We need to continue to push the envelope as an organization and move rapidly to remain relevant with customers. Legal review and marketing teams seem to not understand the field perspective or the needs of customers.
Merck legal needs to understand how important it is to be able to share current data amongst the team for background use only electronically or on conference calls. There is no legitimate legal reason we should not be able to share pertinent info related to our disease focus with is labeled as “CONFIDENTIAL. FOR BACKGROUND USE ONLY”.
I think the company is doing a great job helping me balance work and life in ways that work for me (i.e. flexible onsite times and leveraging remote working tools where appropriate). I think Merck should consider continuing these practices long into the future.
Id have to truly think about this.. but a lot of work is needed, and I am aware the pressure is on due to how the market and/or company has been affected by the pandemic.. but something needs to happen, and efforts need to take place
Focus more in sales delivering and easy the company’s procedures. Be more flexible and open to our clients needs.
Increase promotion and retention of our talent
Fair between what you ask and the resources we have to do so.  No work life balance now
The company can make sure that leaders across the company have to buy-in on encouraging employees to speak up without fear of retaliation and to address issues.  While these items are okay for some, it is not okay for all.  However some of the EBRGs have done a fantastic job in giving employees a safe space, some still may be reluctant to speak up.
stay out of politics
As an operator of 24 years with the company ,it would be nice to have SAP updated on a regular bases to be alighned with what individual lines do as for as our processing tickets SAP has not been updated since SAP was implemented, also the point of SAP was to prevent paperwork ,were now back to more paper work with a ticket as before SAP, it would be nice to be able to deal with all paper work for a ticket or all the SAP Also - i know we have a L&D department , does that mean we no longer have a training department yes we have job aids but its not the same as hands on or having a subject matter expert or pay the operators to be trainers/ subject matter experts
Be more open to opportunities for making things better and have a quicker turnaround when making changes.
Drive strong innovation and strengthen our pipeline
culture needs to evolve  from command and control to distributed.
Continue to find more competitive ways for 15 year employees and increase benefits.  Not needing a degree wont help pay increase for sure.
I think some decisions are questionable and even confusing, for example I have noticed with the job posting that they open positions and people participate with a lot of motivation and then close the position and the people who participated don't receive a response while they just wait, some people is demotivated.  However, I must also admit that this is the company that I have felt the most safe, supported and I really enjoy being part of this great place.
Provide tools (technology) and resources to simplify the ways of working, and to relieve the tension and fatigue that is perceived in the work environment.
- Compensation for oncology roles should keep pace with industry averages in order to attract the right talent. - Prioritize our digital capability and be a leader in the industry.     - Bring a social element into the workplace.  For field based employees it would be nice to celebrate the years accomplishments and holidays - examples include year end celebrations, holiday celebrations, honoring colleagues who've retired, given birth, etc.  The company feels cold.  It's energizing having a bit of fun a work once in a while - puts work into perspective and reminds us there is life beyond work.
Ensure that we have the appropriate resources to perform our work. We are experiencing a great deal of workload from above site on "must do assignments" that significantly impact our ability to perform our assigned work. This negatively affects our performance because we have to deviate from our goals and scheduled work to perform all these additional tasks that in many instances take up 50% of my department's time.
Continue strong R and D. Work to remove barriers in order to make us more competitive at selling our products
Continue to listen to our needs and work in collaboration with us to help us in our day to day job
Not only listen but take action on feedback from eomployees.
Be less analitical, more practical and more customer oriented
Merck is already taking the necessary steps to fulfill our mission to save lives. It's great how Johnson & Johnson collaborated with our company to manufacture their COVID-19 vaccine.
Internal processes have to be streamlined focusing and relying on competence
Merck should listen to the needs of the representatives and customers and try to compromise on a final decision instead of making all of the decisions from the top down. I have been with Merck for 20 years and I have enjoyed my career here. I am optimistic that as a company we can do a better job understanding the impact of decisions higher up and how they impact our ability to do our job.
Be more competitive in salary with the industry. Really consider not mandating coming into the office so soon after everyone is vaccinated (summer 2021) with the understanding that there are those that still have high anxiety around COVID especially with the new variant & the unknown, although vaccinated.  Take more precautions when requiring those to be in the office, like a thermal scanner at the doors of entry to take temps upon entering.
Enable work - life balance
Through the WOW enable to the teams to be innovative, obviously being into the complaint of all the policies, but for new and dsiruptive ideas  be more patient and help more than block
Fully embrace Ways of Working and delegate authority to others
Our mission should not be any part of a political platform. Our mission should be to serve our customers. Right now our customers don't feel like that. The next steps we take as a company should be to uphold our values, and our customers values and do what is best for them to better serve them.
Continue to invest in technology that makes the remote working experience more collaborative and easy to execute.  The implementation of Microsoft teams for example has been very helpful over this past year.
- Become a flatter, simpler, organization - Ensure everyone's voice is heard, regardless of job band or title - Engage more employees at lower levels of the organization in change management and roll-out of new initiatives - equip managers with new leadership skills and support then in helping to enable the Merck of the future.
Stay focused on our mission to be an elite R and D organization that has a positive impact on the health of our society. Keep a high degree of ethics but be willing to take prudent business risks. Be nuanced enough to discern between the role of a rep and that of an NAD or AE.
I feel the company does a great job of communicating its strategy, not only as a whole but within my organization.
I see that the company is going through a period of transformation which I hope will lead to simplification of processes which although necessary to ensure quality and compliance, would need to be updated to keep up with the faster paced and dynamic environment around us (i.e. decision makers incl payers , patients and KOLs). I can see that silos are now occurring less frequently but internal alignement needs to happen more ofte, I think that a policy of shared cross-functional incentives  might work as a buster in that direction.
As a site that has been informed of closure in 2023.  I feel that my job security within the organization isn't firm.  The survey ask if, I would be with Merck in two years?  My answer is yes, however I'm not sure what my destiny within the organization would be.
Keep up with the latest development across pharma industry. Be more agile in how we do things and innovation centered.
manage the quantity of simultaneous change
1. Update other divisions on our current product offerings, say HH products that are making waves or newly launched made known to other division e.g Animal Health 2. Opportunity for Merck employees to use common/products Animal Health to be a good ambassador.  e.g offer Bravetco to employees samples annual or quarterly basis.
Our department is very stingy about promotion beyond the Director level, yet in all departments around us, Executive Director positions are being created and filled with internal candidates regularly.  It's very disheartening to see the impact of our group on the overall benefit to the company and to watch some in our department to be overlooked because of our direct line management.
Continue viewing Merck and Merck employees from the outside in to sustain a winning culture.
We need an avenue to provide feedback on our direct managers that does not go to that manager. Also at times there are resources that the field needs to be successful that marketing does not provide. New ideas and ways to connect with customers are difficult to pass on and are often met with roadblocks and red tape that do not allow them to be utilized.
I believe Merck is doing a great job considering the current business, social, and public health climate.
I believe the working experience after COVID-19 should not be under-estimated or ignored. More specifically, the working-from-home experience. In my personal experience, I found myself several times more efficient and practical working from home than when work is 100% on-site. I think this efficiency combined with the highest quality of life by being closer to the family should not be neglected, and we should explore and implement a permanent policy on this, with more flexibility, such as a hybrid approach.
Work on decision-making being more matrixed across relevant functions.
Equal pay for equal work. Employee promotions at all levels. Opportunities to expand upon their knowledge/skills.
Keep investing in research
Review if all  the effort  being done to  change the  way of  working is resulting in any effect at all. I see a lot of projects to go agile and have focus on the business needs, but the project delivery seems  slower and far away from a business perspective. Is not a BAD thing, but I am sure we can  do better than this.
I would categorized Merck as a company who sells essential products. We are the sole manufacturer of some products and  combinations of products to treat many diseases. The fact that we are the only manufacturer of these products gives us a serious competitive advantage, as people need our products. However, looking forward these products can be copied or replace for new products from our competitors. I believe that we are in a solid economic position and it is essential to invest in the creation and adjustment of processes to focus on the customer experience. I would like people to talk about our amazing products, but also to be recognized for our incredible customer service. Our website is not user friendly, I hear customers complaints in regular basis. We should maintain our efforts to have an updated database.   Our customers are key of our economic wellbeing.
Continue to work on diversity and inclusions efforts that have started, but still have a long way to go.
I think that we have all the resources to work well at Merck. Sometimes is difficult to have development opportunities or shadowing experiences to explore other job interests.
Merck needs to focus on D&I but not simply by saying it is a priority but doing more. There also needs to be greater accountability in all hiring for this, as well as when promotions are considered.
Keep offering the flexibility of working from home schedules-most of the time, even when we are allowed to re-enter the office buildings. Certain meetings could be mandatory in-person, or strongly encouraged in-person. Keep offering summer hours. The flexibility really helps with child care, care of older parents, and self-care. It promotes a healthy work-life balance.
Be more "walk the talk" for example for some, everything is possible for other, the law. Structure and report lines are  very confusing, lack of process and clarity (talent management is ludicrous and HR is clearly understaffed)
better alignment and messaging within DPED.  Everyone interprets needs and resources differently, and not having alignment leads to poor execution and stress/competition
Provide a small stipend for those that work from home to create a work space that is suited to their work and home
Further invest in the discovery of new targets. The people I work around are driven by feeling they are on the cutting edge.
I think there is a limit to how much a person can do in their job.  When people leave or retire, it seems as though they aren't replaced readily and their work has to get absorbed by others.  This gets progressively worse as more people leave and doesn't seem like upper management is fully aware.  Many employees, including myself, are dedicated to the company, but sometimes the work gets very stressful when there isn't a relief valve.
Its already a great place to work.  A wish is even more equal opportunities for office-based and field-based staff (development, talents, change/try new role etc). Continue with staff with a mix of different experiences and backgrounds
Better communication and more accountability for management. It feels like technicians are criticized for mistakes that are made, however, management carries a lot of the burden in a lot of cases. Adequate and thorough training does not feel like a priority. Management has the discretion to say we're going to do something despite feedback from technicians that it may not be the safest, be of utmost quality, or some other reason. Safety, quality, inclusion, etc. too often take a backseat to production, money, and management discretion.
Continue to recognize that standardization and customization both have a place in helping our business achieve objectives.  Standardize where possible to save money that can be invested elsewhere; customize when it enable greater achievement of business objectives.
The MSD is a great place to work, and need to continue with this culture (inclusion, empowerment)
The manner in which Merck has handled employee concerns and safety during COVID speaks volumes!  The support, programs, resources and keeping employees safe.   Continue to be sensitive to geographical and individual situations and ways of still managing covid and responding to the ups/downs of the "RAT" map.
Engage little bit more with the workforce for feed back regarding every day activities
Remove poor leaders and place them in individual contributor roles
As a country medical advisor in Sweden, I hear many times a strife for us to increase our external engagement on one hand and on the other, we also have been deprived our admin support thus putting all admin tasks on us. This is very counter productive. We could really increase a lot of our external engagement if someone else take care of our administration, and also it will be economically better than for us having to do all the admin than now fell on us. In addition, this entire endeavor also challenges our aim to be fully compliant...
Leverage on diversity and inclusion
Commitment to science. Patience with results. More acknowledgement to scientists who discover drugs. More viligilence with opportunities to collaborate outside.
Ask Ken to resign so he can work on social justice justice issues on his own time.  His political rhetoric completely distracts from our mission which is to develop drugs and vaccines that save and improve peoples lives.  He devalues the company, and all of us, when he gets involved in political fights.  It is hypocritical for the company to hold Ken to a different standard than all other employees are held to.  That is discrimination.
Continue to speak out about injustice.  Continue to foster a diverse and inclusive work environment.  Continue to recognize how hard Merck employees work.  Continue to put our patients first.  Continue to have our senior leadership be more visible and approachable.
I understand how peripheral activities I perform contribute to the company’s future success, but our management does not. This culture promotes that scientists not bother to worry about the small facets that keep the operations running smoothly because it won't get them promoted. Putting "operations" in the priorities this year, didn't make a bit of difference because it clearly indicated major pipeline overhaul activities would be praised, but taking on huge portions of your department's grunt work, or building smaller desperately needed systems, will get you ignored.
Reduce the degree of freedom at which decision-making democratized across the business. Not everybody should be decision makers
I feel very valued at Merck and appreciate the efforts to manage work life balance- but from a work perspective, there is never enough support in the infrastructure of systems and processes, so I feel like we are forever staring from day 1 and building a process from scratch.
Eliminate the rat tool and leave it up to the individual and the offices we call on to decide.
I really enjoy being at Merck. I am happy to discuss further as this question can be elaborated on and better discussed in person.   - However, to be fair with this survey's goal, I am on the West Coast and part of my feedback has to do with competitive Bay Area pay that Merck can improve on to retain people. Yes, people come and go in this industry, and change is the only constant thing however, I know Merck can do better. I say this as a local SF Bay Area professional with experience in other large pharma, mid size and start up companies before joining Merck.   - Reduce the number of R&D programs that we're working on at the same time. We have way too many programs and that dilutes the efforts to move things vertically. Our speed is not competitive, especially not in the Bay Area.  - Improve on IT for all departments.  I share all of this because I care and would like to discuss more with someone who is willing to listen. Thank you for taking the time to read my longer message!
Merck has always been a great place to work, mainly because I work in a function  that allows me to work independently across many different business areas of MRL. Its important for Merck to continue to allow employees and managers to support various business areas and work independently. Merck should promote ability to do cross-functional assignments across divisions. Would like to see Merck resume  research into pain, cardio, respiratory, and continue AIDS research.
Managers need to take a more active role managing people and creating a clear path for development and promotions.
We have too many initiatives at once with less people.  Working from home has only increased the amount of time being worked.  Examples are: Spin-off with additional LROPs, knowledge transfer, creating reports, cost centers, projects, quick turnaround requests for data, system issues with it, etc..  We also have initiatives for BS allocation change, new PtP Ariba system, etc.  No breathing room and no sense of being able to have a vacation.  A lot of us did not take our full vacation last year or a full week off.  Lost a lot of days, even with the ability to roll more over.  Even so, when can I take vacation?  I would like to and NEED a week's vacation time soon.  Our manager is great, but not an example of being able to take off either.  They work even more hours.
1) Be really clear and aligned at all levels of the organization in focusing on the critical few items in our portfolio. We are still diffused in our efforts to ensure only the most important work really get done, and you can see that through the various initiatives we are still pursuing for products that are at the lowest end of our criticality scale (revenue, future growth etc). These are distracting and take away very finite resources from the key work that really should be done for the growth products. 2) Our system and processes remain very clunky and it takes an enormous amount of work to upkeep and maintain. Using an example from the ExM space, we are currently initiating an inordinate number of change controls to track what the external partner sites are initiating, but yet doing so with procedures that are difficult to understand, and processes that are not streamlined. This is leading to a lot of wasted effort in reworking changes which are non value added.
Resource appropriately - Merck members are stretched too thin and it is starting to impact morale, culture and impact. Resources have continued to decline yet the same work with higher expectations remain on the table. The organization would benefit from saying "no" and truly prioritizing to match the capacities of the respective positions. Lastly, a "meeting culture" has started to take shape, making further headway on these internal demands will help free up time for external engagements.
Create an open and transparent project workflow that allows everyone to see where the ball is dropped or where the highest hurdles to progress lie.
Acknowledge the technicians. Need to improve the way and style of working.
Change the shift cycle in production
Continue staying in tune to what leading and innovation companies are doing and evaluating and brining to Merck good practice. It is critical that Merck continue the work of ensuring our company is diverse in all respect such as race, religion, culture, background, age, etc. I have been with Merck for many years and I see the change and I look foward to seeing the Company continue the path of evolution and greatness
Continue permitting work force flexibilities, including work from home, even once the pandemic limitations lift.
I believe that the company needs to recognize the amount of people needed to do the work that is being asked.  It cannot keep relying on individuals to do 2-3 jobs and cover when there are vacancies.  We do not build in any headspace for when new things come like priority projects or even to allow for coaching and development of our teams.
Achieve end to end alignment and transparency on the highest priorities and resource them accordingly
Immense pressure on budgets and headcount and poor/insufficient investment in IT tools that will enable us is very demotivating and frustrating. There is low empathy and understanding of how difficult some jobs are today remotely without modern tools
Ensure proper work/life balance and provide more growth opportunities for employees.
Prioritize the company´s pipeline to invest our resources wisely in programs with most chances to return the investment.
Encourage using new ways of working to emphasize and reward quality of work over speed.
Reward employees.  Provide adequate staffing levels.  Provide better IT systems and laptops.
I think its tricky for Merck.  In oncology they say over and over:  We will never pay over middle range, there is no merit just a yearly raise.  MBOs in the time of Covid. It makes people feel they work for mediocrity. Why should  we not pay for the best, pay for great people? Why do we want medium?  Then that’s how people feel.
Stream line number of people involved in achieving goals, more lean in getting job down,  Allocate appropriate SME to get full pictures of situation
We (MSD) must be more participative and helpful with other colleagues and try to be less bureucratic in our daily routine. Me and some of my colleagues fell a lack of empathy from many departments that would behave like support sector. Many days I fell that we lose time with complex and unecessary activities that keep us out of main goal: the client.
Merck is a good company but it has lost its way and while I think it is trying to find itself again it is slow moving. We are an R&D focused pharmaceutical company. A few suggestions:  1). Some organizations are vibrant and changing; others remain in a moment in time of the "Old Boys Club" and the they don't recognize it is the first problem.   Bring in new leaders every few years to drive this out of the organization would be key to future growth.  2).  Place a priority on fixing the myriad of operational process problems that have not changed in >10 years.  3).  Force talent development by mixing teams and leaders every 2-3 years not just in 1 department, but broadly.  Merck has talented individuals who can be retrained in other functional departments if the company is willing to educate the employees on new skills and grow a sense of D&I; increase employee satisfaction, etc. (ie, move people who are  strong managers or good at hiring talent to HR, take IT employees move them to operational or digital role
Continue to emphasize Diversity, Equity and Inclusion as important. Continue to emphasize "Ways of Working" and build into culture/mindset.
Listen to their employees who are overworked. Conduct meaningful exit interviews
The pandemic renders a lot of unknowns. Job security, health and personal safety being from a D&I community are often on the forefront of the many things being managed. I appreciate being employed and the employee services provided. Please continue providing these services and being open to staffs continuing to work remotely. This helps to a degree with the anxiety. Thank you.
Continue moving towards electronic documentation in commissioning and qualification activities as well as validation and manufacturing.  Look for ways to develop employees in areas of interest to the employee even if it's outside his current organization (i.e., via short term assignments or split responsibilities in current role and area of interest).  Explore work from home alternatives (even 50% of the time).
more vacation time is always good. More company sponsored volunteer opportunities in local communities. automatic stipend for internet services.
it needs to be more people/employee driven,  there are cases in which employee's points of views or ideas are seeing as wrong by superiors and needs to be seen as opportunities to evolve to a greater company, department, region, etc. By doing this our mission may be accomplished and we can make it succeed as a team.
The lists of "stops" and "starts" are not nearly as long as the list of items I would place in the "continue" category.  Merck has made significant advancements in moving quickly to meet the needs of its employees and customers, as well as making Merck more inclusive and diverse.  Please continue in that path.  The journey is still great however we are pointed in the correct direction.
I don't always feel comfortable speaking up at meetings for fear of judgement. The culture and SSF can sometimes feel intimidating. Rather than a scientific discussion it can feel like an argument.
Merck needs to enhance our technology, it current is very old school way of doing things. At the Elkhorn site, we need to increase head count as our production increases. Year after year we increase production but don't increase head count until technicians are over worked. The Elkhorn site also has an issue with promoting based on seniority not necessarily if the person is qualified for the position. They also have a problem with keeping people around even when they have had multiple people go to HR about them for various issues that should not be happening in a work place. Yet the people continue to work here for years because management doesn't want to deal with them.
Add more diverse people to capture diverse thinking.
Continue to add new and upgrade existing tools supporting commercial operations, streamline approval processes
Consider employees needs when making significant changes to their work life and offer alternative options.
Resource projects to allow time for employees to participate in forums and assignments for personal developtment and growth of Merck and MSD (e.g. GIGs).
Information sharing across divisions.
MSD  has to invest more in its human capital,in employees retainment and personal development
Continue to listen to our employees and focus our resources and employee efforts on the science and hard work that has made our Company successful in the past.
Keep what works and keep churning the rest. My cohort (~ 3yrs or less) seem very happy. As do the long haulers (10+yrs), in a more reserved way. But that middle tier - we are losing good people to a competitive marketplace. And the effects cascade. It's critical to have opportunities for strong employees to matriculate even outside of the natural line. And consider "in-tier" rewards and recognition as a point of focus, to retain those employees who are performing well but may not have an obvious opening for their next step. Now is the time to fortify our staff in R&D to help through the transition later this decade.
Merck should increase our company brand on DTC and social media focus on patients health. We need more digital marketing strategies and visibility. Directors should learn more on unconscious bias.
Address leadership capabilities & skills, provide leaders the necessary tools to learn critical skills such as, empathy, EQ, growth mindset, address poor leadership behaviors (e.g. micro assaults, inequities and aggressions).
Take very seriously across ex-US, specially in MSD third world countries the gap on salaries between men and women with the same level. It´s still a gap, I have examples, and this should be part of the Diversity and Inclusion corporate effort, not always corporate guidance is aligned with country local guidance.
Continue supporting new WoW and the the culture of flexibility to help improve our work/life balance.
Focus on Research and Development and stay out of politics
Don’t lose sight of our core mission....saving and improving the lives of the patients we serve.  That’s where we can have the most impact in this world.  Secondly empower our people to do that.  We have lost that vision in the last 12 months.  Sales and compliance need to work together to create the best environment for our customers.  We are currently operating as 2 separate companies.
The company should continue with how it was created, to deliver the best medicines and services to help improve and save lives of people and animals. The company should try and keep the morale of it's employee's high in order to maintain high performance, right now it is pretty low morale. Keep the company name out of politics.
I feel that Merck does a great job. There are certain aspects that have not transcended to subsidiaries. I am very glad Merck has acquired my company
Hold people accountable-we have several people in management who are unresponsive to questions and work related issues.
To continue working in building work-life balance
Having leadership clearly signal the acceptability of flexible work arrangements.  Historically, there was some stigma associated with having flexible/remote work arrangements.
We know Pharma is notorious for making changes. Job security is number one priority for me especially now.  I just would like that the company continues to let us know as things change with a lot of notice. We know changes are coming to the sales force.  I just need to know no matter what I have a job
Continue to engage/interact with the workforce (listen) & providing us with timely updates!!
Work on building a post-COVID culture where teamwork is appreciated, where people can feel comfortable to come on-site and stay on-site to make connections again with their co-workers.  I feel employees have gotten used to working from home and not having to commute every day; some don't want to have to go on-site.  But, we do need some on-site work even for those employees that can work from home full time.  Everyone is isolated and thinking only of their own tasks versus work that is not specifically assigned that keeps the group running smoothly (example organizing lab space, helping each other with physical, mental, and emotional tasks, and enabling having creative impromptu discussions in person).
Ensure that enough support is provided for projects with definite timelines to ensure the project can be successful.  I know it's easier said than done, but it promotes confidence when the project is completed successfully without a lot of glitches due to time crunches.
Maintain a healthy work life balance and continue to listen to the employees concerns.
Ensure people are matched better to their roles based on their relevant skills and experience and creating a more transparent career path for employees
We hear a lot about "well being" and take time to look after ourselves but our people resources are being cut back thus overloading remaining workers, causing stress and more attrition. Actions are not reflecting the words!
More transparency about return to work plans and protocols.
Continue to increase diversity and inclusion awareness through out the company. What a difference since last May.
Recruiting strategies that include more than just a few select schools to include diverse employee populations.
Continue to recognize the efforts of those that perform in their job and think more globally or holistically. Continue to leverage the strong diversity and inclusion environment that has existed in this company since I joined nearly 30 years ago.  Diversity and inclusion should not just be about race, ethnicity, etc., its about diversity of thought that can contribute to the best possible outcome.
I knew I wanted to retire from this company at the age of 18.  The ethics of this company is never waivered.  I am, and always have been, proud to contribute to the success of this company!  It's a wonderful place to work!
Avoid leadership imposing unilateral requirements to adopt/utilize a specific resource that is not pressure tested and solving a program that did not exist (ie. Veeva Engage).
Better communication and understanding of business processes and environment between compliance and sales/marketing.
D&I should apply to every level, especially in the middle level. Mid level managers need to embrace and encourage D&I and provide equal opportunities to everyone.
Better communication with KOL, more transparency.  To decrease the workload
In my opinion, MSD should evaluate the congruence between safety standards and the actual application among contractors that are chosen globally to develop their new projects in their plants, including decommissioning projects. The application of the standards is often left out and sometimes they do not fill the compliance profile that MSD needs. Global engineering staff should be constantly updated in their knowledge and compliance with safety standards.
Current remote employees should continue to work remotely due to office safety concerns.  The intake of COVID-19 vaccines should be mandatory if current remote employees are asked to return to the office.  COVID-19 vaccines (all types) should be administered at offices (for example at Kenilworth K15 Health Center).
Consider overhaul of IT infrastructure across all departments to align with modern computing capabilities.  Address concerns about being able to continue a WFH or more flexible work arrangements for office/lab/manufacturing based employees post COVID-19 pandemic restrictions.
Allow employees that have been working remotely during the pandemic to return to the office.
Hire more diverse people
Eliminate the suffocating amount of process, bureaucracy, micro-management, and slow decision making by leaders who are not familiar with the therapeutic area and/or are too removed from actually getting work done at the "ground level".  Decisions need to be begun to be made at the appropriate levels based on functional expertise.
Although I don't find this in my position - I know there are many people who are very stressed and having a hard time finding work/life balance.   The back to back meetings along with early days means that most folks have to work at night as well which does not leave much time for down time or family time.  This is not sustainable and seems to be a contributing factor as to why there is a high turnover rate in the dept.
We should be more agile and able to adapt to change. There are significant bureaucratic hurdles that prevent meaningful process improvements and fail to address challenges head on. The pressure to work faster is high, yet the bureaucracy creates a negative incentive to sacrifice quality in favor of speed. There are ways to accelerate robust, high-quality programs if we had a culture that was open-minded to change, rather than needing constant input and alignment from multiple working groups and functional areas. We spend so much time focused on how we message things to high-level management that takes away from actual execution.
I believe the company should become more employee centric as a means to drive the creativity and productivity that Merck/MSD will need in the future.
Road maps for Upper Hutt site with forward thinking showing technology
Trust the professionals that are hired to do there workout with micromanaging.
try to provide a perspective on what you may expect for your future at Merck
Fully resource business units to do their job not always asking more than is expected.  It is ok sometimes to ask for more, but for the last 2+years, this has been a consistent theme as we lose valuable resources who do no get replaced and we are forced to do more with less.
Just keep up the great communication. The Town Hall Meetings are very informative.
To allow people to move up the corporate ladder without the influence of corporate politics to come into play.  The most qualified person is not always the one that gets a job...its quite de-motivating!!!!
Have better mental health care in regards to couples counseling. Very strange that my spouse and I are covered individually to see a therapist, but not if we go together for couples counseling.   Have some communication as to what exactly is the Austin IT Hub. There is virtually no executive presence there, no clear "representative" of Austin, while there were plans to have 600+ employees at the hub then backed out and there are now less than 100 employed in Austin. What happened here, why downgrade and walk away from $7mm in tax incentives? Some clarification as to why there are so few internal job postings for the Austin IT Hub.
Continue work from home options after pandemic is over as that is what people have adjusted to at this point.
Currently many if not all essentials workers feel that hazard pay should be applied. While many employees enjoyed the luxury of working from the safety of their homes, the essential workers came to work and maintained production as needed. Even as cases of covid 19 rose, on plant site, on a daily basis, the company refused ou the request for hazard pay.    I personally feel the company cares more about the almighty dollar than its so called ESSENTIAL workers.
More maternity leave and flexible work arrangements in order to manage competing priorities.
A focus on pipeline science.  Trim inefficient/unproductive initiatives no matter how well intentioned they are (AR&D Networking comes to mind).  A little context on the last comment, networking best occurs organically when working across departments and projects.
Keep it up with the great work and explore new things
continue to achieve alignment across divisional leaders to deliver Hoshin objectives
A great culture takes time to build but very easily lost with incompetent leaders who don't foster trust and psychological safety with the team. Although 360s and skip level meetings are conducted, most people are concerned about retaliation due to lack of anonymity. Individuals on the team have high integrity and enjoy their positions, leading to continued outstanding performance. Having supportive and good leaders will contribute greatly to Merck being recognized as a great place to work. I would love it if each member felt safe to speak up, supported, contributing to meaningful work and proud to be an employee of Merck. Merck had a great reputation but it's falling in comparison to its peers.
In light of COVID, rethink seating arrangements for employees that will be expected to be in the office but have no desk.
There have been many good programs to assist employees with the stress, anxiety and health concerns that arose from the pandemic.  But the workload has increased noticeably during the work-from-home pandemic period causing stress and burn-out with reduced free time.  Hiring additional employees to spread the workload would be a preferable method for reducing such stress instead of only offering healthcare services after the stress has taken its toll.
Continue to transform the organization from its Ultra Conservative approach to business and continue to explore new approaches to business while all the while placing the customer/market in mind!
Provide employees with virtual resources (training) allowing us to optimize our offering with our customer (COVID) Improve communication around career opportunities   Make HR web-site more conducive. Great tool but employees-manager need additional coaching
For many of my colleagues that have worked on the Covid projects, their well-being has been impacted by the many changes in product. Combine this with the expanded breadth of opportunities that have opened due to remote now being an option for many companies / roles, and I am seeing much of our top talent heading to new companies. I think we need to refocus and understand how to mitigate these retention issues as virtual will continue most likely for another year longer. In addition, there are many small IT things that take a lot of time, that can be cut down on if we find an avenue to understand what those time savers are. For example, to order a pair of headphones to work remote takes five steps; an online order, an email approval and email exchange for further details with IT, an SAP order, and another IT service request desk. All of which contain very similar information. Lastly, I really appreciate the increased focus on mental wellness, and hope to see this continue at Merck.
Ensure there is are fair opportunities for advancement particularly for African Americans and other under represented ethnic-minorities and also for non-millennial employees
Remain flexible with the option of working from home to enable better efficiency.
Emphasize the importance of career progression discussions by managers with employees - with the sunset of myCareer the Company lacks solid Employee Development Plan tools to encourage those progression discussions
empower teams to make more decisions.  Make it clear where decision rights are.  Have less committees for decisions. Continue to reinforce experimenting and breaking down barriers and encouraging people development.  Continuing to be flexible in how people work.  Continue to reward employees.
I love this company
At this time, we are working harder, than maybe ever before in our careers.  We are not traveling, but every minute of the day could be filled with meetings, email, trainings.  We continue to find ourselves internally focused, and not as focused on our external customers.  I'm concerned about the companies' willingness to take care of top talent.  I see top talent leaving our organization.  They leave with heavy hearts but find opportunity, respect, appreciation, and career development opportunities at other companies.  They are happy, and most of all, feel valued in their new companies.  Merck has strong talent that can be recruited away...but many are super loyal to the company and their colleagues.  Please reconsider the ways in which the company appreciates top talent.  I was a recipient of a retention bonus many years ago.  That further encouraged my loyalty and dedication to the mission.  I think the company should reconsider other forms of LTI and introduce more stock options.
Being that I am relatively new to the company,  I don't have much to offer other than my time so far has been great and I very much look forward to the future.
Merck is a great place to work and I feel that they are doing all they can to evolve and improve.
Continue to reward its top performing employees with promotion and more career development opportunities.
Continue to look at how the MSD Culture is embraced and encouraged especially now that we have gone through a year of working from home, where there is not as much ability to meet colleagues in other departments
Reduce process which slow down every task and irritate our experts
I understand the need for social distancing now, but it would be much more efficient to be able to meet. With the weather improving and more employees getting vaccinated could we have some outdoor gatherings? Also, I would really like the gym to open back up.
Evaluate and promote remote work so that expenses related to maintaining administrative offices can be reduced.
Keep up the great initiatives that they have been taking on diversity and inclusion and other great initiatives for making it a better place to work.
Use incentives like INSPIRE more often. Even the smallest amount makes you feel recognized. I think the employees who have worked for the company 5-8+ or 10+ years (not myself, I am under 2 years) seem to feel unhappy with the workload and work life balance.
Please stay out of politics. I just want to get up everyday & do the best job I can for my customers and not worry about what political stand the company is going to take on the latest social issues. I feel that companies should leave politics to each individual and not take a stand on behalf of the entire company. When companies take a stand it  gives the appearance that the employees, who make up the company, have the same beliefs which is not always true. We should help people and animals with the great products we have, support the employees to do the best job possible and don't give in to the pressure to take a stand one way or another.
how to maintain talent and reduce high turnover rate to support the business.
There isn't work life balance anymore. People schedule meetings all day, including over lunch. I haven't been able to take a true vacation day, including religious holidays, because of high urgency work. I usually end up having to work half the day.   Also, there are not the Regulatory & Legal resources in place to support innovation of the US marketing digitial channels. We are at the mercy of the availability of regulatory & legal to meet and are given such limited amount of hours where we are able to meet with them that new capabilities just stall and delay.  I realize we are regulated and need to do things the right way, but legal & regulatory isn't ramping up to support the business and the pace of change. It's discouraging.
Just must wait for the end of the pandemic and after thar, put all the effort to make a great homework mixed with office work.
maintain virtual work environments and ensure employees are able to maintain work/life balance
I believe Merck/MSD should keep focusing on their employees and their feelings, has been hard for some to work from home, not only because of the family challeneges, more because of the safety challenges that may result in injuries in the future, basically ergonomics.
Balancing diversity and inclusivity and delivery/work ethnics, and be aware of politicizing racial injustice.
We have fantastic talent already- let's keep them with us by creating retention schemas including local-competitive pay and career development. We need more fantastic talent- let's hire them with mindful & deliberate diversity and inclusion  Let's hold ourselves accountable for BOTH- including retrospective analyses of former hires, those who have left us and why, and make sure that we literally put our money where our mouths are.
Provide Leadership & not just Management. Great managers aren't necessarily good Leaders. At some point, someone should address why we need so many changes, or provide some stability  A good Leader at any level would evaluate & protect those who are the "boots on the ground" from too much work
Management at times becomes focused in one area. It is with great sadness that sexism is alive and well.
focusing on making complex things simple - being innovative and rapid in decision making making sure the customer is front and center and that our systems and processes don't get in the way of being able to do this
Continue to focus on the patients first, to keep developing talents and areas aligned with the evolving market needs to assure innovative ways to better serve our customers.
I think should improves the professional way to work (based on effort, capacity instead of friendship)
Patients first, drive innovation; accept and celebrate diversity & inclusion.
More prioritization.  People are spread too thin rather than focusing on a few highly impactful items.
Continue to foster an environment of diversity and inclusion. With the changing of the guard from an African American CEO to a Caucasian CEO, I wonder if the company will still be focused on diversity and inclusion. Merck and MSD should also look at employees' backgrounds to see where they are well suited for opportunities for advancement as we are not always aware of all the opportunities that are available for advancement. Not all opportunities are posted. This is the first time in several years that I have been asked for resume. My manager was not aware of all my credentials and previous experiences.  My manager may not be aware of my colleagues' credentials and previous experiences either.
Really encourage diversity and inclusion and not just say it and give internal people the right opportunities and training to take on leadership positions
To provide sufficient resources to do all work
The yearly salary ranges for sales reps needs to be increase to be more competitive.
Maintain an environment of integration, assessment and recognition of the members of the work team.
We need to work on ways to improve communication and coordination across sites, so that we can better share knowledge and insights (global animal health projects are an example) to improve efficiency and reduce redundant efforts.
Take higher risks than traditionally done so we would be in front of the eight ball and reducing the amount of catch up. I think to be successful in the future we need to accept a certain percentage of failure in more risky decisions, i.e. business development. I also think we need to prioritize our R&D projects in a way that they reflect the Global Marketing Strategy. which we know has to focus more on pharmaceuticals, if we don't want to fall back.
Would love to see us get more aggressive in the space regarding new vaccine technologies.  I also hope that Ken Frazier sticks around for a whole .  He truly makes me uniquely proud to work for Merck; he is such an inspiration!
Leaders and companyshould give more autonomy to the employees (through less steps for approvals, simplify process, etc) and improve job environment for new ideas, different ideas, a culture to accept mistakes and learn with them, not seeking for someone to blame. People should feel free to give their opinion and act authentically without fear of retaliation.
Keep up the good work!  I just had my ten year Merck anniversary, and I am so happy to be here!
Crowdsource from employees how to find ways to better manage workload and work/life balance.  - Continue with some of the great strides that have been made in this area over the past year.
Continue diversity talks and inclusion of all different aspects of people.   Also, when there are problems on a team have the management address those and remove disruptive, non supportive team members
Remove the recent barriers that create challenges to teams and customers
stay people focused, ensure people get enough rest and have balanced work loads
With rapidly changing times and the business environment we operate in, transformation is anything but inevitable. Given the scale of organization, the transformation initiatives are to be chosen with careful balance and with appropriate level of prioritization. This prioritization not only enhances the opportunities for higher transformation adoption but also ensures value for investment. Leadership can play a very important role in phasing in this change. The way the last two years have brought in changes, the rate of change at company level, division level, department level and at team level is too high. Among other things, it causes concern on delivery, meeting and/or exceeding expectations and more importantly decreases ROI. Byproduct of these developments is net new stress level while the resources and/or cycles which are available remain either constant or are simply maxed out.
Merck already is a great place to work and I believe we as a company do deliver on our mission.  But to answer the question: Keep a nice benefit package, including medical coverage.  Promote some of the benefits and resources already available to us that we tend to forget about.  Consider global climate change in our operations and investments, both capital investments and political.  Are we carbon neutral yet?  Are we heading in that direction?  That will make the world more sustainable.
Be quicker to respond to customer needs; that will improve our job satisfaction in the field to remain valuable and for business growth. Also, consider evaluating the Med/legal process. Apparently it’s long, slow and is always the scapegoat we hear about from marketing and our CTLs as to why something isn’t ready or available (again back to quick to respond to needs).  I love all the tools for personal and professional development= keep it up! The LiveIt team is amazing!
Strenghten our portfolio in Primary Care
Break down the Upper Gwynedd site inner circle culture.  More presence, leadership hires, general hires, and activity post-pandemic at the actual HQ in Rahway, NJ.
I believe that operating in a mode where a portion of employees are on-site while most are working remotely is having a detrimental impact on team culture in MMD to an extent which merits proactive action.  I sense cynicism  among many colleagues where it wasn't previously present (or wasn't expressed as openly) regarding what they perceive as a disregard for the impact that off-site employees have on the ability of on-site employees to be successful and a lack of recognition for the additional costs on-site employees bear as compared to remote employees.  I believe the reverse is also true, as I hear concerns from remote employees about a lack of responsiveness among on-site employees, many of who may be getting the same requests from multiple channels, and the need for them to work in non-traditional modes.  I know of no easy solution to this situation - hopefully as the year wears on more of us can return seeing each other face to face - which is an irreplaceable way of work.
Educate and empower employees about employee rights.  Have a clear path for career development at each level that is communicated and is actionable.   Adopt transparency in communication about special assignments, rotations, project allocation.  Build inclusive teams where each member has equal opportunity for training and development.  Introduce 360o annual performance evaluations so we can evaluate our manager's performance annually.  Create opportunities for employees from all levels to talk with leaders when leaders do small group meetings. When leaders meet with pre selected group of employees (our current practice-as this list is pulled together based on manager recommendation), the conversations do not represent entire spectrum and are inherently biased. Also, managers may select same group of people to represent their group and that adds more bias to the already biased process.
SOPs / guidelines for the different roles (GDMA, RDMA)
Overall everything is excellent. I consider this a great place to work. If anything, I would recommend a more transparent communication in this era of change. Potentially additional resources for individuals that now will be working from home on a more standard basis.
promote teamwork, promote not pointing out anyone for any reason, promote support between different roles. To grant positions to people who are really prepared for them, and not because they are friends os who is giving the position.
Some objectives/ priorities are not clear among divisions or are to focused in sales only. I'm not a finance expert but revenue is not only related to sales. Although sales might be the most important factor, the world we live in now requires taking care of other aspects as the environment and a lot of processes may need to be reassessed to fulfill these new expectations for human sustainability.
More empowerment.  In GCTO, allow mid level managers more authority to take country level decisions so we can be more agile.
If Merck wants to truly change and be agile, it should leverage experience of employees coming from the outside and let those who understand the core of their work take binding decisions for the company (e.g. IT to approve enterprise architecture also for divisions). TxO is supposed to deliver significant transformation while most of the program’s core team members have been working for Merck for 20+ years. How can that help the transformation, change behavior and employee mindset? The program structure is already more robust than the teams delivering the work - creating another layer of overhead without adding adequate value (can we measure the cost of the program to date vs. value delivered).
- Build up & invest for a; flexible, non-hierarchical, fast decision making-agile mindset working environment.
Allow us to collaborate with our medical science liaisons.
Engage Honestly and openly with employees, recognise the importance of downtime, promote a no blame culture .
open opportunities for people development
Faster decision making; more resources to train employees
Merck needs to continue to offer competitive salaries and valuable resources (such as additional health care benefits) to employees.  Merck also needs to continue to help employees understand their career paths within the company.
take care of work life balance, ensure systems works as they should to avoid rework and extra hours, workload reviews  ensuring not overloading employees.  Provide more and improved benefits for employees, like childcare payment support, full internet payment support , better salary increases, better annual present for employees.
Invest more on employees ideas and push people to contribute in more creative ways to the company and the society more in general.
Treat every one fairly.  Value the employees and promote within.  Pay accordingly
They are doing a great job and keep doing what they are doing it right now.
Keep personal political viewpoints out of the business work environment.
In my business unit, the biggest thing holding us back is getting new products licensed in time.  5-7 years for licensing of new products is unacceptable for our customers and because our competitors are much faster to market.   I have been very disappointed in the way Ken Frazier has inserted political views into our business.  Our leaders need to realize that employees have views on political topics that widely vary and we shouldn't be making statements in the media that indicate the company has one view, many people don't agree with the view stated--stay out of this and run the business--please.
Work life balance is seriously out of whack at the moment.  The pandemic is certainly a contributing factor but we're also trying to do too much with fewer people.  I'm currently involved in 4 strategic initiatives, co-leading 2 while managing my day job.  At the same time my day job is expanding to take on work from two peers who're moving to Organon and will not be replaced.  As the same time, my team is shrinking because of Organon where I'm replacing only 2 of 4 resources while covering more areas.  Something has to give.
Do something about the feedback they receive from the employees. every comment matters!
Ensure that we are at the forefront of the pharmaceutical industry. Continue to innovate and be efficient in manufacturing
It is very difficult to manuever the current "ever-changing" environment with the level of bureaucracy we have to handle towards the insed of the company. We need to be much more nimble in order to be more proficient in our work and deliver on expectations. Always in a compliant way, but moving faster
Keep the track on the WoW, Diversity and Inclusion.
Enable new hires' opinions to be heard - sometimes individuals who have started at Merck within a year don't feel like their feedback matters and it often gets dismissed by managers.
Support managers and provide resources to drive positive changes in the workplace.
Promote diversity in all levels of leadership
There is little path for progression past Band 400 at country level. For advancement as a PM you need to move to HQ as roles not offered outside of the US and EU.  Moving to HQ would also be at employees risk and expence.
continue flexible work from home policies where possible with job function.
Less trainings, less changes in processes, less systems and more time to engage with customers, with the Team, and for self development.
Pay us fair market value!
to simplify the process and have more direct responsibility might help reduce errors
It appears there will be a slow ramp up as we return to the office and it will be important to continue to invest in ways to allow flexibility and career opportunities for those who cannot return full-time to office work immediately.
Be careful with current politics! Don’t alienate employees and shares holders based on the current political  environment.
Improve platforms such as SIP in GCTO and remove certain requirements that result in bottlenecking of results that impact metrics.
Should strike a good balance between data integrity work and digital technological work. Right now because data integrity is all consuming, with many constraints, we are unable to optimally leverage on digital technology for progression. We often end up spending more time using digital technology.
Proactive support for Diversity & Inclusion for gender, generation, and nationality and demonstration of it consistently through their behavior and message.
Leadership should give assurance of job security.  With the transition of Ken Frazier, and the multiple resignations of people in high leadership positions, there's some uncertainty about imminent shake-ups.
1. Simplicity in internal processes; too many meetings that disrupt sales person time on the field. Can cut down number of meetings involved.    2. Empowerment to colleagues to handle projects and not micro to every details and countless of meetings just to update on small details. 3. Too many unnecessary audits, even lunch and learn also need to audit when doctor is not comfortable having 3rd party who sit in to listen to our discussion. And company has no official letter to give to HCP to inform them if lunch & learn will be subject to audit. Most time doctor is not aware and caught of guard when auditor appear.  4. Learn to listen to staff - feedbacks given and always no solutions. Only gather feedbacks for documentation but not solving the issues, eg: veeva engage when doctor wrote in complaint letter and now reopen and back to f2f work yet the number of veeva has remain high.
Employees need a better platform to voice their opinions
Improve internal effectivenss, simplify the process to help team quickly react to MKT, meanwhile really with patients and consumers centric.
Focus on development for current employees. It seems new hires can move up, but current employees are stuck. It doesn't make sense to not use the knowledge of current employees and offer them a way to advance at Merck.
Stop saying that Merck thinks diversity, inclusion, courage, candor, etc. are important when truly it all depends on your management's point of view.   It rings as empty rhetoric.  I find it a waste time since I do not feel my management actually believes in it.  It makes me very angry and the company loses credibility.
Be more transparent and ensure the message being cascaded to the team from management on timely manner. Everyone should be aware of the opportunities available.
New innovations as well as customer centric approach.
Provide more targeted pathways for career progression i.e. if one would like to progress their career to CRM or CCQM or Reg Affairs then it would be nice if training or exposures directly related opportunities would be made available. Yes there are opportunities such as leadership courses nominations that are in place however there aren't any such opportunities for one that might want to transition to Reg Affairs
Continue focused on our vision of inventing and delivering those inventions to the patients
Focus on business
This is a great place to work. I appreciate how everyone works to help each other to become more knowledgeable and efficient. I appreciate the growth and mindset that I have developed in this company.
Continue to engage all staff at every level.
Provide work/life balance.  In recent years, we have gotten more resources, but even more middle management has been hired that comes up with initiatives that are beyond what our resources are able to handle.  There is so much miscommunication among the many different people and groups that are "managing" that true feedback of how things are going is not making it back up the chain.
- Consider the negative impact which the office work-from-home policy has had on employees in the COVID / post-COVID era. Empower and trust staff to stand by the value of F2F collaboration without mandating the number of days employees must attend the office. Currently staff turn up to the office to tick a box without necessarily having F2F meetings to attend. This policy has impacted employee morale, particularly part time staff with dependents. It has created a stigma around remote working and a sense of mistrust. Many staff feel this policy is a missed opportunity to create a happier and more productive culture.  - Upgrade employee iPhone devices every 2 years. We rely on our phones an increasing amount, and the iPhone 8 device is a very old model in 2021.  - Place more accountability on people managers for employee wellbeing in order to reduce stress. Foster a culture of respect for people's time. Reduce the number of meetings.
Ensure a diversified and strong portfolio to carry us into the future.  Ensure Leaders put into practice/demonstrate Ways of Working versus just endorse it.
I think  the steps the company is taking in regard to diversity and inclusion in very positive.
Merck should look to other Fortune 100 and Fortune 500 companies (including non-pharma too) and see what their employees are saying about these companies.  If these companies are doing something innovative or has implemented something new as it relates to doing business, ways of working, benefit structure, compensation, diversity, etc., then Merck should continue to be adaptable and consider the benefits of implementing something similar.  Thank you Merck for making Merck a GREAT place to work!
MSD is doing a great job. We shall work together to sustain the current achievements that we made and together we look forward to the new phase of digitalization.
Too many meetings are scheduled and with the new work environment, it can be very stressful.  No meeting Mondays and/or Fridays would be helpful but needs to be reinforced from upper management.  Or another solution is requiring meetings to start at 15 after the hour.  This would be valuable because meetings won’t end at quarter of if you make them 45 minutes.  So what I mean is 11:15 - 12:00.  Gives 15 minutes to regroup from one meeting to the next.  But again needs to come from the top.
MSD is a great place to work. I see the recent IT transformation will result very positive outcome where IT team from different functional got to work together in Agile model with faster work cycle turnaround time.
Invest in Chronic Care sales team for a strong future with product access, competitive and novel products.  Our division holds hard working, talented sales professionals who are willing to do what it takes to support customers and patients and keep our company thriving.
Be in the way to provide all their employees opportunities to escalate in the company and take new changelles
Stay out of politics.   It divides us all.
If multiple managers in a team work late nights and on the weekends it can become the unspoken expectation whether perceived or intentional.  My work life balance has been eroding for months, I don't foresee it getting better anytime soon, and at times it seems getting the job done is more important than the person doing it.  I've struggled with depression and brought it up with management.  It seemed to be something that was taken seriously at first but is probably forgotten by now.  I'm not sure this position is the right fit for me. Recently, I thought about leaving to reduce my stress and improve my mental health.
Continue to be relevant and be open to taking the risks on how we engage and show up in our local communities.  We also need to continue to strive for fair and responsible pricing actions and think of new ways that we can create access to our products for populations that need them  Affordability will continue to be a challenge, especially when the product is purchased by governments.   We also need to tell our story better!  We do amazing things at Merck but stay so quite about our successes.  Let's continue to find compliant ways to share our accomplishments and build trust with our influential stakeholders and patients.
Be transparent and honest in communication to the field
Process simplification and risk aversion
I think they need to become more competitive in their salary compared to other pharma companies.
Continue to share the great work being done across the globe.
I'm proud to work for Merck and the patients we serve. I think visibility into long-term opportunities and the impact we are having around the world is inspiring. I sincerely appreciate how Merck invests in culture and people. Keep doing that!
It would be glad to have HR business partner who can do understand employee. I mean the HR should do more activities to close with the employee.
have databases that talk to each other within departments and across different areas.  so much manual input and checking.
Our leadership does not listen to the "little guys" - there are many crucial people leaving our company and we're not even doing exit interviews to diagnose the issues!
Continue to support employees if we need to work from home due to the current pandemic situation.
In any work environment, when creating and updating Standard Operating Procedures, there are numerous considerations; many ways to get it right and many ways to get it wrong. Our company should ensure that the correct people with the correct knowledge are writing the SOP’s, in an engaging format and writing style for the end user. Ensure that the end user is consulted in the process and that the SOP is fully tested in the working conditions it is to be used in. However, currently, our organization enshrine thoughtless SOP manager as ‘leadership material’ and there is no check and balance on what they do. Checks and balances are important in businesses as one individual can make choices & decisions that affect operations. I feel that it's the right way our company is heading on having pulse survey to identify ways to improve work culture to ensure business success in the long-run.
Right away i would like to have updates regarding next steps or short term plan related to COVID pandemic.
Focus on and empower work life balance
Elevate the voices of those who are taking chances and experimenting - continue to reinforce that perfection is not the goal. Encourage accountability.
Continue on our journey of an agile way of working. One of the big challenges right now is that we are working in two ways: an agile approach (e.g. the DETs, some marketing activities) and traditional, hierarchical processes.
Streamlining of processes would be helpful. The administrative burden at the moment is significant
Better support for early patient access to our medications when it is clear they will provide a benefit to an at need population prior to registration or public funding.
Please refrain from making political and social justice comments towards employees.  It’s unnecessary insulting and disingenuous.
Programs should provide expert guidance instead of collecting spreadsheets and assuming the bottom tier can work it out. Help solve the problem, or mandate it. Anything but a passive aggressive spreadsheet, and variances with no means to an end.
Simplify process to make employee's life easily and productively. (Process cost more than 50% of total working time)
Building more safety with employees
Allowance for electricity
Please keep caring about employees as you do now.
Continue to be a supportive workplace environment for employees, and be transparent and empowering with our future goals. Introduce more engaging programs that focuses and initiate conversations on mental health wellbeing at the workplace.
Promotion Standard should be consistent and transparent.
1. Motivate and retain top talent that have joined Merck from externally 2. Invest and reward top talent 3. Be open to new ideas and processes
Recognize , reward and offer promotions  when folks perform well in their roles.
I'm glad there haven't been layoffs and that the Company has been supportive of working remotely, providing updates on the pandemic and having resources available to help employees cope with stress during these trying times. But I feel like all the Company cares about is getting younger. And I've worked so hard the past year but feel senior management cares more about the status of the stock than making sure I'm recognized and rewarded for my accomplishments and that I'm replaceable.
Ensure salaries (at all levels) are reviewed on a routine basis to ensure it is competitive with similar roles in other companies and for cost of living.
Make the employee feels appreciated when working in MSD by giving present as a token of appreciation towards the employee especially during this pandemic that hits us very much.
Scan the industry and see what other leading companies are doing to stay successful. We seem to do it periodically to ensure our financial compensation is comparable. But I do not believe that we always match up effectively with other parameters (resources , technology and perks) to keep the sales force competitive and smiling on a daily basis.  Also our medical education department needs to be revamped. In some ways we are living in the past. The RMDs are fabulous and have tremendous impact with our customers. However our MMF, PDG, eMFs are outdated and have limited impact.  Field sales spends an incredible amount of time planning and processing programs that have limited outreach or success. Also, there is a tremendous amount of time and stress involved with conducting all of them and so many things need to be improved upon.
Deliver clearer message to all level about short and long term strategies. Publicize open positions to internal org and have a transparent recruitment process.
Nothing in particular
A pay raise would be awesome for all the employees. Times are hard and we all deserve a pay raise to boost our morale up.
Benchmark to other big pharmaceutical companies in term of welfare and compensation for employees.
Bring employees ' salaries to the average market values
not only changing mindset but also building skillset to be ready to facing with the challenges on the digital transformation journey
Review of SIP vs AIP for sales teams. With the focus on Ways of Working is now the time for us to move to a more AIP way of rewarding.
Our People Strategy is always listed as top company priority and yet it is not pro-actively promoted and communicated.
More understanding on the time difference among regions when setting up teleconference or meetings. More transparency in sharing information internally across functions that affects projects development
Do only look at cost as the main driver, invest in the future on facility and people, the well being of the employees is important as people are our key assets, we cannot afford to keep cutting resource and doing more with less.
GWES should work with the 3rd-party IFM team to make the MSD office a warm and cozy place to work in.  The IFM team is here to support the MSD employees and should not control the use of the office facilities for their conveniences.
Be more proactive and less reactive.
Introduce time management e-learnings as mandatory in line with i.e. ergonomics at the work station
Support a company wide effort to redefine work-life balance and reset work load expectations.
Although the company promotes diversity & inclusion, there are still power harassments at the local level. I feel that local HR is also admissive to power harassments, which is slowing down the improvement.
Needs to focus more on how to cultivate the right culture in the People Managers. There is a focus on the leaders but there is not a robust approach on how to educate people managers . This is translated in the following: 1. How they recruit (they are not trained which means that they don't have the same recruiting standards and they don't recruit for Merck/MSD but for the open position. For example : are they inclusive ? Do they recruit based on WoW ? Do they ask appropriate and structured questions ?  2. How they manage critical employee moments in an inclusive way 3. How they understand corporate priorities and guide their people through these. MSD is a great company with amazing initiatives and is really a petty that there is this gap which would definitely play critical role in making and sustaining the company as a great place to work
It would be good to improve work-life balance at the company.
Keep doing the good work it is doing now
The company should be placing employees top most concern on work resources as a key priority.  There have been on several occasions callouts to the Leadership Team on the double and triple hatting and there is an overall feeling of fatigue within the organization/function.  However, there are no concrete steps/sharing on what the Leadership Team plans/intends to do.  Our people just continue to get on with the daily work lives and putting in their best efforts; often at times; compromising on their personal and family well-being.  Such unprecedented times call for unprecedented ways of working in managing such issues.
Focus on people, constantly sharing the platform/link/contact to allow all employees to provide their feedback and comments beside wait for next round of Pulse survey, work resources, create more opportunities &  deploy Artificial Intelligent or RPA automation.
I hope company can be more open and look at different talents
give people their promotions that has earned it over and over again and not have to jump thru hoops to prove them selves. To  be treated equalily
No comments, as MSD provides immense support to the society and happy to be part of the team
Focus on career progression roadmap in order to retain talent
enhance Ways of Working to be rooted in daily work
Merck is doing a fabulous job in this pandemic situation. I have observed that we are thanking people ,sharing credits, listening attentively , humbly asking questions and acknowledging others which is creating an impact. As  professionals , this is the time to step in, to lead, collaborate and partner with empathy. which we are already doing.  We are already using innovative ways to reach to our customers for the product awareness with safety and make the company a great place to work and deliver on our mission.
More promotions to people that deserve it with in our area. Instead of hiring out side the company. Especially if that person has been doing the work before and qualified for that position. There is to many bosses that have there favorites. There is really know where to bring your concerns. We always fell belittle when bringing up concerns.
Make sound business decisions.
Agree on more empowerment of regional structures and affiliate structures . Decentralize +++ Accept that innovation may come from countries and support /stimulate evolutions of existing models .
1) Regional / Global colleagues understand local market pain point and co-create solution to address, that will be great help. 2) Keep KPI tracking as need base e.g. too many commercial operation tracking, it very hard to focus... 3) It easy to add something to do, if we can spend some time to remove " nice to have" that will be great.
The internal approval process needs to be faster and smoother
Stablise Transformation asap and focus on delivering true value to business
safeguard our key talents, even when they are contractors.
Invest in IT technology to streamline and modernize our employee experience. Invest in business process improvements to optimze our operations by removing waste and bottlenecks. It takes too long for us to get things done at our company, often because of business processes that are convoluted; for example, the IT Risk Management and Security process required for on-boarding new supplier solutions often takes over six weeks - too long and in the way of us moving at a competitive speed.
more vacation and job sharing roles
increase more flexibility about the working hours for children care. For example, go to work in the Morning earlier, and leave work earlier, so that I can pick up my children.
1- Sharing clearly its vision & tools well be used to achieve it 2- Annual Compensation plan must be reviewed especially for those who are seniors in their jobs 3- Must allocate resources especially for the supporting Functions like (MA & commercial) to maintain keeping MSD as one of major partners with Customers  4- Car policy should be revised
Continue to deliver what is required by the patients and invest in R&D to cure patients
Most of our benefits are outsourced. I am not sure Merck know the  undue stress  & hoops we have to go through to fight and actually use our actual benefits.  Two examples are: process and customer service issues with BCBS and Sedgwick.
Because of the impressive size of the company It is important to create a more direct and intimate connection between management and employees
Be carefull about the workload of each employee and insure the balance between work and personal life is respected
Be mindful of the pressures and stress employees are under, try and manage workload better.  Greater understanding of the pressures faced while working in a pandemic.
Focus on basics and stop making processes more complicated
Increase of annual leave days would be a plus  Helping to create an ergonomic work place at home during the pandemic is a must.
make contribution related to this pandemic and leverage existing data.
Team work and leverage the resource each site.
Practice what you preach. We have all seen the signs across site about speaking up if you see things not right but I don't as first of all I am rarely listened to and secondly my manager doesn't get support from above if something should be discussedimplemented. My manager is under intense pressure from above and seems to be all the time,hence spending less time with us as a group.  I know a lot of people would like to leave at present due to the pressure across site.
To make a more work life balance working environment.
More involve country feedbacks to improve ways of working at global level
Invest in blended learning resources and encourage development opportunities and exposure to all levels of the organisation.
It would be good to focus on some of the known problem areas, and really do a deep dive and not just listen to the managers of the area, but go to the people and listen to the challenges they are encountering on a day to day basis. Some of the best ideas come from the floor and we need some focused resources (An improvement team who will actually do the heavy lifting not just talk about it and oversee) to help get those ideas into fruition as areas are stretched and sometime do not have the bandwidth or expertise to deliver, which results in the ideas not getting implemented as intended and lots of frustration. E.g. - The DI remediation work, which was critical to implement site and there was a great job done, we now need to look at how effective and efficient the solution was, and is there a better way to do it now we have time to reflect.
Take into account our new ways of working due to the COVID situation, to adap them in the future (home office for instance).
Revamp financial model of project costing - not keeping in pace with modern realities of agility and technological change. Legacy org structure and workday constraints often run directly against Ways of Working.
Help with the demands of shiftwork on people including the risks involved in driving home after nights.
thanks
Act more talk less. Focus on execution, I see many times how teams are so poor in executing their ideas.
focus on people development rather than short term cost reduction, it should reduce number of talent leaving, and retained talented people will start contribute more, focus on future improvements, than being stuck with continuous fire-fighting
I think MSD has been fantastic given the covid pandemic. I feel supported and having utilised my addtional capacity in the Gig world.  I would like to see job creation from the gig work moving forward. There are many great workstreams that are being developed of which i believe could be further developed into full time roles. The Gig set up is great and works well when there is additional capacity available but as we move back towards some form of normality it could hinder the progression of the projects.
keep on the efficieny improvement. keep focus on the key business.
more freebies please
Make hiring new people faster to ease workload  and keep stress level lower.
great place to work. would be great if we can have CPF contribution for foreign worker as well.
Reducing workloads to increase efficiency. Provide the employees with a wider range of training (f2f or by remote), in order to develop their skills and work ambitions, to the best extent possible.
More flexible about policy &SOP to compete with other pharma company in Thailand Simplify for the internal process and document to reduce workload that are not generate sales and achievement .
Provide additional resourses when new processes and systems are put in place that increase the time it takes to perform activities
Ask probing questions of staff, ensure they feel heard and listened to. Check in with staff working at home and ensure answers are heard and actioned - not just a tick box exercise!
Allow people to be promoted when skilled enough as it leads to demotivation, frustration, quality of the work and at the end leaving the company. Currently there are always limits for people to be promoted and it is almost impossible to advance in career within the same team. Changing teams (current company strategy) in many cases leads to changed role and interest and people who want to stay within the same competency rather leave the company into similar higher position in other company, which is very sad as we loose skilled and experienced colleagues. I know many who did it for the same reason.
MSD animal Health should be more digitalized
focus more on major objectives, less on non-significant procedural uniform
Structure with regard to roles. It seems to me that nobody understands their key responsibilities and roles onsite. You literally could be asked to do anything above your role with no training and what used to be someone's job, they now seem to think its not.. Nobody seems to know whos doing what. Very frustrating at trying to get something done as your are passed from person to person
cross functional teams could be more open with each other and share more details. When things happen, instead of finger pointing, focus on solving the issue first. Many a times the relationships are strained because the cross functional teams always like to highlight who is at fault, or just come up with something and push the blame to someone and one will feel aggrieved. With this kind of culture, very soon nobody will share anything and also goes to show there is no team spirit across the different departments.   Training and development for junior staff is also lacking and there aren't opportunities for junior staff to shadow or learn new knowledge, except for systems that are related to internal processes. There is a lack of push within the company to develop oneself, which will also benefit the company in the end. Without exposure, there is no knowledge and no opportunity to network in the industry.
to appreciate more employees from lower levels. If the manager is given successful as on overall result for an year, this would not be possible without help of his team no? Therefore why the team is given much lower overview? Is it that managers and leaders are doing all by themselves?
Merck needs to adequately equal opportunity and resources to talent that are truly keen to progress and make an impact. They should also prioritise internal talents before exploring outside.
Move fast with the digital trend Simplified approval process and admin work
Keep challengin "old" Ways of working.  Become more process driven. Connecting more clearly and more often to the company vision (in a relevant way for different groups.)
Nothing
look after keyworkers, we should be vaccinated by now like most other biopharmaceutical companies
More emphasis on the work life balance.  Can result in a negative environment in the department.  Some groups are over stretched and more balance approach on resources in different departments may be required.
Be even more ruthless in prioritizing on what has value for patients, customers and stakeholders. I feel we still do many projects where this value is questionable...
Fast decision making is an important  piece in order to be competitive within industry.
Providing hope and clear pathway to workers on the possibility of career advancement
Personally, I think a rule on not booking lunchtime meetings would boost the productivity of employee's.
simplify process to become more customer-centric and improve customer experience
To provide more flexibility : - for women/men who would like to spend more time with her/his children or or elderly parents,  - or for spending time one day per week in an association/ethical organisation  :   Work at 80%: one day off in week... (in France, we need to work at MSD for four years before to ask for a 90% time)  Thank you very much for this survey.
We are being forced down a path that does not feel customer centric with regard to our communications and the delivery of relevant information, it is about what we are necessitated to include  - rather than what the customer would like to see included. We are getting tied up in knots trying to make resources and actions be compliant to our own internal demands, which is taking up hours of resource, huge amounts of money and a lot of energy by all stakeholders.
focus on how we ensures mutual respect for each other and how we show that in our communication
Continue to cascade & reinforce the KAM model of working, moving away from the Representative model. Currently in my role I am asked to perform Rep behaviours that hold me back from truly engaging with my customers & delivering on their agenda's. Moving forward in a true peer to peer model.
Close to the center of the city.
Allow sites more independence in decision making
pay particular attention to administrative resources
Continue to ensure staffs wellbeing
Focus on diversity strongly, put emphasis on aspect of age (generation focus) and provide recognition for those people who has strong contribution to the MSD success over decade and give them carrier pathway too.
I think that following steps can save and improve MSD as great place to work: - to save and promote diversity politics  - to expand opportunities for relocation between different departments and countries for employees. - to use and implement elements of Agile methodology in internal business processes  - to explore new IT technologies as blockchain, regtech, smart contracts, etc
Eliminate unnecessary work and increase empowerment. Over-controlling by global generates additional workload with risk of disengagement of local teams. Global initiatives should be developed with early involvement of key stakeholders and end-users
1. Continue with remote working after the pandemic - this has been the most positive change in my work life in 10 years 2. Adequately resource teams - this has also been the busiest I have been in my work life in 10 years due to half my team leaving and not being replaced. This level of 'busyness' and stress is not sustainable. 3. Focus more on Staff needs - it's a long time since there has been time to do any training
I'm a new person in company, I feel that MSD is really great place to work. It is modern company, which respect employees. I belive that company should develop digital tools and IT skills of employees to meet requirements of fast changing market.
Become more an office of the future, open workstations and home working encouragement. Professional and familiy values should be centralized to gain maximum potential out of employees.
MSD is a great company  great products and innovation at its core. I feel however that it is to afraid to experiment and sometimes is absolutely ignorant of market needs and HCP expectations. Lack of early access and PSPs for smaller countries is something that needs to be changed if we want to really stand by our motto of "inventing for life". Also, it's strange that George Merck's beliefs of putting the patients at the core of all we do is no longer a foundation for us.
Build Talent pipeline and succession planning.  Help colleagues expose to new areas of work or TA (oncology) so they can make informed choice on their career development.
Actively enhance work life balance, Limit the uncertainty of employees losing their job, create a job environment with no distractions. Offer career development paths and learning development
give fair opportunities, be honest to all employees about their/company future.  Acquire new products, take care of pipeline....
promoting the culture of being 1 team. Post corona times it would be good to motivate people to work from the office.
More scheduled free time - once a month have breakfast on us for example.
MSD is a great place to work already, oncology pipeline should be enhanced further.
I feel there is so much great work going on in Merck and often see some great press releases on Financial Platforms that dont be communciated down. Also there is not a whole lot of information in the Merck pipeline which would be great to see. List of products and the clinical stages which they are at.
Decrease complication of some SOP
- Awareness about global warming - Work on interesting and innovative pipeline in vaccines & infectious diseases
to ensure that the right and competent people are on the right work place
When lockdown restrictions lift , a summer party maybe.
Maybe taking an innovative approach on how we stay connected in these trying times. There is an increase of meetings and I feel "zoom fatigue". Maybe encourage people to take more meetings outsite?
I would like to see that balancing work/life balance is becoming a bit more of a priority for Merck/MSD. In the past years, saving expenses was one of the top priorities but it lead to increased pressure on existing FTE's. Workload, projects, managing deadlines has increased but at the same time FTE rates have either been decreased or just stayed the same. This leads in certain teams to frustration, tiredness and even to the situation, that talents start to think about leaving Merck/MSD.
Try to catch up all the changes in market and environment. Do more innovation. Try to use localized leader to understand and response market change more quickly.
I think the company needs to listen to the people from the ground up.  Divisions need to work better together to work smartly and compliantly.  Improvements to be made should be cross functionally based.  MSD policies need to be consistent across MSD sites - all sites should be following the same guidelines/criteria while being compliant in their region.
Allow working from home as more of an option going forward after the pandemic
Listen to its own employees instead of having consulting companies drive every aspect of the change. Everyone is talking about supporting talent but when it comes to important decisions, they always turn away from employees and listen to consultants.
- Buy compounds to increase the pipeline possibilities - Prepare the future (what beyond Keytruda?) - Allocate enough resources (balance between risk taking or stopping activities)
Less Blame on personal and more coaching when things don't go right
open up for opportunities to develop your carrier.
Our Company mission is to discover, develop and provide innovative products and services that save and improve lives.  The core of who we are we can find in our values and standards and we should remain constant. Those values and standards will always be the very basis of our success.                                                            One comment from my side Merck/MSD  should discover current best practice workplaces, identify virtual workplace approaches to be preparing for the post-COVID work environment.
More not linear/direct feedback
Speak up- MSD encourages employees to speak up but I believe there is still much to do. From soeak up, to listening and actions to be taken
expand the product portofolio
Being more agile and flexible making the decisions
Focus on R&D and bringing new products to the market that address patient needs
shadowing programs across departments & the opportunity to learn about other areas of possible interest (for working in the future) - other than the Gigs (which sometimes require a significant amount of time and are just not possible with current responsibilities)
Even we promote transparency, fairness, equality this does not happen. For example when it comes about new opportunities/ new roles in the organization, sometimes we don`t have the chance to see them.. neither to apply for them.
It is a great place to work but can strive to be more patient-focused than process-focused. Customer centricity and human-centered design is a great useful approach and the future for successful companies.
I hope to be in a fair, transparent, positive energy, mutual respect team, no abuse and slander, mutual help team, but now the team is not like this
Stay focused on the customers, and what MSD is for the customers. Not be too occupied with implementing agile and scrum in functions and practice where agile and scrum doesn't make the process lean. For small countries, agile and scrum might slow down the work instead of making it more efficient for the marketing teams.
I don’t know
continue to evolve, become more digital internally, find the right balance between travel and virtual meetings. Virtual meetings are extremely productive, time saving, less tiring and cost efficient
Build  coaching capability in our people eladers.
Stronger support of importance of work-life balance, and reinforcing people managers to support their teams to take time , to reflect and leave the space for themselves. Now especially it is critical due to working from home.!
For marketing and IT, Innovation, Digital,  build internal in-house core team for design and development, do not rely on agencies, because they are either incompetent or money oriented. The email itself sent to employees to fill-in this form is an example of bad digital experience. If this survey is really important, then the email should be designed to show that it is serious and that employees' opinions are respected and will be taken account.
Create space that Customer centricity is top priority and becomes a reality.  Before making any global initiatives/changes/projects that has impact on markets, ensure proper alignment and assess market resources so that they will be able to implement properly
Launch New Products .
Increase Employees welfare
Utilize what has been learned with remote working through covid to sponsor  flexible work arrangements going forward
Continue to decentralize decision-taking and empower people further to do so. Very often people feel as if they cannot be trusted (either to know something or to take a decision at their level) or aren't trusted by the company they work for...
Continue to embrace D&I, new WoW and continue to support working remotely.
I am really happy to be part of this company and  continuously  MSD is doing things to make the company a great place to work
MSD/ Merck is a already great place to work!  To be faster and more agile in grapping opportunities in R & D,, or new business models.  To have a continuity in R&D for existing therapeutic areas.
Bring the shift worker's annual leave policy in line with other pharmaceutical manufacturers.
optimise and reduce administrativ burden as much as possible… employ  more COMPLIANCE people to take care of COMPLIANCE timeconsuming aspects of everyday Business that are currently on HH and medical people
I believe MSD is a great place to work, however there is challenges due to COVID and working from home. It is important to manage stress and for all employees to have a work life balance.
Make work more efficient and less time consuming
When decreasing expenses, company should manage expactions from employees accordingly .  I understand that the company needs to limit expenses; however, if this means that the existing /increasing requirements hit fewer employes, there is a risk of quality, compliance and attrition.
MSD can consider update the employee more information about the company's future, for example Organon progress, because there are a lot of extra work load now for Organon. Besides, pipeline of the company etc.
Return to its values
SEMPRE PROCURAR IMPLEMENTAR E OU MANTER BENEFICIOS AO EMPREGADO.
MSD should make phycological & mental check for it's managers before promotion. MSD should secure & retain the talents through offering fair career pathway. Company should provide healthy environment to support work-life balance of it's employees. MSD should give more support to speak up work environment without fear or negative consequences.
Instead of taking a global uniform approach in carrying out most activities, each site should be able to access the suitability of this approach to their process.  I don't think one fit suits all.
More resources in terms of people working, more employees
Develop career paths to enable progression in the organisation, many roles have no opportunity for promotion resulting in valuable staff leaving the organisation.
New software tools are available and in use. Training for colleagues on these would improve their effectiveness. They are usually left to teach themselves.
The company is doing a good job, however how successfully the company can manage the transition of coming out of the COVID restrictions, combined with moving into a new location in London will be critical to how people feel about working for MSD moving forward.  Will the high level of communication and involvement continue when there is a different ebb and flow to peoples working patterns, commuting travel etc..  what will we lose, as well as gain.. and how will the expectation align with this significant change to employees daily structure.  In addition some honest communication about the future focus of the business and what we 'as MSD' want to be coming out of the Oraganon spin... How do we see ourselves operating as a business in the next 1, 5, 10 years time.. and what does this mean for us as employees (where do we fit into the future, and what it looks like).
Make decisions based on full facts and data gleamed from the working level. Streamline oversight. Do not deploy digital systems that actually decrease efficiency and are more complex.
1) Enhance people performance assessment
The change to a new general manager brings me hope that Merck Puerto Rico will be a better place to work. I have faith that the leadership team will be people that will represent real leadership in knowledge and in caring for the employees.
I'm in the Medical department in the Nordics. I'm currently not able to forefill my tasks. We are experiencing increasing amount of admin-task and at the same time the requirements for external facing activities are increasing. We are to few and the ambitions are very high. Working from home has not made things easier. The amount of meetings are overwhelming and leaves very little time to do our work - the work that really matters and why I get out of bed every morning, leave my kids in the kindergarten to go to work.
See more areas that work behind the scenes (Accounting, Payroll, among others) Give these professionals a little appreciation
Support the employees during difficult periods such us COVID-19 pandemic.
Value their employees more
Develop and promote the employees on the basis of their performance, key contributions and past experience with in MSD with required skill sets.
I think that we can improve the onboarding process (I've started working here just a month ago) and I think that it could be really useful a tour through company applications and resources
We need quality personnel in operations, the contractor experiment, always training people, and once we have people trained up, they are either hired, and moved to a different building/department/shift, etc.  Then we have to start training all over again.
There needs to be transparency in people from different cultures and race are being paid equal to their " white colleagues" and given the same level of opportunities to be promoted  The company has done a lot to bring equal pay between male & females but has not been done to the same extent to address different races nor equal opportunities for promotion.
Invest more in digital and technological innovation (currently, a lot of investment goes to molecule innovation, but digital health is becoming a crucial pillar for pharma).
Increase portfolio and aggressive business.
For many people the past year has been an incredibly stressful time.  Merck needs to find a way to help reduce some of that stress and at the same time make their employees feel valued.  Last year's reduction of the bonus amount to 87% was so hurtful in a year where so many were going above and beyond.  The Company missed an opportunity to show their employees that they are valued.  They could have looked at the situation in the world and said, there have been unforeseen issues and we are going to fund the bonus at 100%; it was like kicking people when they were down
More emphasis into the One Team approach during project work
Less politics among different functions. Encourage cross-functional collaboration.
Merck and MSD could benefit from building the right environment (GTMM/Structures/business models) to enable the WoW, especially adaptability and experimentation. Further flexibility in these structures could allow for less impact on people resource in restructures when deprioritizing or pivoting on strategy.   In the next year or so, mergers and acquisitions could play a huge role in providing further security for the employees as we are perceived to be largely an oncology and vaccines business.
interview there employees to know what are there needs for example cost of living (how shift rotations effect there personal life's)
Keep it simple in process and structure.
I think in general that the HR policies that are created for the company as a whole don't take into account people who work shifts (12 hours across 7 days a week), so it can be unfair. This leads good workers to not want to take shift work (and the pay isn't incentive enough, especially for working nights), which causes the shift leadership positions to be difficult to fill with skilled workers. For example, the 4th of July was on a Saturday in 2020, which meant that Merck recognized the 3rd of July as a holiday instead. But what that meant for shift workers was that people who worked on the ACTUAL holiday of the 4th of July received no holiday pay. Or that salaried shift leads receive no time off compensation for Merck holidays that take place on their days off.
Set reasonable, achievable goals with the proper amount of employees and contractors to support those goals.  Merck's outsourcing model has removed the runs of advancement for so many as only senior positions get posted.  The outsourcing model has only made employee jobs harder as it takes longer to get things done, things have to be redone and are often incorrect, and it makes us feel like Merck works for the contractors.
Keep Merck's reputation strong by continuing to research and develop high quality medicines for patients and animals and continue to partner with other companies who have the same goal in mind. Merck has done a wonderful job with how they have handled the COVID-19  pandemic, including developing treatments and working with other companies in whatever capacity needed to bring products to people as quickly and safely as possible .
Invest in people to increase engagement of employees ( providing resources for social life e.g. a personal budget can be allowed which can be spent on hobbies/sports etc.). Provide gym subscriptions.
We need to become a leaner organisation and I am not talking about the number of employees but the processes and bureaucracy. Appreciate the need especially as a giant multinational but I believe there is still a big potential to become a more agile organisation.
Merck and MSD already do a good job in being a great place to work. Their continuous concern in improving is, in my opinion, one of the most important keys for their success... they never stay still. I think that understanding how the employees are feeling through questionaires like this one, is very important to understand possible changes in the employees needs, and from their/our answers, potential changes can be identified. For now, I see that the company is already in a great path.
I still feel that the leaders within the affiliate where I am working are far from the new WoW's, as there continues to be a lot of hierarchy, micro-managing and internally focused work to create slide decks and analysis for our regional and global colleagues. I think that MSD needs to continue to have honest discussions about where we are today culturally and from a leadership style/perspective and lean into the difficult decisions or healthy conflict that is needed to actually move us forward and make these WoW's a reality for everyone, in each department.
1. Not only to publicly show the Ways of Working but action on those examples in order to change the company mindset and behavioral attitude, especially considering the agile environment. As if we don't change the way "old" employees do things we might miss some great milestones for the future of our company. 2. Look back at the salary range company offers for newcomers vs employees that worked years at the company and made a great contribution to the company's success vs external people. 3. External workers vs internal employees ratio is crazy! Company is paying external workers around 400 US per hours for the same or less qualitative work comparing to internal people (E&Y is an example). Check the Gartner industry index for more details if you have any concerns. Employees are the biggest company asset! - not contractors.
Merck has a great work ethic, Love working for Merck
To keep house working after Covid pandemic, at least, at worker discretion, to be able to combine family and work much easier.
constant focus on cost-management in an aging plant is demoralising
Hold VP and Senior Executives accountable (it like they think and do what they want) - truly look into how they treat staff and promote opportunity.....living and breathing the truth matters and people see it, you get the right Executive in place and it makes a huge difference - same as if you get the wrong one!
- Recognise the value of non P&L owners driving broad initiatives - we can still make a difference. - Accelerator teams are good to trigger interest but leave when the real, sustainable work needs to be done. Appropriately invest in & power resources - demonstrate an understanding of what truly needs to be done;  advocate a commitment & protection of capacity of those who need operationalise the new ways of working, rather than adding on to the ask.
Reduce complicated or duplicated work or process, focus more on result of each project instead of number of project. shift talk to talk to walk to walk culture, more empathy and empower can build the sustainable achievement to the company.
I would like to see more simplification : in theory, we speak about simplification or new ways of working but in reality, the more we move, the more we get processes, SOPs, limitations that make it difficult to move with the fast changing environment. I agree that rules are needed but some of them should also be challenged, evaluating the risk for the company.
Staying clear of publicly voicing political party support.  It is slowly alienating employees and our customers.  We have been made a daily headline in a negative manner and this behavior does not properly reflect our diverse organization.
Continue to provide a diverse environment with employees from different walks of life.
More workload balance
increase resources where needed, especially also admin support, reduce number of global/regional/local meetings, avoid duplicating data capturing in different systems, make systems &platforms less complex/easier to use, give people enough time/peace & space to focus on what is really important
We will always have environmental and competitor challenges, we need a opportunities to add resources to drive additional benefits. Now we have new technologies in place there are a lot of tactical tasks that can be managed via a centralized support hubs or outsourced suppliers partners.
Due to all of the changes, make sure the most current information and current instructions are easy to find on Sync, and make sure old information is removed so there is no confusion.
Continue their efforts in making it a diverse and inclusive workplace.
Continue it's focus on diversity & inclusion and educating employees on leadership behaviors that promote an environment of both productivity and overall well-being.
mRNA vaccines .   Exit rundown facilities.  Flexible work arrangements more common (rule / vs exception).
Ensure we follow the technology in term of new product Development and also in accelerating digitalizion of our process, specially the ones around manufacturing sites (this is my division)
continue to focus on D&I continue to manage workload/ spreading projects and initiatives to balance with routine work demands
Reduce the burden created by complexed and too rapidly changed and updated processes (Site monitoring role)
improve medical benefits - high deductibles and out of pocket costs
Continue to think of the employee's wellbeing
Have monthly meetings with the workforce to see where we can improve.
Simplify.  Too much red tape to work through to get things done.
Take a look at work load distribution and the use of Contractors.  I have seen a problem in my department with contractors where we lose good, talented, trained people because there contract has expired.  Some of our contractors are doing the same work as Merck employees. It seems like there is a constant revolving door of contractors and it is a waste of time with all of the retraining that needs to take place with each new person.  I don't think that there is a problem with bring people in as contractors to make sure that they are a good fit for the position, but it should be a one year contract with the intent to hire at the end if their person is competent at their job. Right now we lose our contractors after two years and often that means that a franchise is either loosing half or all its support until a new person can be trained.
Provide more areas for expression of our interest and needs in work. Find a way to strengthen the employees' sens of loyalty to the company and brand. Take care of integration of employees within departments. Ensure that employees are proud to work in our company.
More bold investments in the future e.g. digital health, personalized medicine, AI based drug discovery, etc. Merck tends to invest the least in these topics from our big pharma competitors, and Merck seems to be left behind.
Think a little outside the box, (flexible work situation), which we were forced to do during the pandemic. Meaning such as in research, realize there are instances where  work can be done from home and not lose a step in our progress. To be more open to those circumstances to better support work/life balance.
nothing
Keep doing what you are doing! Respect each person's value
Help managers to engage directly with their direct reports, to guide their development and work. Help the whole organisation, especially managers, appreciate that engagement with direct reports is not a box ticking exercise. Also, develop processes that recognise the various needs of clients and help MSD teams support the clients compliantly BUT with the client in the centre.
Continue to build out pathways for talent developments and competency pathways.  Ensure appropriate compensation benchmarking internally and externally.
Explore the opportunities, how we can collaborate between the teams better.
Look for additional strategies to balance work/Family life, since sometimes is difficult.
Work the pre-launch for new products for all clients including patients.
The work has increased but the staff has not. Please increase the amount of p2s.
Balance the allocation of resources and manpower
1. Create a central data science organization within either Merck or MMD.  2. Reduce the number of people (specifically managers) in various organizations (e.g. number of non-essential workers in MMD's PDM initiative). They end up adding no value to the project and end up slowing everyone who is contributing with non-value added meetings. 3. Use the extra revenue from 2 to invest in worthwhile projects like reducing Merck's footprint. 4. The unwillingness to pivot a project (e.g. PDM) because of politics/sunk cost fallacy/etc. is probably why Merck moves slowly in terms of executing initiatives.
Prioritize work
Start by enforcing social distancing in operations spaces and provide suitable work spaces for those who have to report to site every day. Due to social distancing, I cannot work at my desk and I need to hop from touchdown space to touchdown space each day. Also a shortage of usable space drives me to work out of other buildings and I need to walk across the WP site to get to my area multiple times a day.
Continue to use Ways of working to cross training people and to use resources across different sites - now that we have learnt to work remotely build on it to tap in to untapped resourses
Right size Oncology
We lose lots of good talent due to our flat system.  People need to be able to see a vision for their career path at the company when they come in and we do not provide that to them.
Create more transparency throughout line management. There seems to be quite a bit of decision making that gets lost and is not communicated effectively to our team.
Start providing at least monthly updates and feedback on my performance instead of the once a year surprise at review time
Resources are needed in order to ensure a healthy work/life balance
Thank you so much for all the support given during those tough times we've all been through.  Even remotely We all work very hard to deliver our products to those all needing them; while taking care of our families and our health we put most of our potential on work. Motivation of workers make a company a great place to work. A good motivation is established by both supporting the workers emotionally and by recognizing their success and challenges. Our company does a great job on this. Thanks so much
Seems other companies pay more and we lose good people. Still very siloed and a gap between senior leadership ED/VP and above with the rest of the employees.
promote/support/sponsor employees who are over-achieving year over year
They need to add support (headcount) if necessary so folks REALLY can have a valid work-life balance.  If there is any comment on too many projects (workload) there is more suspicion implying you are not working efficiently, rather than addressing the irrational and unsustainable workload.   It shames people into not speaking up.  It is difficult to be successful when every time someone leaves the organization, the work is split between the remaining employees.  I am actively going to be looking for work elsewhere.  After 19 years here.
Continue to be a diverse place to work open to sharing ideas to better our company and the world.
Focus less on politics
They should make help make human interactions as valuable as digital.  It feels like all the resources have been placed in the digital  basket.
Communicate better, train your employees when issuing a new computer application.
Open and clear communication from department and division manager as to what the vision of the company going forward is, and instead of saying we want to be like biotech, actually embark on it. Forget about open floor plans and other trivial ideas of what biotech is, and actually take some risks at developing novel projects, and give them time to come to fruition.
Stay out of politics when speaking on behalf of the entire company. Nobody wants to hear more divisive talk. We don't need division amongst our employees. Also there is NO craft training going on, only more myLearning courses. There hasn't been for about 8 years. Why doesn't Merck want their employees to be the best trained and a highly skilled workforce? Bring back the training department to make our employees more skilled, which will increase production efficiency.
Make the theory practiced: high volume of activities at the same time, greater focus on what is important, procedural resources that connect, clear communication and respect for people
Help employees prioritize on highest business value.  Can we focus on a few key initiatives/priorities that will really drive our business, give us greater satisfaction, and manage our capacity?
Flexible workplace.  Balance between work at the office and work from home.
I like that we emphasize that it isn't just about what we do but that how we do it matters just as much.  I think we should craft our metrics in such a way that we avoid "Ill-Conceived Goals" which would promote unethical behavior.
Continue doing the diversity and inclusion programs together with more training for top management about people management skills
have the right persons for to be in charge of the job
I think currently we are at a great place to work for. I am very confused right now of what directions we are going post COVID with work force and staffing. I also think we need to refocus back on our drug pipeline. I feel the company is venturing off course and not driving R&D hard enough to stay relevant. I do not see much going on in our MRL areas or at least we are not making the Merck staff (self included) aware of what is going on.
We need to be more competitive in the field with pricing policies and structure as this is affecting morale of the reps and some have departed due to our inflexibility. We went from being known as a "rebate company" a short few years ago, to one that is not.....particularly, pricing of our reproductive hormones in dairy and Zuprevo in beef.  Regarding reproductive hormones, it will be a natural race to the bottom with pricing due to public pressure over use of  these hormones in dairy cattle, similar to what occurred with BST.  Reproductive hormones are a highly visible item in the dairy industry. We have lost hundreds of thousands of dollars of business to date because we are not competitive and that number is easy to calculate. What is difficult to calculate is all the additional business we lose by not selling other Merck products.  Rethink this strategy. We bought SCR which reduces reproductive hormone use, and is a decided advantage over our competitors.  Squeeze the others out.
Continue to develop the medicines that fulfill unmet needs for patients
Continue following science and don't fall into political traps.
If upper management is serious about ensuring it's employees are staying healthy and managing work / life balance, they can't solely leave it up to the employees to take work out of the system themselves.  There has to be a concerted effort from upper management to eliminate the amount of requests that are being asked for of it's employees.  We hear that we have are empowered to make decisions and I believe that to be the case.  However, we also continue to hear that the additional requests are because management needs them.  So, management has to consider that additional requests have to be balanced with requests that need to come off as well.
building teams laterally and vertically with clear leadership roles and dynamic communications
Secure that all employees have the opportunity to feel that they are working in an environment that respect them firstly as personalities
(1) Better tools and mindset on how to execute on our strategies, I feel there is a lot of great leaders, very brilliant people at Merck, but not as much that have the strength to remove their sleeves and get things done. We are lacking on measuring our activities (especially engagement activities), set appropriate KPIs, leverage data (especially digital data) to drive conclusion/insights.  (2) Rep training support or new employee training support: we have a lot of training in mylearning which are great and essential, although when it comes to learn about the actual therapeutic area you will be working in and play a key role, very few training are available, often outdated our not approved for use in Canada. This is a huge gap and lack of resources to help medical or commercial on that side, especially for the reps, as for head office employees we can always leverage global resources, although ideally it would be preferable to have Canadian approved ones.
empower people,  to much approvals and reporting  in multiple systems ! Trust employees
Continue to support the flexibility, inclusion, people and doing the right thing.
Be more organised in work resources and prioritisation of them
More frequent updates, most times you find out MSD news through media before its released internally.. like the partnership with J&J
continue to be inclusive to all at every level
I feel they are doing a very good job at this point.  They are concerned with the employees welfare and they are keeping us updated on all the issues.
free up the office space and keep the workers remote where possible
Allowance for workers to receive additional training [coding, business exposure, data analytics, etc]. This allows for more movement within the company rather than staying in one spot. Gives extra reasons to stay.
Policy continuation is important. Don't just blindly pursue " innovation ".
Merck has  never changed: Many heavy, complicated, always reinvent the well especially the  global team . It is not very simple to manage that. Merck should be  lean, fast, efficient and Merck stop the  procedural and  heavy barriers that seems job security for some  global folks
Keep caring about their employees
Proactively execute on being a true leader and believer of diversity and inclusion.
To give more resources and simplify processes. For some roles (like CRA) the amount of tasks and systems is overwelming. At other sponsors the supporting roles take care of some of the regulatory/administrative taks, making the job more efective. The patient safaty and data quality are the most important things, but sometimes with so many different taks to complete, it seems that the time is never enough to really focus on important because the of the many urgent task.
Merck should continue a flexible and hybrid model for lab employees.
please make information readily available without having to dig and search in multiple locations.  There is SO much for us to manage that it is hard to have it located in multiple places.  Keep all links accurate and active and organized.    Please consider allowing field folks to commute without having to move to new locations.  Having been remote for so long and having much of our jobs remain remote, many of us no longer want to move for our work and would prefer to telecommute and travel when needed.  Staying in our real homes rather than moving to new ones is a critical element of mental health these days, and likely will be for the foreseeable future.
More clearly align on top priorities, including what we will not do. Set expectations appropriately for resourcing levels.
Continue to be transparent. Help us understand all the internal changes.
More training
Continue to support its employees in their work/life balance
Understand the key contributions of each individual. Offer job assignments that are stretch experiences.
I feel that the company as a whole is effective at communicating the long term sustainability goals including the spin off company. The immediate concerns are in the areas such as the Kenilworth site, where persons are experiencing employment uncertainty going into the not too distant future. These individuals may be checking all of the boxes but they are being more compliant than engaged.  Many people have checked out, thus creating a mindfulness that could become counter productive.
Enable more efficient processes and decision making by enabling teams and experienced leaders with the right level of decision rights.  Fully embrace and institutionalize digital tools that improve efficiency and utility of data and information
The Company should revamp the end-of-year employee evaluation process.  Managers are frequently forced to decide between multiple outstanding performers to decide who should get a single allotted "Outperform" rating.  This process is inherently unfair and it leads to feelings of discouragement and resentment from some of the highest performing individuals.  The difference in cost to the Company to allow a few additional "Outperform" ratings where it is warranted is trivial compared with the effort put in by individuals who deserve the recognition.  This will also pay off in the long run as high-performers will feel that their contributions to the Company's success are appreciated instead of feeling let down by the process.
Flex time to work, more home office, opportunity to work from other country, more relocation opportunities.
Continue to focus on patients/customers, R&D/latest developments in pharma, and grow the company to continue and increase employment opportunities for current employees.  Flexibility in work location has been beneficial to myself and many of my colleagues throughout the pandemic, and I hope we will continue to keep that perspective as we move forward as this has created better work/life balance.
I think there is far too much stress/over-work in the Standards area, which puts people on edge.  This stress spills out in their overall attitude with people who work in that department.  That area receives far too many inapplicable emails, almost half the day can easily be spent reviewing emails that have nothing to  with the projects one is working on.  A lot of time and resources can be saved if the number of emails received by a person working in the Standards area is limited only to their projects.  I think the whole vibe of the department can be changed if the number of non-applicable emails is limited.
a) streamlining internal procedures and guidelines b) focusing on operative results c) homogenizing way of working (quality, processing time) between the different Merck and MSD world areas
With the challenges we face today, it is important to be agile. I hope that the different procedures within MSD also adapt to this new reality. The distance between the medical department and the sales department sometimes becomes too big. This creates the feeling that your colleague is working for another company.
Employee benefits. It is not competitive to its competitors in the industry  where I am coming from.
Strive towards making the Post-COVID transition back to work as smooth as possible, but include new features. For example, consider a day at home per week for lab workers to do meetings, data analysis, and administrative work.
Ensure that the values projected and initiated at the corporate level are implemented and observed as integrated into the mindset of the lowest level employee. There seems to be a disconnect between the person who is engaged in the day to day activities (managers, supervisors and work floor personnel) and the objectives of the of the high level corporate initiative.
Drastically reduce the number of reportings (dashboards of all kinds) that are being requested to the countries, which will enable us to focus on what matters most-our priorities
We need to continue on our journey of making this a great place to work for all employees, not just dominant groups.  I think there needs to be more done at a corporate level to equip leaders to understand and communicate around otherness and how this manifests in the workplace-- and this needs to happen outside of the ERBG's, not just within them.  Getting work done through volunteer groups still creates the impression that this is a secondary priority.
To prioritize projects and initiatives for the quality and life-work balance.
I think the company doesn't value essential personnel, it's a not a money maker.  I understand that the company had to adjust during the pandemic but the essential personnel were here and forgotten about.
Continue to focus on the well being of the employees, keep promoting a diverse environment, have a positive leadership culture, invest in developing talent
Given leadership transitions, continue to maintain Merck's focus on putting patients first. Additional transparency into career and pipeline development.
Greater transparency around expectations and career advancement; more targeted effort to elevate diverse voices and opinions
Continue to enhance training and training offerings to employees.
never going to be a leading oncology company when we aren't at parity with other oncology companies with policies
Help facilitate the deployment of new marketing assets, rather than stifle them. As a digital marketing team, we feel too much resistance from legal and compliance.
Need to work as 'ONE' Company.  Experiencing 'SILO' mentality, with some areas implementing software not evaluated for Global use.
Continue increasing diversity and inclusion efforts, not just because of the business benefits but because it is moral and ethical thing to do. Listen to employees; don't speak for them - ask them for their opinions and their perspectives on how the company's D&I initiatives are actually coming across and what we can do better. Compensate employees for all the additional hard work required to work completely from home. We were able to successfully operate in 2020 given all the COVID related obstacles, but we received reduced bonuses.
We are often standing our own way, creating new layers of decision-making and complicating problems instead of having a solution-oriented mindset: every function tries to impose another "right to co-decide" on others. The more positive approach would be: "offering to be an additional resource with specific knowledge and experience". In other words, instead of creating assessment processes and review committees which by itself require a lot of resources we should rather make sure that these functions are actively involved in the projects as part of the project team. - Such project management and alignment eats up easily 30-40% of my time.
Nothing I can think of right now
Be more active in managing employee workload e.g. managers to step in if people are working excessively.
Help balancing personal and professional moments, in order to keep it healthy and with outstanding performance.
The leadership at Merck has to start to listen to the customers and the employees. We have become a company that is focused on internal projects which are being recognized by the leadership rather than driving results.  This has resulted in a big gap between between what is the current reality of the health care environment and the focus of the organization.  Everyone is working on internal projects including sales managers who should be coaching their representatives to bring value to their customers and drive results.  People are afraid to speak up and are telling management what they think they want to hear.  It has become a fake environment and we must address this if we want to be successful.  Leadership needs to ask more questions about what is happening at the customer level and be more aware of results and what is needed to drive results and bring a higher level of value to customers.
Streamline our processes to enable quicker change to adapt to customer requirements.
Give more access to managing our business and not be so micromanaged !!! Vertical structure is not good for the customer! Too many people trying to see one customer!
Develop systems, processes and operational requirements which all sites can maintain with the size of their structures, otherwise the implementation of such systems as per requirements, cannot be achieved effectively and compliance is at risk. This greatly affects positive programs such as work-life balance, inclusion and diversity, and "live it" principles, which cannot take priority as there is no time.
Embrace remote working post-pandemic... there is a benefit to collaboration to some degree but for those of us who have been working remote and not traveling, we have been able to accomplish more in this period and have maintained all of the relationships necessary. I have a colleague whom I have never seen in person but my relationship with her is exactly where it needs to be - I don't need to see people in person to get meaningful work accomplished.
Continue to respect the opinions and values of all employees regardless of their job title.
Find ways to improve communications between departments that work closely together like Operations and CSSM.
Communication and strengthen on-boarding procedures
I believe we have great talent at our company that can help deliver on our mission.  However, in order to make use of the latent, employees have to bid on postings.  This is very discouraging.  Many postings are opened for specific employees.  If there is a posting and other employees apply for it, it is a waste of time.  There is also no response to applications even after two months of applying for a job.    The other thing I don't understand is that employees get "tapped" on their shoulders to take on a different position.  How does that work?  Doesn't that require a posting according to the policies and procedures? Doesn't that employee need to go through the "normal" process of applying to a job posting? Apparently not.   The company should have in-place promotions with very good justifications based on talent and performance.  This should prevent wasting employees' valuable time on posting for jobs that are intended for specific employees.
Stick to the game plan that is already being rolled out
MSD struggles to retain the talent it hires and most leave
Merck is an innovative pharmaceutical leader and I am proud to say I work at Merck. I believe in the products that Merck has for patients and Merck’s mission on delivering therapeutic medicines to all who can benefit. From a field sales perspective, it seems as though promotions or changing jobs is only happening at headquarters. There have been opportunities to fill vacant field sales roles and no changes are made making it hard to make a career change to a different division. I am sure there are reasons for this but this is just an observation.
more flexible on things like lunch, platform, collaboration, etc.
Continue to emphasize on the importance of Diversity and Inclusion core value, and prove it through actions.  I truly believe in it, which is one of the reasons why I chose to work at MSD!
From the IT Perspective the IT Transformation process has been painful.  It has been better than transformations in the past but it is far from optimal.  The timing is very poor around the Organon spin off when resources are busy supporting both Merck and Organon work and the transformation just adds a level of chaos that is not needed.  Right now morale is  terrible and people are tired of the change. They want to know who they work for and what they are expected to be doing.  The high number of changes in the senior management level is a source of concern.
We all need to get on the "same page" and work towards the same "goal", from high level to the individual contributors.  I think the goal and message gets lost in middle management.  Also we need to start having some accountability and consistency.  How expectations, processes, procedures, skills, awards, promotions, etc are applied depends on the person, who their manager is and their connections. This leads to a lot of confusion and inefficiencies.
CONTINUAR CONEL PERFIL DE CREDIBILIDAD Y ENFIQUE QUE HEMOS MANTENIDO, CON PRODUCTOS DE PRIMERA CALIDAD
have adequate proportion of human resources to fulfill all the challenges we are facing.
Get rid of the inspire program as it can be demeaning to see people get inspired for doing their job where when you go above and beyond you don't get inspired. It's far too subjective to be a fair system for all employees.
Screen people managers on a 5 year basis to make sure they are still fitting in the model of a useful manager.  Screen new managers with sets of questions to make sure they can be a suitable manager in the future.
Reduce bureaucracy and invest on individuals who are identified as talented
further encourage delegation
I feel Merck does a good job making this a great place to work. I do, however, feel that since we have been doing all our meetings and trainings digitally, I have lost touch with the personal aspect of interacting with employees. It has been over a year since I have seen any Merck employee in person and I don’t like that. I need to have personal interaction to feel connected to my team.
continuously support the remote working environment. This has been a blessing to be able to work from home, contribute to work, and have a balance in my personal life that I have never had before as result of my commute times.
Continue to socialize and further emphasize Ways of Working and inclusive behaviors.  Provide more opportunities for encouraging healthy behaviors for remote workers.
Maintain and promote work flexibility that's been sustained during the pandemic.
Many resources are stretched too thin. While the company 'offers' benefits for work-life balance like flex time, summer hours, and vacation time... it is difficult to use and leads to exhaustion. A career is a marathon and cannot be sustained when required to give 120 percent every day.
better communication
Stop worrying about politics, and focus on Inventing and Producing drugs to benefit people and animals.  Dr. Hillemann and George Merck would be very disappointed in our actions right now.  Stop the political stuff.  Stay out of it, and concentrate on drugs.   How are we the worlds leader in vaccines and don't have a vaccine or therapeutic for Covid???
I think the company does a good job with providing resources for inclusion and feeling safe to speak up, but I am not so sure employees in a position of leadership openly practice according to those resources. I think many still don't feel safe to speak up because of previous bad experiences and its easier to just stay off the radar. I think employees really question if things have changed in terms of safety in speaking up if someone had a bad experience in the past.
IT needs some serious help. I constantly struggle to get the resources from them that I need to do my job. I cant ever deliver a project on time due to a lack of funding and FTE from IT.
Continue to listen to colleagues feedback through surveys such as this and importantly take action Continue to foster diversity and inclusion culture Reinforce "safe to speak up" culture Fully respecting safety and compliance requirements as a "must have", simplify procedures/processes/admin generally Ensure provision of right technology at all times and keep up-to-date/move with trends constantly
Please evaluate attrition and fill the vacancies in a reasonable timeframe. Identify trends if a particular dept is losing people, please investigate. We can't continue in this manner if the root cause of the attrition isn't addressed. We have people all over doing two jobs and its not sustainable. We have great talent and the company should prioritize retaining it.
migliorare work life balance
Provide market/area aligned salaries for management positions to retain key staff.
Merck has a great profile in the public and generally does the right thing when it comes to public health like working w/ J&J to produce their vaccine and other great examples.  Value the mission!  And love that our CEO Ken Frazier has been a leader speaking out about racial inequities (and recent voting rights).  Am very sad to see him transition.    My dept did talk about inclusion, listening to others and highlighted racial injustice.   Merck did acknowledge the issues around the time of George Floyd's homicide and gave some room to talk about it.  However, as a minority, although these efforts were meaningful and important but honestly to me are more like a staged moment with Oprah to highlight an issue.   I am glad it happened as it needed to me, but I don't feel safer, better respected or equal in the USA.   Thank you for inviting feedback.
great place to work: allow working from anywhere, unlimited data  deliver on our mission: still investing in R&D and science
We need to get to know who we are as a company, as well as, our new leadership post spin (ie Rob Davis and new leaders across the company.)  We need to recognize that digital isn't going to take the place of all of the good people in this company.
Consider working from home a new employee practice from now on.
Merck needs to continue evolving toward being a more quick-response company. At times it takes us much too long to evaluate and adapt to a rapidly changing environment. It seems like we are always “late to the party” and in today’s world that isn’t going to get the job done.  I understand the legalities associated with doing our jobs in the field, but more times than not we are slowed to a point of missing the necessary timing of activities and then losing relevance with our customers.   That needs to change.
hire more people, stop forcing people 70-80 hours a week. get some real health insurance that actually covers Doctor visits
Improve training by increasing the amount of people on shifts so that training can occur. Reduce the amount of paperwork and projects done by management until they learn the process they're managing. They have no time to learn the process at the shop floor level because they're doing paperwork. This severely limits their ability to help the solve real time issues on the shop floor. They are managing paperwork and projects, not people or processing.
some parts of the organization still demonstrate hierarchy and traditional WOW. I think we could benefit from more job/role flexibility - movement in different parts of the business to understand the wider functions and how we may need to adapt our WOW to remain up to date and relevant. ensure we adopt a can do attitude, it still feels like our 1st response to innovation is no
We have good Policies. Merck has to do periodic evaluation from the ground floor and make sure that we all are living our business life in a way the way we want to.
continue to support work/life balance.  this is easier for some departments than others.  Continue to keep top of mind that people are reaching burnout as there has been an extended time period of health concerns and managing family commitments with work commitments while also dealing with emotional challenges.
Continuous education for people managers on viewing status and approaches from the employees perspective, valuing different approaches and collaborating/coaching. Taking time to understand and reward routine work as well as breakthrough improvement.
Merck is a strongly hierarchic company, and communication/feedback is mainly performed downwards. This is negatively affecting employees' performance at all levels. Micromanagement, playing favorites within the teams, and developing only so-called "key talents" is a preferred practice by management mid-levels, mainly in my department.
Continue stressing importance of taking care of ourselves (Work life balance and mental health) during the pandemic and even beyond the pandemic.
To focus as much resources as possible to the mental health of their employees.
Support employee's career path and growth, prepare people for upcoming opportunities.   Set clear expectations in everybody's role.   Allow time to learn and development.
With the spinoff of Organon, MSD relies even more on Keytruda, which could be risky. MSD need to plan for days beyond Keytruda.
Merck should stay the course to continue to deliver on our mission! I believe the company has done a phenomenal job!
More visibility to the work different sites do along with more recognition/rewards More financial support for ergonomic WFH changes/additions More visibility to different rotational/job rotations and maybe even more/better relocation offers for roles outside of US
Recently, there were quite a few projects put on accelerated timelines and got terminated soon after. Quick decision is good to save resources. But if there is high turnover rate, people may feel the initial efforts are wasted. In the long run, the motivation may go down. I would suggest to license in high quality projects to increase our success rate.
Merck and MSD should do a better job prioritizing immediate projects from future projects. It is good to have visibility on future projects, but future projects are conflicting with immediate projects. In addition, immediate projects needs more detailed planning to sure timelines can be met.
Please bring new molecule so that diversity in workplace will increase
Continue to promote the MSD brand in the community and media to showcase the amazing work we are doing in the area of Oncology and Pharmaceuticals.  Continue to support  employees with extra resources in terms of workload and opportunities for career development and progression.
Have a development plan with specific mile markers that are standard across the positions, not at the will or power of the Site Leadership Team
Trying to provide more resources and flexibility for families with families with younger children.  The increased parental leave the happened last year was a great start) but I do think if you want to retain your best employees trying to provide more to help support those in this part of the life would be a game changer.
Try to provide better balance.  I have heard rumblings from other colleagues that many people in the organization are very frustrated with the ability to complete all of their responsibilities.
Simplify documentation and administration
Continue to allow flexibility in work hours during this time
Innovation within current operations (greater technological advancements), rather than heavily paper based.
Need to continue working on taking the decisions at the right level. Too much escalation for issues that should be resolved at a lower level. There is a great opportunity in increase resources efficiency by conducting effective meetings. Too many meetings are time consuming with no a real take over to resolve the issues.
Continued ction on diversity and inclusion
Learn from the benefits of the virtual work environment and support more flexible work arrangement post the pandemic.
Once COVID is behind us, continue to allow for the flexibility (WFH) that has been available for the last year.
Do a better job valuing our tenured employees.
Continue empowering employees to excel on assigned tasks, using coaching tools and recognizing the efforts on the job done.
I am relatively new but I feel Merck is a great place to work. I am still learning and will have a better answer on the next pulse survey. One thing I will be looking for is employee engagement at the "Floor Level" which I find is fundamental for company success. My current boss (Russ Canicci) definitely engages his people. I'm going to be looking to see if it is the actual culture of our site.
There's a lot of talk about needing to take care of ourselves but that's accompanied with more work/demands and pressure to reduce costs.  Overtures about caring about employees come across as disingenuous and not at all connected with the reality 'on the ground'.  As they say, talk is cheap.  In Finance, there is no real effort to take work out of the system or accept 'good enough' standards instead of perfection.  It is not sustainable to expect perfection 100% of the time and in every situation.
I cannot think of anything at this time.
Ensure that all perspectives and viewpoints can be held and appropriately, respectfully expressed without negative consequences- even those contrary to popular culture shifts, i.e. conservative and/or religious beliefs.
Satisfaction trumps balance.  Although it was introduced decades ago with good intentions, “work life balance” is fatally flawed and Merck should stop asking questions like this and focus more on “life satisfaction”.  Merck can only become better if the people that work for Merck become better.  You cannot separate personal and professional aspects of an individuals life.  These aspects are intimately linked and have incredible influence on each other. What people want has very little to do with balance; people want a satisfying experience of life. Ask people, “Do you want balance or satisfaction?” Almost all people choose satisfaction over balance.  So why are you asking about balance.  Help people change their lives, empower and teach people, and Merck will have more productive, engaged, and satisfied employees. Systems drive behaviors...equip people with a good system to improve their lives and Merck will have better employees and a better/secure future.
continue development of news drugs and supporting hybrid option to work from home
Continuing to ensure employee satisfaction as it makes for a better workplace for employees to want to do their job to continue to improve Merck and MSD mission.
Ensure a large pipeline of innovative products
diversity, hire more LATAM leaders
How about a summer shutdown? Amgen has the 4th of July week observed as a company wide shut down (similar to the winter one). This could be a great benefit as many would love this week off anyways and don’t need to use their vacation time. Most of our customers are off this week or too busy with coverage for their coworkers to meet with us.
Improve empathy, share initiatives that supports people to overcome challenges and emotional/burnout. Initiatives to people have more corporate maturity (not calls on fridays, holidays, too much emails, etc). A work well balance. Tools to support us to be more productive.
it would be great to continue communicate Ways of Working.
ADAPTARSE A LOS CAMBIOS DE MANERA PROACTIVA Y NO SOLO REACTIVA A LO QUE YA ESTÁ SUCEDIENDO.   SEGUIR PROPORCIONANDO HERRAMIENTAS PARA EL MEJOR DESEMPEÑO DE NUESTRO TRABAJO.   CONSIDERAR PLANES DE EQUILIBRIO DE LO LABORAL Y LO PERSONAL PARA DISMINUIR LA CARGA DE ESTRÉS QUE ARRASTRAMOS POR LA COVID-19.
Add a retirement curriculum which focuses on transfer of knowledge, with formal checkpoints! Many Merck employees are at or near retirement and there is absolutely no guidance from anywhere as to ensuring continuity in knowledge. It's left to each retiring individual to handover his/her responsibilities. This is an enormous GAP in coverage!
Promote from within in MMD. There is an awful disconnect between mid/upper management and their subordinates. There seems to be no empathy for lower level managers and their workers in regard to the work that has to be done, and it is especially prevalent during this pandemic.
It would be great if Merck could support and encourage all employees to help take on vaccine hesitancy and disinformation.  The company does this at a high level, but if there were more resources and support for individuals to be able to disseminate at the local level (PTO, preschool, school boards) where much of the misinformation thrives, it could be very powerful.  A more grassroots level where a mom could here from another mom that she already knows, can have some impact that wouldn't come from national ads.
I believe the current executive leadership has made clear the vision and direction we should all be working toward.  A critical step is for all of us to align and ensure individual priorities and work at the department levels do not impede our reaching our overall company goals and objectives.  Too often we get caught up in our specific roles and objectives because of our organizational structure which makes it difficult to prioritize the most important work.
Keep working form home still possible.
Vaccinate your people!, give more global opportunities to work abroad.
Increase bonus structure for Chronic Care based on amount of products Give extra bonus to top three teams in country for certain products Have kickers and sales contests to increase morale  Add more to pipeline  Listen to what FBE are saying
Continue to focus on diversity and inclusion and make everyone feel safe and free to be themselves at work. Continue efforts to streamline our processes and remove excessive levels of review, etc. and eliminate silos. Continue to always put patients first.
It seems like Merck has recently undergone significant budget constraints and that has been felt by employees. It might be challenging for employees to work extremely hard on ridiculously fast-paced projects and see massive spending on capital projects that end up getting pulled while seeing limits on rewards & benefits for employees like reduction in inspire awards amounts, reduced international relocation benefits, reduced per diem amounts etc. I think it might be a good idea to make sure employees feel valued and part of that feeling is being rewarded for hard work.
Pls more skill training session for MR once/ month.
Promote more current employees without making them bid on the next level job.
Get a better visibility on which areas (therapeutic areas - technologies etc...) the company has decided to invest. Better understand what "FORTIFY" means in practice.
Simply continue what they are alredy doing
To be focused in our priorities
While there's a lot of effort to change and embrace opportunity, there's still definitely areas that are anchored to traditional ways of working and may go through the motions of embracing change, but don't make any fundamental changes. Being more cognizant of where that's happening will help to make sure the changes are fully embraced and effective.
Better onboarding for new hires. Removal of employees who are not performing/finding the correct role for them in which they can succeed.
I feel our drive for D&I is important to keep moving forward and make it mean something.  I also feel the leadership needs to develop obtainable transformation goals that are fundamentally correct so we do not have each new leader creating new direction.  People will change and each new leadership change seems to bring with it a new Revolutionary idea.  Seems like churn, in the end I can't say these changes have benefitted Merck.
Ensure that words are matched by deeds on environmentalism and colleague care...show proof that it is happening
Continue to invest in our people and the development they desire.
Due to the spin-off many changes are in course right now. It is important the ones staying feel safe and part of the team.
BUSCAR EL EQUILIBRIO TRABAJO DE CAMPO Y ADMINISTRATIVO. ESTAMOS SATURADOS DE TRABAJO ADMINISTRATIVO Y YA ANDAMOS EN CAMPO AL MENOS MEDIOS DIAS. CUMPLIR COMPROMISOS, LOS AUTOS SE LIBERABAN CADA 3 AÑOS Y A MUCHA GENTE A UN MES DE LIBERARLOS LE DICEN QUE SE VAN A 4 AÑOS Y ESO CAMBIA LOS PLANES PERSONALES DE FORMA DRASTICA. SOMOS UNA COMPAÑIA DE PROCESOS PERO YA HEMOS LLEGADO A UN NIVEL DE ESTRESS POR LAS LLAMADAS DE ATENCIÓN POR EJEMPLO PROCESOS DE EVENTOS QUE CAMBIAN CADA DOS MESES
More diversity in management level positions, Site leadership/Directors to be more visible and inclusive with all the groups on site. Mental health is very important to a great working culture, which mean that a group/groups on site should hold introspective/inclusive meetings semi annually/annually that should be mandatory. Microaggression is rampant in some areas of the Merck Durham site and it is really hard to combat against it without the proper tools to identify it. I have made these observations while only being here for 6 months.
I have joined the company recently via acquisition. It is an impressive company with a great pipeline of products. I would say three areas of focus are needed: 1. Digital - no coherent digital strategy across the network - MSD has the best in class systems but rollouts are not sustained and checked to ensure value for money is being created from system functionality. 2. A large % of above site functions are not living the silos to networks principals - this makes above site decision making difficult. I find the GBSO leadership extremely competent and display the right leadership qualities, however the layer between site and GBSO leadership can be tough to navigate. 3. Continue Simplification - I see this has started in certain areas. e.g. product councils.
Increased hiring diversity at a management level, including women and POC. Increased usage of Inspire point system and work reward programs (free lunch/free fruits in breakrooms). Increased team bonding activities (virtual). Increased work flexibility (remote work, hour adjustments). Increased volunteerism opportunities and site-wide volunteer days in the local community.
limit things that keep scientists away from the bench/lab. limit meetings. far too many meeting that could be handled via an email or phone call. keep us in the lab!
One thing that comes to my mind regarding diversity is that Merck could be more accommodating to international people who have to travel back home (yearly usually) to visit family. It is a long travel and even a couple of weeks vacation may not suffice.
From my understanding Merck needs to see inside of our organization and see the value and experience of the current employees to build the strategy for the future of our Company and continuing going a good or the best place to work.
Provide real opportunities to growth in the company. Is difficult to grow in the organization. There are multiples programs for development but not too much opportunities to get a real chance to climb leadership positions.
Balance work, priorities and allow time for innovation.
Treat everyone the same
Remind everyone the vision, sometimes is a little blurry with everyday job
More work space
I Thin g that MSD like a big company with a lot of different areas need  to integrate those  ones and make the people to know more about them
Keep it up! Employees
Less changes/updates for process which are working smoothly, less updates of places where on job instructions are placed.  Decrease people turnover.
Continue to be transparent and develop your employees.
This is a great company to work in. Work life balance is not just spoken to but actively embraced. I chose my current role - not necessarily because of the topic but the manager as there was a good connection at the interview stage and I received great feedback from her colleagues. I have not been disappointed with my decision. Strong leadership encourages you to strive to achieve great things and I feel in that position in my current role. Having the opportunity to do an above country role from your home country provides increased opportunities for career growth and encourages ambition.  As stated above, MSD overly engineers many processes, to the point that we can be left behind with external opportunities especially when engaging with SLs. Thankfully the environment exists to openly acknowledge this and try to overcome the barriers. However, a broader examination of this would be useful to excel our external engagement opportunities, especially in a virtual world.
Support colleagues to take on challenging work, without constantly creating new processes to reduce perceived risks.  Trust and empower colleagues not just verbally but also through action.
Our current focus on diversity and inclusion is the right thing to do in and of itself. Secondarily, our excellence in this area will be a competitive advantage more and more in the coming decades. Ken Frazier has been  a progressive & tremendous leader in this area. Merck should be careful to make sure that it’s  future leaders are willing to show bold leadership & investment relative contributing  positively to a variety social constructs of our society. I am confident that Merck will do just that...keep changing the world in good ways...big & small.
Actually show some ability to deliver on all the great new promises of work-life balance. It is not even close still to this point. I previously suggested for years that Merck was very much other companies in our industry in terms of not only HR benefits but also employee family events. This year, there are finally increased HR benefits and obviously no ability to have family events outside the workplace with the pandemic. However, organized family outings would be nice to finally see sometime this decade - other competitor companies have had much stronger organization of such things for years and decades before the pandemic. Even with the increased HR company benefits, there is still a feeling that I personally have that if I'm not working non-stop, my specific organization area and my personal Objectives/Priorities won't all be accomplished to the extent of the vigilance, diligence, and timelines that are always being touted and spoken about in project meetings, etc.
Im very happy working in here! Thanks for everything.
I do not think the company has properly rewarded those in the salaried ranks who have come onto Merck Property for 50% + of the time over the past year while others are working remotely nearly 100% of the time.  I'm not implying that those working remotely are less efficient or less productive than those working on-site, but working remotely is a convenience to many.  Those working on-site for the majority of the time do not get to share in that convenience.  Not that anything should be taken away from those working remotely, but those who have a significant on-site presence should be given some tangible recognition for their loyalty and commitment to the company while not being able to enjoy the convenience of working remotely. This years' performance reviews did not take this into account.  Disappointing that the AIPs were so severely impacted by the company's poor scorecard this year.  Because of all the impacts of COVID on the workforce, minimum factor should have been 1.0 vs. .87.
Promote consistency with handling critical issues such as data integrity breaches, and focus on ethical hiring practices.  In my operations department, managers are handling DI issues very differently without a consistent approach provided by management or the office of ethics.  For Merck employees there is a no tolerance policy for DI breaches, however, we do not hold contractors (in-sourced personnel) to that same standard.  The office of ethics will not provide guidance for contractor behavior, and given that a large % of our department is made up of contractors, important issues are falling through the cracks and the inconsistencies are making us more vulnerable during inspections.  There is also an issue with ethics and our hiring practices as one Director has hired family members and friends into his organization.  This is creating an uncomfortable workplace, and an "untouchable" attitude by the family members/friends.  Nepotism should have no place at Merck.
Continue to invest in great people and training and the partnership with distribution partners.
Dedicate more resources to IT and digital infrastructure;  incorporate these resources within the company better instead of just leveraging contractors for everything.
This is a highly complex question.  We rely on Construction Managers who are stretched thin in regard to talent from the shear number of new project and renovations taking place.  In some cases, they appear to be stacking bodies over experience and credibility for extra billing in some cases. We do not have the resources to monitor the minute details of complex engineering designs.  There are items being overlooked that will, and have, come back to haunt us.
Find greater ways to reach a broader and diverse set of patients who can benefit from our medicines.  Help address issues of health disparities and health equity in the US and around the globe generally but also specific to use of Merck medicines and vaccines. Find more ways to bring employees together across divisions and functions to learn more about our company and business and to advance our cultural aspirations.
Lately, I have observed a more front of mind drive to diversify the workplace. I feel the company is setting a good, positive example to achieve the equity we always talk about.
CSR project that make employee proud to be in the company and simplify the process that complicated.
Staff the company appropriately. There continues to not be enough US PRT staff (legal, OPAR, medical, and GMIS) to meet the needs of the business - and it causes continual stress for EVERYONE.
We should anchor on our mission more consistently
Create a genuine sense of achievement and just sometimes reflect on achievements instead of the constant pressure and reminders of site targets in terms of volumes.
Work-life balance has worsen significantly with the pandemic and WFH ways of work.  In addition, many departments are under staffed, which is making the work-life balance worse.   I think there needs to be an evaluation of the workload & capacity for certain departments.
Ensure we have enough people to perform the work.
As an organisation I feel support funtions shouldbe taken more seriously in terms of budgetand headcount to enable the business to deliver upon its objectives. We deliver great results consistently nomatter what the workload brings and this I feel gets to a point where our people leave or burn out. M&A activity is a good example of where the business should be open to and supportive in financial and Headcount resourcing to allow for us to support without comprimising employee wellbeing.
For capital vaccine projects, the immense stress and pressure of schedule delays and unexpected costs rest on the shoulders of the process engineers who must design the systems with vendors. Realistically, the cost of the changes that are causing the psychological stress is literally nothing compared to the company's worth. While there must clearly be some budget that we stick to, it is extremely unhealthy for the engineering team to be constantly trying to act on the company's behalf of designing the best system while also getting beat down from the company to argue down the costs. Overall, Merck would be a better place to work for my team if we had more support regarding funding (i.e. much better estimates at the beginning of a project) as well as more assistance with vendor negotiations and more guidance from the leadership team on the quality of a system vs. the cost. It is too much for a single engineer to bear on their own day after day for years.
Greater investment in on-site renewable energy
Adding relaxing program/small breaks to regular work flow. Creating more attractive employee child care incentive or subsidy.
Evaluate the capacity of each person according to their academic level and experience
Gain a greater understanding of the external environment requirements, so that we can build on their needs and advance in the right areas and provider greater patient care and aid all our customers
More focus on using data and analytics to re-invent marketing as opposed to just focusing on how to do the same old marketing with data and analytics.
Continue to be patient-centric, while really taking care of its employees and retaining talent, especially affording the African American and Latino employees with opportunities for advancement
Look after its employees when they indicated that the department/model/ways of working/support is not working and change is needed (for several years).
try to maintain your talent in the workforce
Get people involved in making decisions that are actually doing the work. Put people in management roles that have some type of management training and understand the difference between managing a team and being a leader.
Continue to be vocal about racial and political injustice. Large companies speaking up does have an impact. Be on the right side of history.
Be more flexible and more innovative for early discovery projects
Keep doing what they are currently doing
Not giving a low scorecard using the pandemic as a justification.
strong pipeline and more diversity at the leadership level.
Merck could be more nimble and focused. It is sometimes a challenge to do what is needed for the business and customer because so many hands need to touch each initiative. I'm not sure if it is bureaucracy, too many levels in the organization or a culture that is more controlling than empowering, but it really slows down innovation and progress.
continue to support the flexibility to work from home
I understand and agree with ensuring we have an inclusive diverse workplace, but feel that some of the "announcements" go overboard in vilifying straight white male colleagues. It almost seems that Merck feels or is admitting that until recently, the company was racist, homophobic and sexist??  Let's focus more on the business and less on politics, religious beliefs, etc.
It often takes too long to get things done at Merck with constant changes in people and processes
Reduce bureaucracy! MSD works with the control and the control of the control, it is too much!
Somes general processes are too heavy and complex which can lead to lost of efficiency  (financial process for invoice - SRM/Ariba, HR process - Workday...). People can spend too much time to solve administrative issue with current tools, instead of focusing on improvment and their core business.
To have a monthly reminder of how the work we do in all aspects of Merck and MSD impact patients lives. This can be done my increasing the patients stories in regards to new/ current pharmaceuticals marketed or being researched by the company. To consistently remind staff that what we do make an actual difference in peoples lives.
Production technicians have been screaming about staffing for years but nothing changes.  Even Managers are working 60+ hr/wk but site leadership continues to push.  We have an inability to achieve a work/life balance, and a constant push from site leadership to produce more and more with longer hours with no increase in staffing but threating us to “slow down” and be “safe”.  Production is #1 at our site, safety and quality are distant thoughts.  Get it done, get it out the door as fast and as much as possible and if you have any issues we’ll drown the already at their limit technicians in KATA, GIMBA, 5S, Go and Sees, 8-Step problem solving, TBS….  Technicians are expected safely produce a high-quality product with the shortest possible lead time.  Pulling people from already stressed and stretched thin departments to do other “MPS” projects hurts the entire team.  Let Production technicians produce, let management and leadership do their own projects.
do what they apply about psycology health, do the right things without  think about the consequences,  really think about people not just say that, pay what they are pourpoused to pay and not change the politic in the middle of way.
Be more proactive and timely to market events.  We take tooooooo long
MRL -- eliminate the separation of the manager and research track.  Managers need to more engaged in the day-to-day science.
Work with GD&I to increase awareness of the ways of working and partner with Best Buddies to open jobs to those with intellectual disabilities.
Have a better support system for A/P and Ariba system.
Please find a solution to the problems in PVR/PVA.  This has been an issue since their introduction in 2018 and there have been continued problems with the accuracy of the systems.
Have a company that you don't feel like a temporary worker. have managers in place that actually care about something, that aren't afraid of the  employees they are in charge of .
MS OS updates consistently cause the computer to bog down or be glitchy until a patch comes through as an update.  The VPN cuts internet download/upload speeds (ie, i get ~75-80mbps on a non Merck laptop via wifi...when I connect to VPN on company laptop, I get <25mbps), this causes bandwidth issues quickly for Webex or teams meetings with greater than a couple of participants.
Option to continue to work from home if needed.
Continue to explore new WoW for allowing flexibility and work/life balance.  Identify opportunities for improved empowerment and streamlined decision making.  Continue to focus on how to best grow a more diverse and inclusive workplace.  Make efforts to show employees they are being heard as an outcome to these surveys.  Thank you!
Look for ways to become more agile in launching new products (through investment in advance process development labs, launch training facilities, and launch focused factories) while remaining focused on Target Zero.
need to improve on silos to networking behaviour.  On a high-level, its not easy to find other sites and their type of manufacturing/process to connect and learn from other site.
Stay out of politics, and stay out of social issues.   Focus on everyone together and be proud of the results that we achieved as a single unified company.   Let's not focus on divisive groups or categories.
communication , understanding, working together.
Continue to balance priorities and allow flexibility to ensure we stay focused on key tasks. It’s difficult to take real time away from the office due to the sense of urgency to address decline in vaccination rates and major policy issues. I do appreciate the ongoing communication from leadership and understanding of balancing work/ family.
Be serious about the impact of Covid on people - there is alot of talk on this topic but no effort to address peoples additional workload due to Covid. Find things to stop doing that are not really critical or value add to people have more time and energy to focus on the priorities
Things move at slower pace, multiple systems and processes to be followed to get the things done, it is visible that the steps are being taken but there is further scope for improvement, cross functional support and interaction should be improved.
Our daily amount of non-project work continues to grow while our project timelines and expectations remain in place.  The number of initiatives and trainings are increasing pulling everyone in multiple directions.  We have numerous safety initiatives, biosafety requirements, Diversity and Inclusion, Ways of Working, FOF, surveys, etc. leaving less time in the day to focus on projects and deliverables. The continued remote working along with the increase in initiatives for a large portion of the company has also led to an increased amount of Webex calls that keeps people working on many things instead of the project work they are committed to complete.
Promote the right right people regardless of their race it should not even be a factor in the process of promotion.
Share a clear vision about the future and strategies
1. Reduce bureaucracy   Oncology organization has grown too big and feels top down. Too many layers- SVP, VP, AVP, ED, D, AD. Sometimes within the same team there are up to 4 layers. There are forums that are exclusive to ED or D which further promotes hierarchical behavior.   2. Foster stronger collaboration between HH & MRL, HH & Medical.  Commercial team is always viewed as non-scientific or non-patient centric. Compared to other pharma, commercial has minimal to no role in defining overall strategy
make it easier to advance in career. Recognize consistent strong work and contribution to pipeline!
Merck needs to invest (be more proactive) with restructuring its LTI plan to retain talent at levels where RSUs are not guaranteed.  Only a small percentage of employees below a Director level are offered RSUs.  This makes many 'successful' employees feel like they are not valued long term.  Offering RSUs to a larger pool of 'successful' employees (below Director level) will help retaining talent, will give the feeling that Merck values them, and will help boost employee moral.
Continue to challenge the norms.  USHH took a huge leap forward with the willingness to look at remote working arrangements for appropriate positions and personnel.  That is huge and opens up opportunities for employees but also broadens the areas we can recruit.  Personally, I am concerned about the large number of employees retiring and  managing the knowledge transfer and succession planning.
Continue to support the culture around "work anytime, anyplace" and maintaining work-life balance. I think we need to simplify how work gets done and leverage technology to automate time-intensive processes.
More notice of changing priorities affecting people (multiple times). V59x program launch to discontinuation to move to MK-7110 and then discontinuation.
With the pandemic showing us that remote work can be done successfully, it would be wonderful to see more roles made available for applications from multiple countries, even those that might have historically been HQ roles.
I think it is pivotal to spread the Psychological Safety culture, but in a way that it truly directs how we relate with each other. It has to impact behavior, otherwise it would be cultural theater. We need to address internal politics which usually drains out so much energy in the corporate environment. This is a great company to work at, but we have room to improve in those aspects.
Allow employees to permanently work remotely.  Thanks!
APPLY THE VACCINE TO ALL OF THEIR WORKERS
Continue to have the flexibility to work from home to balance work/ personal life.
- reconsider the workload for employee - reiterate the SOPs that support rather than counteract crossfunctional teamwork - in these pandemic times and home office ensure that employees are well equipped from the home office i.e. correct ergonomics etc
Oncology as a business requires different needs than Merck’s core business ( Primary care, Virology, hospital). Th make Merck Oncology great again it should be allowed to work like it’s competitors in biotech. That involves bringing a speaker to journal clubs, allowing communication between MSL and OSR, creating a pan tumor team, be innovative AGAIN!
We need more people in our department.  People are always leaving and cannot be replaced fast enough.  Why do people constantly leave for outside opportunities?  There is too much hassle in how we work on a daily basis (too many layers of management; too many committees; IR&D initiative has yet to prove it has helped as opposed to just making our lives more difficult) combined with better pay elsewhere--why would anyone stay?  It's hard to take time off without increased stress before and after vacation.
It is understandable that metrics would be a driving factor in determining success, however there is a human cost to keeping these numbers up. There is far too much of a concern over the numbers and less about the individuals. I shouldn't feel pressured to drive an hour in a blizzard on a Sunday to ensure a change request is closed on time. This is not a hypothetical scenario, this is a real scenario. Improve communication across IPTs. workers shouldn't be pressured to give up personal time and safety. Deadlines are important, but it feels at times that the reason some deadlines are pushed are because the consequences of being a day late are far harsher than they should be.
I see MSD at the right track in its commitment. On the other hand, our Company is present in many different countries, with different cultures, and, therefore, each and every employee having its singular experience. That being said, I also see MSD with the challenge to practice the "think Global and act local" as a tool to make here the greatest place to work and deliver the very best to our customers.
With the understanding that things are constantly changing, it would be great to see some sort of guideline or general structure detailing return to work plans. I appreciate that the company is focused on safety first
In this pandemic moment, the leadership is very distant from the field team. We are not part of the strategic process. Are points thats need to be improved
Be there not only for providing great medicine but also being the partner to the healthcare system and above it, being the part of community. Switch from the sickcare brand to the healthcare brand. Learn to speak with patients in same language. We've done so much to speak same language with HCPs that now is the time to learn speaking same language with patients, providing added value for them. As their voices start to be more and more powerful. Look at the younger generations and which added value we can provide them. Look at the innovation companies may be even from other industries and what kind of collaborations we can do with them.
to re-look at the process for promotions- very hard to get these days compared to years in the past
Continue to develop your employees, build on unity and connection and promote work/life balance.
Ensure that opinions are heard from all levels of the organization.
Be clear in the future and employee career path such as open next step position of PSR (Sales and Marketing Executive
Considering the pandemic and working from home, Merck should provide reimbursement for internet / cell phone.  Merck should allow time in our work day to develop skills related to technology advancement.  Some of our systems seem antiquated, yet we don't have the time in our day to explore new ways of working.
Put in resources to review non value added work, improve system performance /network issues
No further comments. MSD is an amazing company to work for
Find ways to provide therapeutic/vaccination help to the underprivileged. I am happy that Merck is already doing this in many ways. Thanks.
I enjoy working for Merck and with the individuals on my team.
As we run at a fast pace to add value, we are not paying attention to the long hours that employees are working and getting burned out
Re-iterating, because almost every person I talk to, regardless of their role, is stressed. Critical projects with very fast timelines makes getting everything done properly extremely difficult. Employees have to routinely work long hours and on weekends, under a lot of stress. While technically we meet the timelines, we do so at cost of a healthy work environment. While meeting demand for medicine is important and undoubtedly there will be stressful times at work, treating employees with dignity and respect should also be held as paramount. I've seen these unhealthy situations play out too many times for it to be considered as a "rare" occurrence, as every other project is considered critical. If senior leaders genuinely want to drive retention and prevent their employees from burning out, they should think beyond the bottom line and make treating their employees as humans a goal. Additionally, managers need to stick up for their teams more, instead of immediately bending to pressure.
Ensure that all employees can achieve work-life balance within their areas of responsibilities.
Continue to encourage employees to get involved in EBRG's and other activities (COP's, gigs, etc.) that lead them towards experiences outside of their direct job role.  It's way too easy to get stuck in the mindset of "this is how we do things" when you do not get a chance to experience how other groups approach their work.
Change culture - in order to continue innovating, leadership must exhibit and embrace change culture.  Merck in many ways (hello technology) is stuck in the past and it is extremely difficult for colleague to push past what they are use to and embrace innovative ways of working. No one likes change, but we must all embrace change and develop a change culture mentality if we are to continue to grow and thrive in a competitive world.  Leadership need to embrace change culture and drive this through the organization.
The company should hold managers accountable for their actions.   Employee complaints should be investigated and reviewed by an "arbitrator" that is a neutral party outside of the Office of Ethics.   Leaders and managers must create an environment that is psychologically safe which results in creating a speaking up culture.
Have HR business partners
From the company perspective - all is well. From site perspective -  department silos need to be broken down, and integrated, multidisciplinary teams should all be involved at the initial steps of change and problem solving.
Continue its efforts to foster a diverse and inclusive work environment.  I believe that Merck needs to do a better job of holding people accountable when they exhibit behavior, actions or decisions that are racially motivated and/or discriminatory.
Offer more incentive to be heathy such as bio metrics screenings to receive health premiums discounts.
Better career advancement opportunities.
I would really like to have more time to do my job rather than all the extra 'requirements' such as having to join a group or having so many software updates and new programs and trainings that are supposed to replace previous programs, but they don't so now we have 2 programs that do the same thing and you have to use both now.  There just seems to be so much redundancy and 'fluff' for lack of a better term.  I enjoy a good get-together or project and understand the need for them (voluntarily).  I know surveys and such are needed to keep on top of issues and feedback, but there should be an understanding of how much time commitment is used.
Listen to people.
I am still relatively new, I feel a need a couple of extra months to provide a meaningful answer to such question
-Listen to employee feedback received regarding SIP and the hold ups it's causing with site activation in addition to extra work for sites.  It's greatly slowing down site activation, which in turn is decreasing the amount of time for sites to enroll subjects.  Low enrollment causes delayed submissions, delayed approvals, and loss of revenue.  Additionally, we are destroying relationships with excellent sites by forcing them to use a slow, non user-friendly system that causes extra work.  -Support one database for tracking ALL information for GCTO.  Various groups are entering data in STARs, Spectrum, Veeva Vault, and endless dead end external excel trackers.  Extensive time and $$ could be saved if everyone worked within one system capturing all data, with reporting features.  Spectrum/CTMS has this capability, why is it not being used?
It is important that all IT and manufacturing is renewed in time to be the concurrent of other pharmaceutical manufacturing. So investments had to be done continuously.
Maybe a little more balance between work and personal time
diversity and inclusion
Work life balance is needed.  We talk the talk but we are all working long hours and weekends at times to get caught up.  That is not sustainable.
The Durham Site is apparently no longer supporting the inclusive behaviors model in regards to how information is disseminated, decisions are made and escalation of issues/feedback.  It appears that we have gone from a fully empowered site to a top down site.  This is forcing Individual contributors and mid-level management (in some cases) into silos as it would appear that only certain individuals are privileged to the top knowledge. Additionally, Durham is becoming more bloated with it's processes and less focused on the Lean principles that made this site highly desirable.
I’m hopeful our new CEO Robert Davis will focus on driving business growth, and search for great opportunities to enhance our product pipeline.  I also hope he avoids political statements regarding any form of social justice campaign.  As a Merck employee, I don’t want to be associated with a political position.  I want to be respected by customers, and fairly compensated based on my annual contributions, and not based on my sex or skin color.
Provide better guidance/definition for the meaning of work-life balance.
More scientific education for sales reps Be inclusive of things other than race in D/I training (age, religion, political ideology) More training for managers, emphasizing empowering employees and lessening micromanagement Encourage voices that differ from the norm to be heard
Continue to evolve with the times.
Just keep rolling with the mindset of "Inventing for life" for everyone...
Be open to suggestion from employees, not making so many changes to systems. Gets difficult to keep up.
While Merck has many wonderful benefits and perks, the price of our co-insurance is astronomical. From the monthly premiums to the 20% co-insurance, to the out of pocket costs, it is a common cause of stress.
being real with the messages that are sent every day. we have so many work that we cannot comply with our personal stuff.
Less bureaucracy eg fewer governance bodies, less admin eg audits, compliance, HSE, faster speed all round, alignment improvements MAH and MAHI
Continue to remove barriers to getting the job done by empowering decision-making at the appropriate level. Evaluate and provide opportunities for career advancement at all levels.
Continue to provide updated information on current knowledge of Covid and how our company implements strategies to help provide treatment and aids in manufacturing vaccines for other companies.  Also continue to develop our employees to be diverse and able to handle the ever change world and industry, while supporting our products and pipeline and continuing to keep our company on top.
MSD should simplify the way of work in order to be able to work in an agile mode in a world of constant change. Currently there is a huge amount of processes and in constant change and as new employee (Since Sep2020) it is very difficult to surf the wave. MSD should be open to initiatives that other companies are following and proved to work in order to improve in this aspect.
SEGUIR TRABAJANDO EN PRO DE LA SALUD, APOSTAR A LA INOVACION DE NUEVOS MEDICAMENTOS PARA SALVAR VIDAS, SEGUÍ TRABAJANDO EN LA INCLUSIÓN Y RESPETO DE LAS PERSONAS, ME ENCANTA SU FILOSOFÍA Y COMO CUODA A SUS EMPLEADOS.
Less sites in CRA workloads or at least understanding that all sites are not the same (10 sites does not always equal 10 sites in the amount of work or time required) as the complexity of the study or site issues differ and therefore should not be treated equally across the board. Long trainings do not make staff better trained, in fact it does the opposite.
I would like  my leadership in my department and division to reflect the diversity in the US today and what we all too often talk about at work. I would managers to be better trained in meeting effectiveness,  drilling into the equating time= money so suggesting truly wholistic time saving alternatives not just creating optionalities that cost time (i.e. money) to develop and explore. Reward and promote team members who are truly collaborative, display high EQ and get work done. Continue to create an a workplace that supports and celebrates  work experiences gained prior to Merck. Create agile business processes: most things take to long to get any approval.
figure out what milleanials want to stay engaged and committed to Merck
Keep doing what you are doing!!
Keep growing for us
collaborate with Biotech start ups to introduce/ develop new technologies and innovating products reinforce digitalization
Programs for work-personal balance
Sustainability of change and implementation of MPS tools/strategies is very challenging. Stop trying to address every problem at once, focus on successful initiative implementation and change management before moving onto the next.
Many people seem to be working all hours of the day every day of the week and have expectations for others to do so as well.  People should be taking breaks.  They should also expect others to do so and respect other people's breaks.  Breaks are healthy.  Not everything is an emergency and must be done immediately.
Continue to identify opportunities where processes can be simplified, standardized and harmonized.
1. The way we used to work will never be the same after the pandemic.  I am concerned that management will expect us to go back to working the way we did before the pandemic, and that is not realistic.  I intend to work with my manager so that I can keep working from home when I can.  Large, in-person group meetings are a thing of the past, as well as allowing employees to come to work when they are ill.  I thought I would hate working from home, but it has shown me that I am less stressed about work, have better balance with my home and family, and I am much more productive. 2. Empower managers to help their direct reports advance in the company, and be transparent about expectations for advancement.  Employees should know exactly what they need to accomplish in order to advance, but that is not happening.   3. Ensure employees who are titled at a certain level are getting paid at that level.
Merck and MSD should continue to survey/speak to employees to find out what their employees need and want.  On one level, this can be taken care of during tier.  For those that may not feel comfortable speaking to fellow teammates, it helps to have someone else listening to them.  Possibly add suggestion or RTB (raising the bar) boxes around the plants.  Continue to add lightness and fun to the workplace with challenges.
Evaluate organizations and the ability to support the work needed Continue to provide or expand on the benefits offered. Paid child care, Life Care child care are excellent examples of benefits that make this a great place to work
Make MSD a truly learning organisation  Bring on new technologies (NGS, mRNA platform etc.) via mergers, in-licensing or tech partnership to assume ecosystem leadership
I know Merck thinks they are doing what it takes to get and retain people and maybe as a company they are. The site i am working at does not. We value outside contractors more than we do internal employees. One of the most disappointing things at Merck is completing these surveys then having a skip level meeting to discuss the results and then nothing changes. We talk the talk but rarely follow thru.
Work in Flexibility
Keep staff positions filled in a timely manner. Don’t have gaps on teams that need to be filled for months. Stretch assignments should be for development not as a means to fill staff needs
Incentivize working from home versus a return to the office and travel
Looking other companies at the island in order to make the necessary adjustments for the LPO site to be more competitive.
Personally, it means giving opportunities to new talents, believing more in employees and making decisions based on their needs. If Merck / Msd grows, all of us who belong to it grow
Managers should listen to their reports what their needs are to work effectively and improve work-life balance. Overall, the company culture is still quite hierarchic where managers think they know what is good based on their own personal preferences and ignoring the individual situation of their reports. Managers should pay attention to show recognition to their reports.
They are doing well, but they mist listen more to their employees, there is always fear of contradicting. This tipe of survery helps a lot.  Thank you
There has been a lot of change with the vaccine division.  The leadership has completely changed. Maybe to have more virtual meetings with new leadership would help and to share their goals for the future of the company.
I think that Merck need to simplify some process to do business and to have more patients and customers digital resources to educate and activate vaccination
Ensure we hyper focus on the patients and our customers, prioritize future growth drivers and ensure we have enough resources to innovate, fail and learn fast! Simplify processes!
Make personnel at all levels aware (including directors and managers) that well-being, inclusion and diversity of team are to make a true and permanent change in the company and not only to cover the priorities of the current year. Encourage the free expression of ideas and suggestions without negative consequences, since there are many cases in which they are misinterpreted. Promote accountability in all areas. Support with the necessary resources for the development of work now in times of pandemic when you have to go to the office for work reasons (personal protective equipment, gel and disinfectant towels, food support, support of areas that give service (example IT).
Continue to keep focused on our customers.  Be ready to flex again when we have the ability to be out in the field more.  During the pandemic Merck adapted well and created many training, WebEx, and administrative opportunities to support our development.  Now that we are in the field more and have more and more customer engagements both live and virtually and have drive times built into our day, we need to rebalance and refocus to continue to allow for professional development while putting getting in front of our customers first.
Merck and MSD should continue what they are doing in research and development, creating a diverse and inclusive workforce and communicating frequently with employees.
Increase financial resource funding to field sales so that we can compete further
We have to be more agile and decrease amount of bureaucratic barriers. In addition that competition KPI’ must be clarified and it would be on focus of our path ways. Finally, I would like to thanks MSD for supporting to employers in pandemic. Our company make us feeling valuable :)
The organization, searchability, and accessibility of quality documents is not only embarrassing, but in direct conflict with the companies desired compliance culture. Too many individuals don't know how to find what documents govern their work, and even when they do, they often struggle to search for them or access them.  People are encouraged to speak up when they see opportunities for improvement, but often all of the time/effort to exact change falls on the individual which can overwhelm people and prevent them from speaking up in the future. Management could improve how they recognize and support potentially impactful ideas for change.
Leaders should devote more time for information exchange in local work areas, about local work issues, site issues, and global business issues.
Value your employees by investing in them.
continues improvement and invest more in research
Continue to provide flexibility to the employees and offer career opportunities. Staying competitive when comparing to benefits offered by other companies in the same sector and country. Facilitate forums/places of exchange and sharing best practices
Merck needs to have some checks/balances to make sure that ERBGs are being represented similarly across the company.  ERBG items are voluntary and there is so much offered.  They bring so much value to the company, the employees, and the community.  Managers need to know them and encourage their teams to get involved.  Regular updates should be incorporated into  monthly huddles.  We are a company with so much volunteer work being done throughout the world.  We should have a volunteer day..that on that day the entire organization participates in a volunteer event.  It does not need to be the same event but Merck Volunteerism Day.    Merck should be more transparent about restructuring going on around the company.  This past year, it only seemed like one division was having restructure but then to find out, restructuring was everywhere.  As a company, if we need to be more flexible for any reason.  Everyone should be in the know on WHY and WHO and what is being done to accomplish that.
Get us back to the office!
Give to their employees Resources and Tools that are appropriate to the country market, for example if there is a high Spanish speaking consumer, that all the resource need to be in Spanish.  Resources such as media/TV/Digital, patient education material, HCP branded educational material.  Tools that help enhance the re activation of immunization, for our external customers.  A continuous refresher of our SOP, Field Policies, in a annual manner.  Enhance the development of the employees, such as, shadows initiatives, mentoring, external courses.
Invest in the production department. Upgrade systems and equipment. Also, we should have the ability to comment on every question on a survey.
We are not always the best with communication.  The ability to communicate anywhere from leaders above to our boots on the ground is of most importance for supporting each other.
provide more incentive for good work
Communicate more outside of the company about the company's values and mission. Consolidate Merck and MSD under a single name to build a world global reputation under a single name that is known and recognized unambiguously. This would help the company build a reputation as worldwide leader, a company that leads by example, and make the company more attractive to talents.
move away from paperwork and digitalize lots of things. Avoid redundancy and repetition.
foster on D&I
Flexible work schedules for the field
Provide a quicker turn-around on issues that impede the field from doing their work and being forthcoming with customers.
1. Invest in R&D, ensure equitable access of innovative medicine to all patients. 2. Ensure the new Ways of Working are embedded in regional teams and presidents, particularly moving from silos to networks, engaging and empowering the country teams and strongly adopting a diverse mindset and inclusive culture.
Incorporating diverse voices in leadership to have a broader perspective but also improve on strategy
continue with the application of the policies and the good treatment to the employees
Better the integration between multiple groups. In its current state, too many handovers which happen for a program are inefficient and waste lot of time and resources.
Through the years "our people" became diluted in our mission, our vision and is now disappearing from our strategic alignment. The people which used to be the important aspect have noticed the shift, hopefully the future doesn't.
Be ethical, trustworthy organization that makes employees feel proud. Aim for environment friendly goals (like becoming 0 carbon emission in a some timeframe, etc)
The workload itself is sometimes daunting but then add in all of the other requirements (MyLearning, projects, etc.)  and it can quickly become overwhelming. This drives the expectation that you work 12 hours a day to barley keep up with your work. The second issue is everything is driven by profit plan. There is talk of doing the right things; safety first, family is important but at the end of the day it's all about profit plan.
Further empower employees so that decision making happens at the right levels. Support employees so that they can achieve a good work/life balance including providing flexibility to work remotely depending on their job function.
It is currently ok
Stay focused on our mission.  Be adaptable and agile in this changing external market.
Create a portal for tools.  Create a portal for systems access. We have so many tools and resources that are not organized in a useful way and it creates waste.  In MMD getting access to the many systems is not standardized and there is not one way to do this.  Each site creates their own way.
I don't always feel I receive adequate training.  There have been several times I've been told to do something such as write a protocol and perform temperature monitoring and I've never received any training on that.  I did receive training once from a colleague who wanted me to fail.  Most of the time I've received adequate training but other times no training at all and just expected "to know what to do".  Or when learning something new.  I might be training with someone who does not want me to succeed.
A way to apply to jobs or a short-long term assignment program to travel in other Merck offices around the world and also a way to consolidate all tools MSD has so they can be more known and taken advantage of.
Allow for free discussion on different ways of working and support ideas that challenge the old ways of working. Allow for additional remote opportunities. Increase research/funding on future vaccine opportunities. Merck was noticeably missing from the table for the pandemic.
With the pandemic situation many things and ways of working have changed. For example remote work is the new normal and things continued to work fine. It will be interesting to think about what is happening in order to create NWOW.
Company is going in the right direction.
Improve workload per employee to facilitate work-life balance.
Innovative ways of thinking and strategies to value the employee talent.
Merck should continue to diversify its focus and product portfolio to fulfill unmet needs in the healthcare market to set the company apart in a business where access to providers is becoming increasingly more difficult.
TRULY drive transformation in the way we work.   Select leaders with emotional intelligence.  Working for a bully is a miserable place to be.
Continue to evaluate compensation for divisions that are pillars of the company.  Continue bringing in great people.  The people and our mission make this job and company a wonderful place to work.
HACER MAS SENCILLO LOS PROCESOS ADMINISTRATIVOS, PROMOVER EL TIEMPO DE EQUILIBRIO ENTRE VIDA PERSONAL Y TRABAJO,
Find ways to help staff with workloads -  the workloads are increasing but headcounts decreasing - often can add to a lot of stress, working after of hours and taking away from family time.
Keep providing the safe environment to speak, consider each of us and our families health and slowing down while keep adapting to this way of working from home and finding the balance between getting things done and personal wellbeing. We are on our way but still need support from our leaders, we need to walk the talk.
Truly embrace WoW and provide resources necessary to implement necessary changes
Rotational program such as cross functions with other IPT to gain experience (aka job change -without the hassle of interviews would be a huge cost saving.).
We need strong implementation plans when rolling out large scale projects to help alleviate the burden of extra work felt by end users finding bugs, errors, and problems with systems after a rollout or major update. End users are already held to tightly monitored lead times and the delays and extra work to navigate the reporting and solutions for these issues causes added stress and potential for burnout. As a culture Merck promotes movement within the company, or movement between companies, in order to create pay raise opportunities for one's self which creates emboldened 'masters of none' within the teams. Although this is a benefit in certain ways it penalizes and undervalues employees who truly want to master a specific area to become SMEs.
Merck has a standardized employee compensation program however I feel some departments due to the nature of their work as compared to others would benefit from separate compensation structures from other departments.  For example, EM&U requires someone from the team to be available 24/7 due to the critical nature of utilities and manufacturing equipment.  There is very little ability to utilize work from home or other flexible benefits that other departments get to take advantage of.  I feel that more people could be retained if their compensation structure was evaluated differently than other areas.
I am very confortable with new aproaches of senior leadership in getting even better place to work.
To become 100% virtual as many other great companies, we have the tools and knowledge.
When the world returns to "normal", do not stop the D&I as well as the mental health and work/life balance focus and emphasis!
prioritize projects (reduce number) or provide adequate resources to keep workload reasonable
Continue to offer personal development and maintain strong divisions like Oncology,Hospital Division and A strong pipeline will help our mission thrive.
Get rid of my manager.
I noticed Merck's recent press release about its climate goal and carbon neutrality. I would love to see this mission pushed further by switching all of our fleet vehicles to EVs or hybrids; imagine the difference this could make!
Make it even more transparent, nimble and quick in it's decision making processes...still too many layers and silos.
Communication between teams should be better.
Hire the suitable person for the suitable role, and focus on developing the personalities while developing the experience and skills. Provide more training and get more staff trained to be available to back up their colleagues.
acknowledge employee's hard work with appropriate rewards and promotion
I think Merck needs to embrace diversity beyond race and gender to include diversity of educational background and life experiences
More work resource support for night shift employees.
Keep in mind the Customers are not financially stable due to declined patient visits and keep that in mind with our payment options ie. Increase payment terms or make the terms flexible as new vaccines roll out. Remember, just because Merck geographies are green (field can go out in person), many offices are not open to Reps- Management should have that perspective around metrics. The metric attitude creates stress when it is out of our control.
its all good
Simplify processes by mindfully removing old processes when implementing new ones. We seem to be bombarded with new processes while still keeping legacy ones alive. And when old processes are ditched, there's no consideration of how we can bridge between old and new processes.
the stocks company provided 3 years before is a good way to inspire long service colleagues. is there any plan to continue this program?
Offer free WiFi for personal devices.
As an employee whom has been working with MSD 12 years, I got totally lost these two years with too many unfair treatments. I have no idea whether the policies or regulations are well performed worldwide because it seems useless in China. I cannot help to asking is there any one or any group would like to help the normal employees out of the difficulties? Why those unprofessional leaders/managers can stay safely with the support of local HRs? Who are monitoring on this? So many questions...I feel hurt and dispointed to current enironment in MSD China.
Listen to feedbacks with open mind
1、choose managers carefully,choose managers who have ideas、responsbilitiies and can do practical things 2、Have a unified policy,not always changing
Open up stock options to more employees. Provide preferred Merck Employee life event discount options - Legal, Parent Care....
Take a deep dive  to see if we have the right people with the proper knowledge , right skills
Make sure all the products are supplied sufficiently.
Merck/MSD is already a great place to work. I am proud to be part of this company and to contribute in its mission. My two cents on how to improve our position as a great place to work: (1) The open seating office concept is a good idea but it also created a toxic culture wherein some areas are reserved to a specific group/department only. There are also individuals who block-book meeting rooms for months to serve as their personal offices; (2) i recognize the efforts of the company to develop high performing & talented employees but it will also be good to give opportunities to average employees to hone their talents too, (3) i understand the need to cut costs and work efficiently but the increasing workload and additional projects with no additional resources make it hard to achieve a work-life balance. There are initiatives or improvements within our area that we want to implement but cannot find time because of other competing priorities.
Removing barriers that slow down work across departments
I think the emphasis on diversity and inclusion from the corporate level has been consistent and unambiguous. But I feel the D&I efforts at my work group are not very effective or very healthy. I can see how certain minority groups' voices (such as women) were given priority over other minority groups (such as Asian, LGBTQ+). We only have workshops held by fellow coworkers who are untrained in D&I and I don't feel any of us is well-trained to discuss it cogently and convincingly in an open setting. I think Merck and MSD should consider dedicating more well trained professionals in fostering correct conversations in diversity and inclusion, especially in my immediate management.
Continue to have open and timely communications; continued focus on employee development, including designated time to pursue special projects, programs and opportunities to learn and develop job-specific and soft skills; continued focus on employee well-being, including flexible working arrangements
Line management is poor at Merck. The line managers are not able to support with many tasks like for example find back-up when an employee take vacations. This task has to be compelted by us, which is stressful and does not seem prefesional. we do not know what are the workload of out colleagues and we shouldn´t go around asking thsi as a favor, it shoudl be the Line manager doign this task. Unfortunatelly line managers have many other tasks as priority instead of reasources, and I am surprised that they do nto think that this shoudl be part of their hob, for me this is quite odd. I woudl like an improvement to have the line managers more focus on the resources instead of other priorities, this will help a lot to have a better understanding of the workload of the resources, since there is a high overload lately and resolution to that is taking too long. Another thing to improve is the salary, we are always in the lower bar. Diversity and the good enviroment is getting better every year
Be more considerate on sales people job scope, as WORK LIFE BALANCE Be more thoughtful on employees job responsibilities as don’t just don’t for the seek of doing to achieve KpIs
keep on track with what they are doing
I feel an increased level of accountability for all would aid in delivery of our mission. We discuss the ability to operate with ‘courage and candour’, but I’m afraid I’m unsure I see this in practice and moire so feel resistance at times. Although the issues I have highlighted are in the minority of individuals I have witness the effect it has on the larger group which is detrimental in morale.
More comprehensive and transparent plan to be shared for talent retention and development
Try to eliminate unnecessary processes which slow us down and accelerate the ability to make decisions at the right level. In order to be competitive (great examples in Oncology), accepting and reviewing the degree of business risk should be a routine part of decision making. This is typically inflexible in Merck and we should look into mechanisms to appropriately escalate in select (limited) situations where it's warranted.
take into account the observations and suggestions that are given to the management of the operator who is on the floor and sometimes this does not happen taking into account ergonomic risks
Promote learning from mistake instead of penalizing them. Current culture of penalizing and shunning people that made mistake discourages curiosity and motivation to do more for the company.  Do not make coming up with project/joining one as part of the KPI as employee would work on them as part of fulfilling their KPI instead of truly believe that it will bring enhancement to the team and the company. Encourage leaders to walk the talk rather than just preach about them, and do the opposite.
Free Health Cover for all employees and families Increased resources into R&D, including more Regional trial sites in Animal Health
One on one meeting with GM & HR Survey all staffs, promote Training courses as demand.
We need to move things faster, as we consume so much time in deciding impact, that the time to deliver is gone.  things get undelivered and we moved to another technology while totally under utilizing the current technology.
Actually be true to delivering on a mission instead of focussed on processes, internal churn and individual achievements that can be demonstrated by individual teams
Start providing additional perks and reward people with promotions for the work they have done. This will motivate employees
Keep updating employees and giving them opportunity and reason to want to be the best they can.  Working from home was a little challenging however once I got the proper tools and resources, it has become second nature. I believe I'm much more efficient as there are much fewer distractions. Working from home is also less stressful as there is no travel time to and from the office. Useless time in traffic is now time used wisely!!! Also being able to do some personal tasks during the day relieves the stress of having to do them after work. Less stress leads to more efficient days and a happier working environment.
Continuo faster automatization  of process and implement Self service options to our internal and external customers, keep focus on people motivation, development and  opportunities as well as company benefits and flexibility at  work
Focus on develop talent & well-being for every employee
Process simplification: there are too many compliance/legal/internal control SOPs that create huge workload for employee and also put employee at a high-risk position when they try to implement something new
i propose to create more program/project to increase mental health/ work life balance for MSD staffs
Probably adapt The New time post pandemia in a friendly  balance betwen personal Life And. Job time
Manager feedback that is tied to PPO.  Provide reps with tools that matter, for example, the role of the SAE was eliminated and now reps are tasked with calling on infusion centers yet don’t have the sales data and reports that SAEs previously had when they worked in this role.
Balance on business and compliance. Give clear directions on compliance and benchmark with markets
Improve the flexible working, work remotely
Sharing session between CLT and employees monthly
Too many barriers and processes, slowing down ability to interact with clinicians in a timely manner. Resources available 4 weeks post congress but scientific leader engagement and insights expected one week after congress.  We need to have more generous and early compassionate access programs to be successful in our country
Keep field people in mind when making marketing decisions, both for promotions and strategy decisions
MSD is not a business, it's an institution with a 130 year legacy of Inventing for life and probably the most ethical and compliant Pharma company. The values, systems and processes give full confidence as regards the efficacy of our products and makes one proud to be a part of this organisation  However, due to business or other reasons all functions are grappling with manpower reduction while processes and compliances are increasing by the day. This coupled with the Covid 19 situation is worsening the work life balance for us in the markets subject to restrictions on movement. There's no personal life left and there's no let up in the deliverables required. There definitely needs to be re-look at the scenarios like no replacement for people leaving a the employees are getting fatigued with the never ending work loads and new requirements
ALIGERAR EL TRABAJO ADMINISTRATIVO
Want the company to understand the current situation COVID-19 . Make target reasonable understand employees . Reduce the document work that causes mistakes.
increase benefits
i think MSD is one of the best place to work but only for ten years . because when you work over ten year ,company will compensate you for only ten year when you hired out.
Welcome and accept to localized decision making by Global/Regional, Appreciate on market intelligence and market difference... Trust between Global/Regional and Local Simplify unnecessary procedures Well-planned communication on new SOP/guidance before execution (rather than share after effective date)
Merck senior leaders need to recognize the need to increase the hourly work force to meet the demands of the headquarters relocation to Rahway. If we are not going to increase the hourly work force, then the plan to maintain the site should be communicated to the key stakeholders. From a supervisor's perspective, we feel undervalued. We are forced to work OT without sufficient compensation. Our mechanics get paid more than supervisors when we are forced to work OT. Those of us who are essential and had to work 100% during this Covid pandemic, were not given consideration during the yearly differentiation process. It wasn't even mentioned as per my manager during our year end review. That was painful to hear that essential workers were not given any additional consideration considering we were placed in harms way multiple times. Senior leadership needs to reconsider first line supervisor's OT rate of pay as well as shift differential compensation.
Priority 1.  Insufficient resources from GST.  The process for approving journal articles and slides is cumbersome and frustrating.  For the Respiratory team, there are very few journal articles approved for training use, and only a couple of slide decks for use with SLs. Materials take weeks to months to approve.  As we are getting ready to launch gefapixant, suggest streamlining the process to improve RMSD access to materials.   Priority 2.  Budget cuts in the face of gefapixant launch preparedness.  The Clinical Immersion Program scheduled for Nov 2021 was cut due to budget restrictions, which interferes with the Med Affairs training program to help ensure a successful launch.   Priority 3.  Office supply budget cut.  Office supplies provide the necessary tools and comfort to perform our jobs well.  The pedantics of denying approval for standard office supplies can create morale issues.    Priority 4.  For bullet points #2 and 3 above, please consider using the unused travel budget.
Sometimes the procedures of MSD România, let us bellow and we see that other Companies are more flexible and implement patients strategies that we cannot do.
The recent concept, Diversity and Inclusion is very important at this time and to encouraging all employees to adapt and practice this concept, I certainly believe that working together and caring each other would produce a great result and ultimately deliver our mission
better work-life balance, more realistic timeline rather than speeding up everything. seems improved, but still fear of failure including delay of project timeline. unequal job assignment.
improve training and improve canteen/locker/shower facilitys
inclusion to every level colleagues and ensure their voice are heard in a safe environment
Please more money
Keep everyone informed and updated regarding any changes with in the completed
Try to simplify things and challenge existed policies that makes work hard.  Training for managers to be able to take decisions and responsibility and not referring to senior managers for decisions at all times.
Ensure sales staff are given opportunity to work/apply for head office roles, especially in a culture of regular redundancies - feels like a glass ceiling. Ensure fairness and equity in the advertising and selecting for new roles. Encourage a culture of fairness and encouraging MSD's own people by enabling all roles to be open to internal candidates prior to external selection.  Encourage and applaud the sales teams, they are on the front line with the customers buying MSD's products. If they feel valued by the company and secure in their work environment, it shows to external customers and benefits MSD long term.
I think that there is a push for diversity and inclusion and there is talk about doing so, I am hopping that as meetings and events happen during the year I get to see this in action
Focus on work - life balance for every individuals
Need experience sharing from successful regions.
Team building in COVID 19 Pandemic times?
Need to empower sales teams more to be able to contribute to a leaner organization.
I feel that the new technology of DigiTier works for some departments and groups; but it is extremely slow and cumbersome. It is also very confusing and when seeing staff who have used the system for months, run a meeting, it is not much better than when they started using it.   Sometimes staff and managers may suggest you request others to help make improvements to processes; once they are  challenged, they back down and don't support your suggestion. This lack of support is very degrading, instead of supporting.
Clear career path for Management trainee
Current resource allocation and manpower placement is not the most efficient and effective.
nothing
Continue with digital enhancements; keep us all updated on latest developments
keep up the amazing job that everyone is doing in order to continue being one the largest pharma companies in the wolrd
more training, improve store stock, current shift pattern of two on / two off should be implemented permanently - work life balance, definitely improves efficiency.
use more technology
Keeping up to date currently is huge challenge, dealing with payments of customers, adjusting credit limits, ensuring orders are released ( finance functions), dealing with Human resource issues with little local support, leaving little time to do the most important tasks assigned to me as managing my team and driving new opportunities in my territory. I do understand the trend that companies must do more with less people but if we can’t convert on sales opportunities, we are taking away that what is growing our business for the future. To answer the question above: MSD need to look at improved support functions to sales driven activities and ensuring sales teams have enough resources and available time to convert opportunities and growing our business for the future
Simplify our business process.
MSD must give internal people opportunities to grow and develop their career path .Managers must stop hiring people form Adcock while we do have people who can perform the task ,but not given opportunities .And people are afraid to apply for the internal positions because managers are so bulling. More especially Warehouse department and Quality department .And not embracing MSD culture .
Become leaner, stop creating arbitrary compliance, legal, and procurement barriers that stifle invention from the start. Transform these silos into actual service providers, away from mere nay sayers.
1- Decrease amount of Politics in opportunities and appointments and make it more of Competences and talents.  2- Looking into Jordan as an equal place can export talents , not neglecting Jordan as it's small country and having small contribution in business.
Sometimes get the impression that Global leadership is detached from what is happening at site and the pressure on people at "floor level".  Lots of projects are initiated from Global and different divisions without taking into consideration the impact and the workload of people that need to execute.  Small site with limited resources - same people are responsible for everything.  Also find that at site, leaders are not aligned - within the same division as well leaders from different divisions e.g  marketing and manufacturing.  Everybody just focused on their own goals and targets, and not taking into consideration the impact to others, especially if you are sitting in the QA department.
We have a number of great initiatives implemented at other sites - the company would benefit from standardising the way each site operates to ensure we support the Brand and thus ensure the same quality and customer delivery no Matter which site you work at. As a company, we could do much better at solving problems more efficiently by mandating specific strategies and systems instead of each site trying to create their own solutions which may not be sustainable in the long run and does not support succession of people and technology
Make people more aware of time differences. ie Friday morning meeting US time should not be set as these are Friday evening Asia time. Already from Monday to Thursday, work blurrs into the evening and it is difficult to switch off during the week...  without people "feeling bad" about having to reject a Friday evening call. People need to be more sensitive and aware.
Simplification of SOPs and fixing the conflicts between HH and MRL SOPs. Greater accountability and scope is required at country compliance steward level
Show that you actually care about the people working onsite during the Covid pandemic. There are number of restrictions, safety measures etc. but there's no appreciation, understanding, and fair compensation. It is frustrating to see emails about yoga or banana bread baking courses for for people working from home while being understaffed, not being able to carpool (huge safety impact on people working 12hrs shifts and travelling from a far) etc.
Merck (MSD) must be involved in the solution of the pandemics as an essential contributor.
that a manager doesn't make decisions about quality issues without consultation of the QA officers and therefore without knowing all the ins and outs.
flexible working post Covid-19
develop employees towards our mission
Focus more on the Values like 1.Trust 2.Foster Collaboration
Better work life balance. ie. flexi time, shift, to enable child care at home
Ensure inclusion and diversity is practiced not just spoken about
Covid bonus payment
Listening to the work staff with this Pulse is a good example to find out how everyone/teams are evolving and how prepared individuals feel for the new normality/ new reality.   Working together on profesional - personal balance/ well being ( also at work) reinforce the sense of belowing.   Be closer to the patient ( involving them in to the decision making process in some processes) could be a steep forward .
Simplify in-line promotions (make them as easy as insourcing a contractor).  Empower employees through clear delegation of authority.  Facilitate employee development.  Charge digital "postage" for emails to push traffic to real-time tools (and minimize 'reply to all' responses).  Be location-agnostic when it comes to where administrative, finance & IT roles are filled.
make sure that stimulation msd core values also drill down to site level. Modern things like breaking down silos, experimenting and collaboration, as well as adopting modern ways of working that involve trust and agility, is not very visible in MMD IT leadership at site level.
Continue to empower decision making at the right level. Continue to promote, drive and ingrain a  growth mindset
To start connecting business units, in particular R&D & MMD, start focussing on the right people to do the job instead of showmasters which do not create anything sustainable.
One of the biggest learnings over the past 12 mths has been the ability to allow colleagues to figure out the right way for them to achieve their goals whilst balancing their personal life. Whilst this is not true for everyone, the majority definitely see's benefit from this 'freedom' or 'flexibility' to plan and manage both professional & personal responsibilities. I believe moving forward, bold steps of true empowerment to all colleagues to choose how they execute their responsibilities within a compliant framework will make MSD not just a great place to work, but a great place for the future to work. Of course, office space (even if reduced significantly to reduce footprint & carbon footprint) should be there like 'WeWorks' for identity & for those colleagues who may need a place away to work, but we should make a concerted effort to ensure all colleagues have the right equipment & setup to execute.   It will be great if we can bring in a team focussed on internal digital engagement
More transparency on how to grow within the company. What criteria would help me go up a band, secure a pay rise or promotion. Without that knowledge, it would be more likely I would change companies to proceed with my career rather than looking internally.
work on psychological safety for saying "no", the work load is too high. Sr leaders praise employees that work long hours, nights and weekends. This creates a frame where this is expected. This is not a healthy environment.
more resources required to give a better customer service experience particularly around Direct by MSD. We need more resources in the CS team to cope with demand from customers, we need more specialist resource in the COBU teams to support the various systems and processes to ensure these are completed in a timely manner to ensure customer satisfaction when problems arise. We need better communication processes with our customers when there are issues
This should be seen from the leadership of Merck or MSD
eliminate bureaucracy and complicated procedures.
Since we're working from home now, would like to have internet data allowance
Managers need to balance the work load of each individual in team.
Promote about Merck and MSD to the public to build the good reputation or join the organization to get the reward for the best work place award.
Continuing to step up on becoming more environmentally sustainable and take bold actions in reducing our carbon footprint. We have a plan and willingness to do it, now it needs to be actioned.
Avenues for Promotion need to be easier to access.Also the remuneration package in Ballydine  is behind similar roles not only in  external companies but also some MSD sites
Could improve on the tools supplied to do the job. Phones and vehicles  Vehicles do not only need to be safe but should also be comfortable and have accessories to increase comfort. On road sales people spend long hours in these vehicles and are essentially our office
Empower the people in departments who can make changes and remove the people in other departments who hold back and don't/can't make positive decisions, for driving the company forward. People barriers are the largest detriment to the company. Reduce the amount of hoops that must be gone through to get a process done.
Organization that embrace an environment of continuous learning. Provide more training and development to employee.
Consider work / life balance and an individuals quality of life  Review current tools used for efficiency and effectiveness of meeting business needs.  Example raising a PO in the system has taken weeks to execute.
Develop and give growth opportunities to internal experienced employees
Walk the talk
Faster recruitment processes, more growth opportunities for internal employees.
It would be good if there was clarity on what the working model will look like as COVID restrictions decrease i.e everyone back on site full time or a hybrid model
Provide more opportunities for career development for all employees
Mentorship Career guidance Work resources, opportunity to shadow to learn that helps us to grow
In my opinion, what would help the Company to keep being a great place to work is to keep its principles of keeping the focus on the patient and the common good for the community; to scape of implementing any ideology to ensure all of us are respected in our internal believes.  Diversity and inclusion efforts may need to consider that ideologies damage the work environment.
There tends to be a culture of managing up, ensuring tasks are executed to keep the above management levels happy. Instead of managing the team.
Continue to offer flexibility for emp[oyees work schedules and work form home
Accept the flexibility on the working format, e.g. work in office in the morning and work from home in the afternoon to support family needs
Align the resources to the workload.  Have experts available to assist Operations/EMU when roadblocks become larger than the internal resources. Assure leaders are leading and helping the team to move forward versus the mentality to exert more pressure for results.
* to provide more opportunities for the development of valuable managers and employees.
We should be able to be even more agile and have the authority to do more decision on local level. I know this might be challenging in a company which is as big as we are, but this would make employees feel even more empowered.
Recommendations to make our company great place to work: -Further improve on the value and quality of food vendors especially at all the Tuas Sites. -Enhance benefits such as gym/fitness membership extended to employees at MMD, the current built-up gyms at Tuas South and Tuas West Campus is under-utilized even before COVID-19 restrictions, likely because people prefer to work out nearer to the city center or nearer to their home, extending a similar gym membership scheme that those in Galaxis have would allow employees to benefit. To deliver on our mission: -Allow and broadcast more opportunities for employees to grow by undergoing job rotation both within the country's divisions and also overseas.
Better support career development by making HR band more flexible and changing/removing the lump sum process that is too rigid
Continue with the ways of working initiative to improve collaboration within the company. Maybe have a sharper eye on priorities in order to prevent extreme work loads for employees.
Particularly in Indonesia, MSD is a little bit behind in terms of employee support. For example, in other pharma companies, the employees got mask and vitamin support monthly and if one of the employee is covid positive, support will be given by the company. This is something that is lacking in MSD Indonesia. For covid positive cases, the employee received no support other than the insurance benefit provided.  It is also a little bit frustrating that up until now no vaccination program has been set up for employee in Indonesia while we see many employee from other companies got vaccinated.
Continue to stay true to our values of putting the patients first and focusing on innovation and science.
Focus on future products and technologies.  It feels a bit like Merck is behind other companies in our pipeline, and Merck's future success is dependent on the pipeline
Re-unite the remaining company together again after the turmoil and stress of COVID on top of the spin-off of Organon.
communicate better why certain decisions are made, be more transparent.
Process/system simplification
I hope that MSD can optimiz internal system,suchl like Saleceforce and I want more salary
keep inventing and developing new medicines to help people get better and live longer while strongly improving our safety environment at work and to also practice safety outside of work.
Developing people in a 5 years timeframe.
Not pressure to work outside if can be virtual and understand better extending circumstances of covid complicated homelife
Launch new innovative products as promoting the same product for last 13 years
I believe developing internally is very important for significant part of our employees - and at least part of our leadership did commit to it over the townhalls ('building internal talents'). Getting a feedback after an unsuccessful internal job application is very important, so employee can understand how to develop to increase a chance of getting desired job in MSD. Feedback like 'there were other candidates with better profile' doesn't help at all, especially if that internal candidate requests for a proper feedback. I understand that it might be difficult to give personalized feedback for each internal candidate and maybe not everyone even wants it, but at least those who request it should get an opportunity to receive it.
Think  globally but act locally - . allow  us to explore, initiate and complete the projects/solutions that are right for our part of the world, whilst maintaining the MSD mission and values.  Give us the resources to get the job done. - and remember people are our most important resource,  digital solutions, for example are an aid, not an end in themselves and they still need humans to run them.
more resources because a lot of people are too busy for too long.
Broaden the product pipeline Allow more experimental approach
Commit to work-life balance and honor people's time outside routine working hours such that they can de-stress.
change our push marketing into actual proactive pull marketing. building on our digital transformation an taking into account each country of cluster has to be free in filling their digital transformation in with their best knowledge of their markets instead of pushing on globalisation - all the same for each country.
Vaccinate all employees and open office again
Please lighten the emphasis on diversity and inclusion - look around MSD! We are so diverse and everyone is included! I am so proud of that! I love the multicultural nature of our company but I think the topic is being overplayed! Remember we are all Australians and we should celebrate the "Aussie" culture as well.
Remove some of the barriers that severely limit us in our ability to communicate with customers.  For example the ability to send an email to customers that we type that discusses product or questions they ask us, that is not a generic pre populated email.
Continue on current path.  Great place to work.
Approval flows are unacceptably complicated, make it easier.
Invest more in employee retention and continue to allow remote work to recruit and retain talent from all over.
Live Workshops on unconscious bias, Respect for colleagues, Speaking up, work-life balance etc. especially for teams with managers as well as team members together. Make work fun and worth celebrating so that it integrates seamlessly with our lives.  Leadership pipelining and transparent Talent discussions. Career path discussions with clear road map and actions required by all stakeholders. Leadership development courses from premier business schools
Simplify Processes , Simplify structures. Complex Structures and many layers are creating unnecessary workload and drive burden on people. Quantity and Variety of process again creating workload , putting many barriers and make daily job hectic that impacts work life balance.  Focus more internal rather than external.Work to be done for internal resources over scores external focus on customers and patients
Continue to focus on diversity - not only gender, race, sexual orientation etc. but also embrace age and educational diversity in order to fully benefit from differences..
Re-evaluate whether our operations and priorities to match a future of innovation.  Improve external visibility to new areas of talent (leveraging the next gen approaches) to have a pipeline of bench strength.
Many of the "support" services (i.e. IT Support, HR Support, purchasing, etc) are more road blocks than support.  I would like to spend more time doing my job than jumping these hurtles.
Work life balance is a big problem and I feel like there are not enough hours in the day to complete what is being asked of me
We are very isolated. Vaccinated people should be allowed to return to physical offices and locations. Being remote does not allow us to truly see what is going on at a physical production site.
Continue to work on diversity and inclusion initiatives, especially around black and brown people.  The level of black and brown people in Directors, Executive Directors and AVP needs to be more intentional.
Continue investment on people mostly related Efficiency and Productivity, Priorities definition and Work life balance in this new ways of working (WFH, COVID, etc.)
Deeper dive in dept's attrition rates for P4s and Merck plans to address. Currently, it's not being addressed and causing work to be redistributed at the last moment and disruption on teams and personal lives
Return to work flexibility.
feedback from a higher level on work people are doing
I cannot fairly answer this question as I have only been with the company one month.
Update the archaic hiring/promotion system you have, it promotes favoritism and inconsistencies with roles. Have people in charge that will address the real problems going on. The coaches do well, above them I have doubts.
Bring back GIFs in teams! In a world where we rarely if ever get to see our coworkers GIFs brought levity to IMs and were a more natural "water cooler" talk that is sorely missed.
Site SLTs should create and cater time for employees to channel their thoughts and feedback.
I think to hire people specifically for certain (paperwork/equipment/storage) side tasks which make work slow and stressful. For exapmle maybe think of investing in a smart storage system with QR codes or something.
Make it very soon possible to work in the office again (in a safe way).
Develop and promote people who display appropriate leadership behaviours.  Find ways to encourage senior leaders (across all functions) to lead in a way that is more theory Y.  Utilise marking schemes for TA competitions that take into account all aspects of the assessment and experience to guard against bias in decision-making. Decisions in Carlow are based on relationships rather than evidence, this is problematic IMO. Greater governance of performance management, clarity in expectations, regular feedback, etc.  Encourage managers to use basic work force planning and task allocation tools.
Drive efficiencies in everything we do.  We could be so much better if we didn't spend a significant amount of time working through corporate processes.
I love this company, love my team, and have never felt better.  The company could always benefit from constant training of leaders to teach them to be dynamic, empathetic, and supportive. Leaders don't have to be the smartest person in the room but the sure need to be the able to lift up, hire, empower, and unite those that they hire.
Less rules and paperwork in order to control everything
Keep innovating. Set the trend and strive to be the place people want to work at. Similar to how people say they want to work for a place that operates like Google.
Flexibility
Respectfully, I take the opportunity to share my thoughts . . .Sometimes I hear colleagues saying that we don't have the resources that we need to have discussions with our customers that are compelling to them because Merck is too conservative.  I don't agree.  Based on my experience, my perception is that AEs do not have resources needed because Merck is not investing enough in the resources (human, time, innovative materials) needed to develop and get materials on a timely basis.  There are other pharma companies more conservative than Merck, but more agile and fast to provide materials relevant to customers, and they are following rigorous PRT processes as well.   The question is... Is Merck aware of what the competition is doing to be agile in providing HQ approved materials that are relevant to the population based decision makers, while following rules and regulations? Is Merck willing to invest more on it?
Make sure a department has all the resources needed to accommodate all the projects they are asked to support.
More focus and transparency succession planning and communication around potential to employees
Merck and MSD need to execute the plan / strategies approved by LT.
I would like managers to realize the potential that each employee has, I also think that diversity and inclusion is a bit forced, at least with the LGBTQ + population I think there are also other diversity groups that they should take into account
Empower folks to make changes at the appropriate level without specific high-level leaders becoming the sole gate-keeper for any change.
Work life balance is non existent, being a production plant, had to work through the current covid pandemic on site and only get a once off payment, unlike other pharmaceutical's. The attidude is get it done NOW, we`ll sort out the procedures later.
Despite the contact re-organizations, decision making and deployment of resources to achieve the work is still cumbersome and slow.  Insufficient recognition for the impact of QSIP and the time it is taking to deploy and transition on both run the business and project resources.
- Increase flexibility to have decision making power at the right level - increase site involvement in above site programs
In the sales and marketing organization in the US, start to take some risks when it comes to marketing messages and customer engagement.  Specifically in field sales update on Field Policy 3.  Other competitors do not have limits on the number of FFMs per HCP per year and still allow for alcohol during dinner programs.
MSD has invented many good drug for patient
I feel HR is an impediment rather than a resource; there is very little support for managers from HR to facilitate teams, salaries etc need to fit within certain bands and a discussion about a (well-deserved) raise is impossible - suggestions are made team member should look elsewhere if they want to be paid more. Which is true by the way, all other companies pay better than MSD. Through all divisions I see and feel leadership has changed to empowerment and ownership, except for HR, where people still seem to be ticking boxes and completing priorities.
Support Apple better. Bring back GIFs to Microsoft teams..be more technology friendly. The way technology is embraced currently is only by people who are already tech savvy and not necessary by a Merck promoted culture
Planning and communication in integration projects.
Improve the balance of work/personal life of each worker.
I think MSD is a wonderful place to work, the managers are incredible concerned about people health and wellness
Collaborate with colleauges
Implement diversity and inclusion spirit Give real opportunities for promotion of employees
Make more workers permanent ,rather than keep hiring contractors. We train these people then they leave after the contract is up. They take all our valuable training to other company's.
The Discovery organization should focus at accelerating the pipeline by streamlining team structures and appointing team leaders from all discovery sites to lead programs.   So far it is continuing strategies that have not demonstrated to provide value and discourage cooperation among the various functional areas.
Remove barriers/bureaucracy (really do it, just don't talk about it).  The day-to-day work hasn't improved in the last 2 years
Its  great company to work for, especially when you have young kids but since i have older kids, i feel like i am being disadvantaged at this time?
Continue with the work on the Ways of Working and moving from silos to network.  Focus on MPS training for all levels and shop-floor and continue with the Safe by Choice cultural change.
Continue to keep Merck an enjoyable place to be. There is no feeling like waking up and enjoying your job.
I would like to see more diversity in higher postitions. I think our company would benefit greatly from having more men, women, and gender non-binary individuals at higher level positions. This allows for more advocacy for changes in healthcare that may not otherwise be thought of if a representative of that group is not in the right position to initiate change.   I would like to see Merck and MSD help with the gender/racial pipeline in STEM at the secondary school level. By doing this we can help foster the minds of youth in underrepresented communities who may not have envisioned themselves in a STEM career. I think holding a "Science Saturday" or mini Summer camp at a local school will aid in underrepresented youth's self-efficacy in STEM. By doing this we can play a role in the development of a young scientist who will in turn remember who exposed them to science and Merck/MSD becomes their why I love science, creating a generation of young people striving to invent for life.
Continue to encourage a teamwork atmosphere and value all contributions....all while delivering new and current products to improve the lives of individuals and well-being of society at large.  This is the main reason why I want to work here and I feel Merck is an important enabler for these improvements.
Continue working on new technological solutions to take the clinical trials to the patient rather than the other way around to ensure high enrollment and great data
continue the great support for employees, remote working, flexibility and providing tools/resources and training for employees to perform their work and stay current.
Continue doing the DEI work and examining the healthcare disparities among black and brown communities.
Continue with efforts that were introduced during the Pandemic that support the wellbeing and job satisfaction of staff and that have been generally well-received by staff.  Continue to innovate and pioneer new ways of working and new product/service offerings. Identify and support innovative ways to enhance the corporate brand at market level.
Focus on patients and providers and less focus on politics and social issues.
I would like to see skip-level meetings offered.  It is important for the company to provide two-way unfiltered access and communications to what is going on in the organization.  I know they have been offered in the past but have not seen them offered in years.  I think there can be improvements in onboarding/training for employees when ask to perform new roles.  Also, I would like to see more emphasis creating a work-life balance when resources are constrained.
The company needs to realize that when people are off they do not need to be bothered. Over the audit I saw many people who were scheduled to be off constantly being called to be questioned about stuff interrupting their time off. Several cancelled family vacations and a lot stayed here 12+ hrs each day for almost two weeks and I haven't heard the first thank you from senior leadership. The staff that has been working on these projects for the audit need to be recognized and thanked. I understand it was an important audit but we also need to be aware of what people give up to be here for the success of the company. I feel like the company sometimes puts them first before family. This is a huge issue for me.
Add more fitness opportunities such as gymnasiums ( weight lifting, treadmills, aerobics) ect..
Evaluate the work  and challenges of my work area.
Continue to invest to the people and support employees during these difficult times
I love my job and the team that i work with. I can see we are on the right path
Merck and MSD is already doing an excellent job in delivering on their mission. However, in order to take the company to an even better place, checking on the mental health of the employees, especially in the midst of the pandemic, as frequently as possible, is of utmost importance. It is important to ensure that each group has enough number of employees and enough resources to handle their workload. Also, prioritization of the workload (based on impact) along with finding effective ways to distribute the workload uniformly among the employees, are required.
1-Computer and software problems waste our time 2-Employees who leave their employer voluntarily cite inept upper-level managers as the top reason for leaving. People also said they left because of a lack of career growth potential (13 percent) and little or no recognition of accomplishments (10 percent).  We have all three problems -- in same order! Improve management norms and accountability. Promote real time management tools for career development and advancement. Improve recognition in exec and team mtgs, communications, etc. Of 17 factors in deciding to leave their jobs, over a quarter said their perception of managers being inept was the primary motivator for quitting. Managers were cited for poor communication, being overly critical and petty, taking credit for their employees' accomplishments, being unclear in giving direction, rudeness and a general lack of support and performance feedback.
Be more transparent and honest with employees. Policies and procedures can be put in place to minimized certain actions against employee, however the reality is that implementation and enforcement is another story. Today the topics is diversity however is executed in an unfair manner, promoting and hiring just because of the color of your skin, friendship or gender is still discriminating to those who does not has similar characteristics.  Education, Knowledge and Experience should be key for hiring and promoting employees.
Make sure that there are enough resources available to perform our job. Improve in R&D pipeline, and make sure that we are investing in innovative projects
(Not applicable for my specific team and management but this is feedback I receive from others during EBRG events.) Encourage more EBRG engagement.  There are still many managers that do not allow or encourage EBRG engagement. Managers also do not celebrate or acknowledge engagement. I also believe that in order for Merck to demonstrate a real commitment to EBRGs, we should have a tab on the SYNC page for EBRGs and not just a D&I link burried in a side menu. Many people do not know about EBRGs globally or even how to sign up. There should be a main EBRG tab on the sync page to really advertise our commitment.
Continue to respect all employees opinions and give them the flexibility to manage both work and personal life
Give us the ability to make change. We are overloaded with policies and procedures that make it very difficult to make change. A lot of great ideas are pushed aside due to the inability to make the change and also not having the proper resources to make the change. Either streamline the system or get more resources so that changes can be made. We improve this company if we cannot make change.
Evaluate work life balance, email volumes and logged in times of teams
better understanding with regards to work/life balance.
Listen to the voice of the people - quiet a lot of managers seem stretched presently
Increase compensation (huge disparities within organizations) Identify and Promote a more diversity.
A common company name.
I am concerned that depts. without lab based employees are going to be ENTIRELY remote indefinitely.  I understand that there is an opportunity to give employees increased flexibility in work arrangements and covid has shown that we can work remotely much more than in the past.  This is good.  But I would not be happy working entirely from home without ever seeing my team members.  There are gains in efficiency and productivity that will be lost if we don't begin reconvening in the office together at regularly cadenced intervals once it is safe to do so.  It is not enough to offer employees a touch down space on site, if there are no other employees from their dept. on site at the same time.  A plan must be developed to regain the benefits of being on site again regularly, while also offering employees the advantages of more flexible work arrangements which covid has proven can be successful.
Continue to push diversity in upper management so younger employees see a model to strive too, and add more diverse perspective to strategic development and conversations.   Evaluate compensation planning to combat the pull from competitors looking for the experienced workforce in the area.
Reach out to the employee and have a personal discussion regarding of things to improve, regarding employee wellbeing
hire additional people. I need help in my department. A lot of people left because restructuring.
Colleagues lack of opportunities to move up in the career path. Should create more opportunity for colleagues
Senior MRL management needs to align with other divisions within the company on work from home flexibility, and not to be overly concerned on time spent in office providing work is being done to high quality and levels seen pre-pandemic. Post pandemic, having policies supporting work / life flexibility will be incredibly important to attract talent and minimize attrition.
It's very important to hear what people says and feels about workload. Worklife balance is not the same in all the Therapeutic areas (i.e. Oncology vs the rest of TAs), at least in my department and this has a negative impact on the employee's performance. It would be great if Managers and Leadership teams pay more attention to these differences and create a more equal enviroment. All of us would like to participate in initiatives or projects that contribute to our professional development and networking but the ones who are overwhelmed never finhd the room to be engaged in these opprtunities wich add more frustation. This apart from the fact that there is less time to balance and support the family needs nowadays with the kids with homeschooling.
Consider work from home full time now that we have seen it works.
Continue to listen to employees; allow for diversity of thought and perspective.  Allow for people to continue feel empowered.
Make sure your managers and DCO’s walk the talk not just say it and if they don’t mean your personal well being is a priority then don’t pretend because its the “right thing to say”.
Allow more time for work at work with less meetings/metrics to allow employees to achieve a work life balance.  Narrow down all the metrics to a few KPIs that are attainable and able to be focused on and that really capture the health and success of the sites.
Concerned most about work life balance
more and regular culture building opportunities so the days do not feel like a grind
Streamline procedures and processes to simplify work flow.   Every month that passes someone or some group is adding complexity to systems which are really just impediments to effective work.   I would also like to see the Company's senior management focus on our direct mission to our customers and patients and avoid entanglements with the country's politics.   We seemed to be more interested this year in addressing the voter laws in Georgia than in developing a useful Covid-19 vaccine.
Continue to work on reducing bureaucracy, internal meetings, email churn and focus more externally  Invest more in workplace to make it healthy and fun to be at the office  Study alternative work models and offer some options around reduced working hours, days or job sharing
Understand and respect work life balance. Leadership priorities are based on product supply and the team's mental health is not taken into consideration. Teams are currently overworked with no additional resources.
Provide more resources for departments that support me, I am seeing others work load that is too much to complete what they are helping me with in a timely manner
Insufficient office space is a legitimate problem. I understand COVID restrictions reducing the amount available, but not having an adequate space to perform my work has hindered my productivity.
Practice what we preach. We have zero communication, which in turn, impacts the safety of my operators. We have zero resources to help us and we have been begging for support since November when MES was implemented. We just need to be heard and have our suggestions and input utilized.
Fix your AIP. I'm saying this here because I have nowhere else to say it -- I worked from early July through March straight, with a total of 2 weekend days off (so worked every weekend during that period other than 2 days, and worked through Christmas and Thanksgiving). I did this because I was highly committed to delivering value and reducing risk to Merck via my first-in-kind project -- this project was a not a slam-dunk with 100% assurance of success. I executed both tangibly and directly, saving $$$ for one technical resource, and making sure my project ran without risk & ahead of schedule. As such, it didn't have most of the drama that many projects at Merck seem to have. This was a mistake - as a result, my reward for this level of commitment was a mid-level AIP grade. This is not about me (I know I outperformed) and it's not about my managers either (there were so few slots available that their hands were tied too). I'm a retention risk now & taking my talent with me. Good luck.
Keep challenging and evolving how things are done to find innovative ways to improve efficiency and deliver value to our stakeholders (patients, governmental institutions). Do not fear failure because we could all learn from what went wrong, that is the way to innovate and evolve.
Add more resources
It is a great place to work. Leadership needs to hold functional leaders accountable for scope creep that is the biggest driver of resource consumption in unexpected ways.
No comments, i have flexibility, challenging work, diversity all around, great pay and working with dedicated smart people. Thanks for asking.
Continue to work on retaining the great talent we have within our company.
prioritize in critical few goals and better alignment of goals/projects within/accross divisions.
While I am completely sympathetic and understand the need to control expenses at Merck we routinely have across the board targets while also being expected to deliver faster and more accurately than ever.  These cuts while necessary put an extreme amount of pressure on employees who are already overworked.  When a company says we care about our employees which I believe to be sincere and then that company makes financial decisions that put additional stress on people, it can be perceived as hypocritical.
Competitive contracting and quality based commercial offers are essential to remain relevant in the current environment.
Continue to acquire promising assets in pipeline, remove barriers that slow down our work and improve employee work life balance.
Providing employees better equipment (e.g. faster computer) and reducing hurdles in getting equipment to work from home.
Continue to encourage flexible work arrangements even after the pandemic/quarantine has ended, encourage more hiring of R-track FTE's with highest degree of BS/MS rather than just PhD's
Merck is still a great place to work, but the subject matter and disease state training is very different then it was 20 years ago and that I feel that affects our ability to deliver on our mission.  There is considerably less training for the rep then there was in the past and I think that lowers the quality of the sales force.  It takes longer to produce these high quality people, but the long term effects are huge, as is the credibility of the company.  Customers have said they see us giving more of a marketing message as opposed to a clinical one. Very different image then the Merck reps of years past.
Decouple financial rewards (pay raises, etc.) from promotional cycle.   Promotions are limited during the course of one's career at Merck but rewards shouldn't be.
More motivational activities
Focus on informed decision making but not churn. Also focus on level-appropriate discussions.
The re-organization of desk workspaces to where you are now sitting on top of co-workers with no physical barrier is not conducive to a safe work environment-either physically or mentally.
Review the "actual" duties of each position and remove obstacles to speed execution of core tasks.
The workload needs to be made more even across the Teams.  More training needs to be provided to allow people to progress and learn new skills.
Ensure proper staffing to perform work.  Sufficient offerings of instructor lead courses to help get new hires trained in order to get access to critical systems so they can contribute to the team.
Merck is just such a hard place to work! It is so difficult to get resources approved, innovation to take place.  The legal review process is broken and I continually hear there isn't enough PRT time - which doesn't solve the issues of needing timely resources.  Additionally, USMA needs it's own pathway to get proactive resources approved.  Overall, our bureaucracy and low risk tolerance continues to put us at competitive disadvantages.
When it comes to departmental decisions, those in higher administration roles are the ones making the calls that will affect everyone under them. These decisions don't affect these administrators but can have drastic affects on the work life of those in the department. I would like to see major decisions take into account the thoughts of the employees who will actually be doing the work, not just some shit rolls downhill and we're at the bottom and have to deal with it type of mentality. I've experienced this personally multiple times across a couple different roles within the company.   The Company has a terrible habit of polishing turds, ie, fixing problems with band aids instead of permanent solutions. This causes great limitation with the work that needs to get done. An example would be that some buildings do not have the infrastructure to allow for some of the ideas that the higher ups are pushing onto those working under them but the lower level employees have to deal with it.
We have to focus on portafolio refreshment, with effective launches.  Bussines Unit Managers with focus on their areas.
Provide appropriate training and access to programs which people need to perform their jobs.  Too much time is currently spent digging for information on how to do somethings or obtain access to certain programs.  Simple tasks such as ordering supplies or finding a critical document are cumbersome.  I feel that my time at Merck has been filled with trying to get answers for questions that should've been covered in NEO and that there are rarely clear paths forward for tasks that were easy at other facilities.
Clearly communicate anticipated changes coming with the turnover in leadership.
Merck needs to be competitive in terms of wages and benefits. Leaders also need to walk the talk. There is a lot of discussion of being a data driven organization, however it is not always clear that employees that consistently exhibit strength in these areas are valued by Senior Leaders.
Compensation
Honest and unbiased leadership that instill a culture of teaching over reproaching.
Ensure there are enough trained and capable people in each group to perform their roles successfully.  There are a lot of moving parts at our site and we need to make sure we have to appropriated qualified employees for the role.  Pulling resources from other groups only delays their job/tasks to get completed
SALAR needs to see more testimonials of people whom our hard work has touched.  Forwarding on letters, inviting survivors to speak to us, or any positive information that can be shared with us would raise morale and ultimately remind us that our efforts in the lab/animal rooms don't go unnoticed.
The company should bring the salary at least to the average of the salary range and not keep it in the lower value, which could demotivate talented people and force them to move to another company. It should also promote a more work-life balance.  Company should also invest in best technology equipment and platforms to the employees for a better support of their work activities and to better enable the digital transformation. If the computer is always blocking, the server is slow, that impacts not only the employee performance but also the company. It should exist also a better company change control when some IT updates are performed and how they impact the current systems. The company should also promote a better visibility of its structure and the roles within the company across divisions since that would promote more collaboration and enhance moving from silos to network way of working.
I think the flexibility that we have been given to work from home since the pandemic started should remain in place even once the pandemic ends.  It has given employees the opportunity to spend more time with family since they no longer had to commute everyday.  It would also give people an option to maybe live further away from the office than they previously would have which could be a tremendous cost savings for employees since Rahway is located in a very expensive area of New Jersey.  Pre-pandemic, there were very strict guidelines about working form home which only seemed to be for our department.  It was only allowed 1 day a week, but when I would speak to people in other groups, they did not have the same strict guidelines.  As a manager, I want to be able to continue to give my employees the flexibility to work from home more than one day a week and I want to be able to do the same.  It has been working well for over a year now and I really hope they continue to be flexible.
LM leadership teams need to work on communicating and working with others, especially in Europe.  Small groups of individuals are making poor decisions regarding very large financial commitments and repeatedly getting it wrong.  It's costing the company hundreds of millions in bad investments.
Embrace remote work. Working from home as a permanent option for non-lab based employees is key to attracting the best talent and to D&I – which Merck has a renewed focus in. Remote work allows new mothers who can't or don't want to pay the exorbitant costs for childcare to work, as well as those with physical or mental disabilities who work best in their safe space. Remote work allows people the opportunity to work from a setting where they will thrive, which is a key component to a truly diverse and inclusive work force. Having a remote option allows Merck to reach talent in other areas of the country, which not only increases the companies diversity of talent, but benefits remote regions where good jobs are needed. Working remote benefits the environment. Office buildings emit hundreds to thousands of tons of CO2/year, in addition to commuting. Working remote shows you truly care about people – not just imposing an archaic hierarchical corporate power dynamic.
Continue to focus on communication and transparency
Being more flexible about home working once the pandemic is over.
Needs to work with the work and life balance. And provide more Operators Regular position to avoid the turn over.
Training on MSD programs Visibility of products we make - every employee should know what MSD make and support Career development plans - progression paths visible Team building exercises  Support time for improvement projects
Acknowledge differences in cultures between countries and companies within Merck and MSD and try to make processes and procedures less complex.
For me, since Merck is a great workplace, I am very grateful for the job opportunity that they have given me in the years that I have been working at the company.
less politics. more focus on the business results
I believe the company needs to channel more information and communications flow between the major divisions (including HH, AH, MAHI etc.) so that we can leverage best practices across the organization, understand the Company's priorities and businesses and align our own approach & work accordingly. Although I acknowledge we have made a lot of progress in Ways of Working, I do still see silos and pockets of standalone workings. Key information is still closely guarded and resides in the hands of a few key folks - this does not make it easy to share best practices and leverage past work.  Decision-making in some areas quite bureaucratic and not transparent. While I am pointing out to what further can be done, I have to acknowledge that I truly enjoy working for Merck and MSD and think of it as one of the best places one could work for!!
do not start too many initiatives
Offer the best coffee in town!
Identification and retention of high value employees would further support the goals of delivering on our mission.
there should be more attention placed on the health, stress and well being of employees and less focus on new initiatives and pushing more work. There is an extreme underlying stress as a result of COVID, peoples lives have changed drastically with family, children, and work balance, some folks have not been able to see loved ones for a long time.  Some families are split with one person working at home and one on site straining folks more with responsibilities at either location, not necessarily a benefit or a choice for those.  As productivity and through put has tremendously improved we need to ensure we take the right kind of time to let people know they are valued, safe, and appreciated.  At the same time from a work performance perspective there is a strong initiative to hold folks more accountable for their actions further exacerbating the feeling of unrest and job security in the hourly ranks.
Provide Job opportunities in other countries including Visa arrangements
Increase diversity and continue to engage with employees at every level to determine items that need to be addressed.
I understand that you should make it clear how we are doing and what we must do to get to the results.
Equal opportunities for advancement and rewarding those that are passionate in their area of focus (e.g. SME's)
More opportunities for field employees to work remotely for what used to be “HQ” positions in order to advance their careers.  Continue to make diversity and inclusion a priority in all areas of the company.
We need more ice cream..
RE-EVALUATE TOOLS TO KEEP THE ONES THAT ARE VALUE AGREGATED TO OUR JOBS AND LEVERAGE THE QUANTITY OF MEETINGS AND RESPECT CALENDAR AVAILABILITY
The Leadership team has to work with the employee working in the field.
A realistic look at timelines rather than last minute changes to expected due dates. I believe this will reduce pressure and increase moral
Consider the workload people have, we know MSD considers the well being of employees, but deliverables and priorities have not slowed down. Also, to be part of an agile culture, there are still too many processes and procedures that need to pass through legal, compliance and finance that take longer than expected
Obtain ways tp find and keep skilled help,
Empower employees
Watch D&I messaging to the company. Diversity of thought, demographics, gender, and culture provide a fantastic competitive edge for this company. However, we are starting to overprioritize certain groups and overlook people in this company who may not be diverse or have been loyal to the company.  We need to push boundaries and hire the best and brightest people and be equal members of this great company. But it's starting to feel a bit too much based on the messaging. The messaging seems that we are no longer valuing those who are here or aren't diverse. It needs to come across to instill collaboration and show how Merck is setting trends in the industry, instead of a mandate in which we alienate our peers.  For background, I am a key talent white male, I am proud to work for Merck because of its focus on diversity. However, I am seeing the messaging is being lost (and even backlash in my dept) which opens it up to negativity rather than positivity.
Hire more people to help the work life balance of current staff
Continued fostering and promotion of a speak up culture at Merck and MSD as not just a flavour of the moth, but something that becomes embedded on our everyday mindset and actions in the same way that Safe by Choice has become, and that by speaking up, there are no repercussions (as long as it is not personal to other employee (s)).
In MMD, finish the work begun to update the QMS.  It is so disjointed right now to have the Quality manual in pieces for so long.  Continue to support families working from home.
Ensure that there are enough resources in a team to perform tasks safely and timely within the working day. Promote development opportunities such as external courses and ways to upskill using new technologies.
Better focus on employee resources and retainment
Greater consistency between MMD and corporate standards.
Merck should work to support diversity and inclusion, not just with workshops and trainings but also with hiring practices. It seems there are very specific types of leading candidates for open positions with little room for flexibility and perusing different types of candidates.
Work with the people development plans
Need a genuine focus on work life balance for colleagues.
Continue this path
Improve the hiring/promoting process. Difficult to retain personnel when promotions only occur by applying for a new position. Reduction in retention time reduces production and safety through a loss of knowledge.
Salary increases
My biggest frustration is our CEO pushing his political views down on the employees in an almost accusatory manner that we are racial.  He was not there making these comments when women were treated so poorly only a short time ago. I also don't appreciate him taking his statements to the press and social media as the overall companies views.  I believe our stock suffers every time he makes his political statements as the leader of "Merck".  Business and politics need to be separate.  The company employees as a whole do not feel safe to speak up about this since it will be taken the wrong way and our jobs will be on the line.  I have worked here for 30+ years and employees as a whole are not racially drive.  The actions of the last few years, I feel, have placed an awkwardness in the organizations.
Simplify process
Promote communication across all levels of the company from entry level to upper management to improve the continuous improvement process of the business. Make it easier to point out common problems and share ideas for solutions across divisions and manufacturing sites.
1. Assure that everyone is pulling there own weight 2. Quit micromanaging areas and let the 1st line manager take care of their areas. 3. Better relationship between Operations and Maintenance 4. less My Learning classes, Its impossible to read and retain all of the procedures 5. Let the employees grow from within the facility and promote from within the plant when possible
continue supporting all the activities of D&I and the connectivity between teams
Ensuring adequate resources are available to meet delieverables. This will also ensure a work life balance for members of the project.
Actively prioritize strategic initiatives.  It feels like everything is a priority.  Most initiatives are highly complex and many are interdependent on each other, stretching resources across too many workstreams rather than sequencing work to build strong foundations.  Too many meetings prevents ability to get the work done and requires significant work on evenings and weekends, deteriorating work/life balance.  Also, consider optimizing the use of agile teams or principles.  Many teams are "agile" now and the overhead of ceremonies every two weeks fills up calendars and limits the time for productive work.  Agile is good but needs better balance.
I think, the company needs to be ready to react when COVID-19 restrictions are lifted, we have had a long period of being isolated from other teams. I think we need to reconnect on a social basis with our colleagues/friends as soon as possible.
Listen to both sides of the argument.  Or better yet, please keep this corporation stay out of politics.  The US is divided along political lines, so taking a side is problematic. Your employees are divided as well (on both sides). My advice is: Just stick to the science (which we are good at) and do not criticize people that do not see it the way you do. Those that do not take vaccines is NOT evil. They may be waiting to get more data and should not be stigmitized or forced take part in health passport.  Your health is your choice. We are about helping people (not turning ppl away). George Merck's mission is what we should focus on, rather than any concept that is vogue by main stream media (eg BLM, critical race theory).
Continue to collaborate and value the opinions of others.
Post pandemic, allow employees the flexibility/balance to continue to remote work and/or in person. A balance between both is necessary vs. the pre pandemic state of full in person. There is also a need to bring back company culture derived from in office atmosphere.  The people interaction is a benefit to well being.
I think there is a huge opportunity for rotational program that would provide talented employees a development opportunity to learn more parts of the business.  I feel it is critical that our leaders have the understanding of the pressures, demands and processes other departments face (operations, finance, legal, procurement, marketing, sales).  This does not mean that each person needs to be an expert, but having a sense of awareness not only will result in greater efficiencies but it will also bring a greater compassion and understanding for the "why" behind decisions.
Continue to empower collaboration and individualism
Listen to the feedback given at all levels and react appropriately to that feedback
The responses to the previous 30 questions may seem mixed and serve to present an image that I do not know what I feel/am talking about without any sense of consistency.  Let me frame the issues correctly: My direct supervisor and building leader do a good job of coaching, inclusion, and presenting an atmosphere of making us successful.  I enjoy working for them.  It is Merck at the higher level that fails its people in support of this.  It is my experience that the systems and people in place, from the support teams that execute trouble tickets for myLearning, ADP, ordering supplies, learning/development, and more, remove my ability as a manager to effectively execute my job.  The company puts a soul crushing amount of roadblocks in the way of success for its M1 level managers and should take a serious look to see if the systems of checks, balances, and support it puts in place helps them, or cripples their ability to be successful.
Treat all team members as true team members that are contributing to over all success of the ogr.  No one work group is better/worse or more/less contributing/enabling each others success.  Show said equality through equal support with enabler
Ensure that work/life balance isn't something we just 'talk about' - ensure that senior leaders instill this in managers, actually EMBED this into our cultures, and model this at all levels within the organization. This is especially true for orgs that have employees based all over the world, and therefore are forced to accommodate early morning and/or late night meetings due to time zone differences of colleagues, etc. I'm SO tired of senior leaders saying that they understand the need for work/life balance but do nothing to take work out of the system and/or shift priorities to make this a reality for employees. Also - further expand paid time off for maternity leave for women in the US!
Recognize the contributions of those who work behind-the-scenes, not just those who contribute or present end-point data.
Continue to invest in digital systems to streamline tasks and provide easier access to information.
New vaccine strategies and platforms
I feel once the pandemic is over we still need to be careful about everyone's health and safety. I believe vaccination is critical and perhaps we could offer it at the worksite if people still need to be vaccinated. I further believe working remote should continue as we have had to prove we can get out jobs done and it was a good way of handling the Work / Life Balance.
I believe the company is doing well in all facets of business.
We need to challenge ourselves in the manufacturing side to be better in COGs.
Prioritize work
Train leaders on how to be good partners and champions for change and not micromanage intiatives.  We are not vendores and are partners in getting the work done.  Train technically talent people who are promoted to lead with human skills/soft skill training and development.
Competitive Compensation Packages, Breakdown the siloes and barriers, Streamline the processes and reduce approvals/red tape, alignment between divisions - each division feels like a different company!
be more open to new ideas. streamline the business processes
Continue to connect what we do to the patient.  Patient success stories drive home that message and are motivating to all employees.    Be critical and hold accountable all levels of the organization in implementing the ways of working, often at the working level teams follow these principles but the leadership of these organizations can hinder the team effectiveness if they do not also embrace the behaviors, especially from silos to networks.
Ask Leaders to stop making social and political statements that do not pertain to the business.  I would also like to  see defined paths for promotions/advancement
I feel that company leadership has shown a strong response to racial injustice in the USA but has failed to point out racial injustice in other parts of the world.  Why hasn't company leadership publicly denounced the Chinese government for their treatment of the Uighur Chinese and other ethnic and religious minorities in China?  The treatment of these minority people groups in China is horrible and has been well documented by several international organizations including our own US State Department.  I believe that by MSD publicly denouncing the treatment of these minorities in China it would help bring worldwide corporate pressure on the Chinese government to stop the mistreatment of these minorities.
It has been said that nothing gets rid of a good employee faster than tolerating a bad one.  There are no rewards for a job well done, and no punishments for a poorly done job.  The prevailing believe at this site is that fair means the same thing as equal.  How much can someone be incentivized to do a great job year after year when you know that you can only get top marks in your year end evaluation once every three years?  All you have to do is wait for your turn.
LA BUROCRACIA ES MUY MUY MUY FARRAGOSA.  ESCUCHAR  AL PERSONAL QUE TIENE QUE REALIZAR EL TRABAJO Y  CONTAR CON ESE PERSONAL PARA PLANEAR COMO  HACERLO MUCHA JERARQUIA, MUCHOS MANDOS INTERMEDIOS IDEAS POCO CLARAS PARA QUIEN TIENE QUE EJECUTAR
Delivery on diverse pipeline of drug candidates, and develop diverse culture to allow the company to succeed.
Continue to work to remove wasteful and or complex systems
Continue to work towards the Ways of Working and Fortify the Future goals that adhere to improving the health and well being for the company and the world at large. Also periodically (maybe quarterly) review the metrics used to measure division success to see if allocated resources are being used effectively.
I feel we are forgetting George Merck original statement.  " We try never to forget that medicine is for the people. It is not for the profit"   It feels like political views are starting to steer this company. Can we focus on the product and let the world fight about the politics?
Research and implement and allow more technological solutions to perform more job functions, and from off site.  More off site working options to allow more work/life balance. We are doing great but can do more. Overall, I am very happy to belong to the Merck and MSD Family.
Keep working to treat every site as a one Merck, making accesible equal opportunities to all of them.
Be more up to date with cost of living differences between sites, as well as potential turnover due to competing companies in the area. Address the safety disconnect with lab staff.  Basic safety requirements are sometimes forgotten  - we need additional ways to educate and remind lab staff about these policies.
Better coaching for director and executive director level roles on how to appropriately coach their Associate Director, manager, and P3/P4 level employees, and how to lead and coach rather than "do".
Vaccine division should be specialty like Oncology.  We dive deeper into customer relations. More so than any other team yet we are not rewarded in our salary or bonus like oncology and we are a growth driver for the organization
Compensate on par with industry. Wide bands for same job role level
Continuing to rigorously partition the research and commercial sides of the work being done, thus preserving the intellectual integrity of the research work, will go a long way in making sure that Merck and MSD can be a great research institution in the future.
Be focus on Diversity, and home office opportunities
Continuous to be a diversity company (company that cares about everyone), encouraging and engage everyone to achieve the companies goal.
Decisions for processing and shop floor needs (equipment, supplies, PPE) need to have the right people in the room to make choices for future needs based on what the shop floor is actually experiencing and not what looks "good on paper".  EI, Technicians and SA's should be consulted and should have a very large part in the decision process.  If decisions are being made by personnel who never, rarely, hardly, "often" visit the shop floor they are not aware of the difficulties that their decisions (without real input) can place on the shop floor.  This can add a lot of unnecessary time, recourses, injuries, etc that could be avoided when getting the correct opinions/facts/experiences from the people that actually have to experience changes on the floor.
1. Provide a road map for development and advancement. 2. Have a public forum for 'gigs' or other opportunities, other than workday or delve, maybe in the B53 corridor.
To value individual contribution and appreciate loyal and dedicated employees with good working record.
I honestly cannot think of anything else that would make Merck an even greater place to work.
Merck needs to work towards better management that make concrete decisions and have a better understanding behind what the decisions entail. Management needs to listen to employees and understand the maximum pressure/workload of the employees. Management has not made changes to ensure the work environment is cohesive. I feel that Merck has gotten away from the employees and needs to put the employees before the product, ultimately the employees are needed to get the product out the door.
Engineering resources to ensure close out of issues on the day. Engineering resources to allow to implement improvements, prototypes.
Continue to encourage all management to be approachable and open to input and ideas from team members in a way that empowers them to speak up and contribute
Let the field sales reps have live access to customers - perhaps create training/acknowledgement of risks and commitment to safe Covid practices.
There seems to be a lot of policies and procedures that create unnecessary hurdles to significantly change the way we work and improve efficiency. Also work towards to more in-line promotion to minimize turn over.
We should engage more through openly communicating the companies needs and goals this would reinforce peoples sense ofworth and value and place within the organisation.  People need to feel a sense of belonging so we must maintain a level of consistency throughout all levels so people feel they can get involved and will be listened to from any level within the organisation.
Merck is a great place to work for. I think the road blocks we face are mostly due to outside sources (ordering, construction on-site, etc) Nothing seems to be streamlined at all.
The Merck and MSD as a whole is a great company. It should keep doing what they do now like, Ways of Working, Inclusions, education around racial discriminations.  To bring more successes and future proof the business the company should be open to challenge the status quo and embrace new technologies.
High turnover of facilities staff makes me feel like they are undertrained, understaffed, overworked and are struggling to support our needs. If works are being done on our equipment (fridge alarm repair/testing) we have not always been notified and find ourselves unable to do planned work for the day.
The company could take more steps to actively be transgender-inclusive. Much of the language at our company reinforces the gender binary (e.g. using "he/she" instead of the singular "they" in our documentation). Additionally, all of the bathrooms that I'm aware of are either men's rooms or women's rooms, but there's no gender neutral alternatives for those that do not identify as a man or a woman. Finally, everyone's pronouns should be prominently displayed to encourage an environment in which transgender people do not need to "out" themselves by being the only ones with their pronouns displayed.
The culture of  "resistance to change" needs to be confronted and managed proactively from the very top of the organization so that all levels of management are held accountable to enact positive change. Also, our processes and systems have gotten so excessively complex that it is very difficult to identify where to improve things - everything is so intertwined. Finally, even with our complex processes, it is critical for all participants to buy into the process and trust their colleagues to do their part well. If this is done, the process will actually move forward more effectively and result in more efficient work, along with time and money saved as a result. People need to be supported to make decisions, follow the process, and help one another do the same.
Aside from the investments we need to keep making in R&D, we need to continue to have a voice on social issues as well.  This is a legacy that Ken leaves us with that I'm also most proud of.
Take people's feedback into account when developing global SOP in order to have better outcomes.
I should provide more information on the projects so that the staff get more involved and participate according to their abilities
Keep working on our culture and focusing on our people
Continue with efforts on customer centricity.
1) Please eliminate scheduled meetings on Fridays. When meetings are scheduled a few weeks in advance there is no need to schedule them on Fridays especially at 4 pm. Of course, if there is an urgent need it is reasonable to schedule meetings on Fridays.  2) When staffing is spread thin, please do not mandate a less than 15 week filing timeline. 3) Please increase staffing in regulatory function - people are really overworked and mistakes are being made.4) Please reconsider how many vertical layers of 'review' a document needs to go through. In many cases, the author makes a change based on a comment only to have to revise that change based on a comment made by a reviewer during a later stage. This leads to lots of extra work and redundancy.
Merck needs to be a better communicator of the value it brings to patients and communities, and be more vocal against uninformed negative communications. Our external communications are so poor, I want to see good stories in the news, I want the public to be more aware of the good that Merck does, because there is a lot of good but nobody knows about it except us
Embrace opportunities to change and improve the ways we do things, moving past practices that are still used simply because they're the ways we've always done things.
Reduce admin tasks. I feel that big part of what I do is not the actual *work*, but administration of everything; training to (unrelevant) SOPs, quality management (have we perfomed our tasks well), excess documenting... also the amount of emails is exhausting. I feel that big part of the information that comes to my email from regional/global level I just delete without reading because there's just no time to read those emails. Especially GMSA weekly communications letters are REALLY long and often 80 % of the content is not relevant for me. But, among those topics there are some that are really important to me so it takes a lot of time for me to go through the whole email and try to spot the ones that need my attention.
1- improve Compensation to match the same multinational companies  ( salary , daily allowence and car expenses ) 2- improve the career pathway and be more clear .
Work/act on personnel development and allow employees to have rotational opportunities across various functional groups. This will help retain personnel and build relationships/skillsets in the organization.
Continue to drive green initiatives and investing in small and minority businesses
1- Focus on delivering Expedition '25 (Protect, Build and Transform) 2- Don't leave out "Ways of working" - Purpose, Integrity and Ethics, patients focused and DI 3- Continue to pay attention to people's well-being needs and keep leadership behaviors "in-check"
More connection between the divisions, specifically GHH and MRL and between US and Global. So we feel more like one company and not many separate  divisions or groups. Keep a consistent strategy not keep changing our focus every two years.   Continue to allow us to work from home and have flexible working arrangements.
Keep the excellent job environment, keep the benefits that MSD provide to their employees
Would be better if we focused on our business and stayed out of the political swamp.  Can't show up as your authentic self  if the thought police are watching.
With the covid going on, it has been very difficult to find childcare. It would be a good idea if Merck had an onsite childcare facility or somewhere that supported Merck's employees and is available whenever Merck is open.
Needs fresh leadersdhip blood. Newer ideas. I believe that promoting people who have worked at MSD for a number of years into leadership roles is taking away the chance to move away from traditional thinking. While some leaders are good at adapting, others simply follow in footsteps of their predecessors which sometimes can be very limiting. A fresher approach at coaching mentoring could help them.
Focus.  We are struggling with the work volume, and we are running the risk that the Quality of our delivery will suffer.  The business still doesn't have a process to say "no".  When you do say no (when it is the right thin to do), our cultural "norms" still make you feel inadequate.    We do not have a culture where the above-site organization considers the sites to be their customers.
Learn and implement "agile" Ways of Working properly by understanding why certain practices in a methodology exists and learning quickly when certain ways are NOT working. Otherwise, fragmented implementation results in failure to deliver a quality product due too many Teams channels, disorganized projects that move quickly without focus, lack of prioritization, failure to communicate to stakeholders, and time wasted.
We need to actively work on the pressure points within our business giving our team members resources and tools to make their jobs easier.
Spend time to listen to employees in a personal conversation rather than through surveys.
Communicate interim thoughts on future of teams whose senior leaders depart.  External Benchmarking of job titles and bonus structures to be more competitive
Continue to allow flexibility in terms of remote work where it can be done.   Continue to provide employees resources on the current events happening nationally and internationally (i.e. Covid updates, Social Injustice platforms).   Provide job security.
More opportunities for upward mobility/advancement (e.g. promote in place)
increase salaries to slow down the outflow of workers and thus reduce the workload, get rid of wage inequalities
See comment in previous question regarding Open Space work and returning to work prematurely and having to wear a mask all day. Hoping we can return to work in a capacity that will allow us to be safe and also have privacy to conduct our regular meetings without being in an open environment.
Be bold to break out of its conservative mode; catapult employees with fresh ideas and different ways of looking at health conditions; embrace public health and D&I as part of the business; increase compensation to match what other companies are offering; use your political leverage to be at the forefront of change instead of reacting to it.
Jump to work virtually and support the employee
Stop creating barriers by trying to apply policies (safety, etc.) uniformly to different departments divisions; different departments with different goals have different needs and requirements.
Leverage and live MPS more in ExM - i think the managers and leaders in our organization should be leading MPS from the front whereas currently MPS is seen more for MPS persons -  I would like to see our Managers and leadership team do MPS and for them to share their successes and learnings from doing it. When people on their teams see this, this will help foster more MPS being undertaken.
Company and union (USW, West Point Site) need to address the contractual 10 year Tier pay system. Should go back to the 3 year Tier pay system. That would be considered "fair and Reasonable" from an employee point of view.
MSD has to be flexibility in procedures ,SOPs and approval procesessus  becasue MSD is recognized like no adaptable company in new farmaceutical business.
We need to focus on the work/life balance and acknowledge the stress that all of us are under.  Management states to take care of yourself, but yet we remain overloaded.  We need to establish ways of working that support a better way to handle life and family pressures.  I hear senior management talk about strategies to help (reduce meeting length, establish no meeting Fridays, etc.). They sound great, but they are never implemented at lower levels.
True diversity mindset and improve the qualifications and the  emotional intelligence of the management.
leadership team always mention about work life balance  but we still have receiving a lot of meeting, emails, a lack of planning of the activities.
Have a better incentive program that is more actively used by management along with tangible rewards for meeting production goals instead of just pressing ahead to the next goal without celebrating our achievements.
streamline governance.
Simplify the procedures.
listen to what the employees have to say.
Have more than two levels of sales representatives. Historically we ranged from Professional Representative all the way to Senior Executive. How can an individual with three years of experience have the same title as someone with 15+ Years who’s achieved Vice Presidents Award 4 or more times?
Promote flexibility  Recognize hard work
Strongly consider maintaining work at home - this has been a true life altering experience in that I'm able to better maintain a work-life balance, not to mention freedom from daily hour to/from commute to work.
Provide company wide recognition for those who have kept the company running over the past 12 to 18 months under very different and difficult circumstances. Support site needs more from the Global Centralised groups - instead of sites having to do their own thing - direction should come from the centralised groups as to the best way to do things and these should be rolled out company wide. Support more initiatives to make working with remote team more efficient - improved AV facilities on site for meetings with off-site personnel.
Please install mother friendly nursing rooms in the office.
Continue to look and better ways of working. Sometimes I feel like there are certain policies and procedures that hold us back from soi f our job
Continue to develop great products
Currently there is a cultural gap between the words we say we are and the "walk the talk." The company wants to be the “most innovative workplace in pharma industry” but people are to far away to be aligned with this mindset. Is very rare for regulators areas to co-create with business, solutions on how to innovate or implement a project, with a view focus on creating a path for the company to keep protecting it reputation and maintaining complaint but trying different ways. Normally “NO” is enough and questioning is not most welcome. "Services areas" does not demonstrate  accountability - and saving some exceptions - provides services to the business that really optimize time and add value, with quality and speed. Processes aren't documented or mapped, so areas of improvements, no need bureaucracy may be hidden into “blind spots”. I feel very embraced by my team and by my direct manager to keep on trying and make changes happening but the external environment are not that motivated.
Continue to support working parents and allow them to grow within the company, regardless of additional time & resource constraints outside of work.
Increased acceptance of working from home could allow more flexibility in school holidays, curriculum days etc.  Ensure part timers are treated like they are valued. I have had several comments about being "only part time", "you would never be considered for this position because you are only part time", "had meetings deliberately scheduled out of my work hours" by full timers to exclude me etc. I don't even report it any more as nothing was ever done. If you are part time being expected to do the same amount of work for less pay is not fare. With childcare expenses so high the pay rate needs to reflect expenses these days. Clearer career development for those that have at home responsibilities too. Value staff and try to retain them. Increase it is safe to speak up culture. Much better HR, return to work system needs a complete overhaul as it is a tick box. Genuine support for injured workers and those with children.
As Merck prioritizes D&I (which is good and right), please ensure the fair, equitable treatment of ALL employees, not just certain groups.
The facility support at WP needs improve. Work orders are not supported in a timely fashion
Allowing more opportunity for social virtual engagement on the district level and more Regional Point calls.  Engagement is needed now more than ever, since we are unable to meet for in-person district/regional meetings and most are 1-up territories.
I depth job training.
Continued focus on doing all it can to attract and retain the best possible people
Greater flexibility for meeting customer needs, whilst recognizing we need to align with audit, legal, and anticorruption etc policies we always seem to be acting reactively to what our competitors do rather than leading from the front.
The Shift Plan at Merck is neither family friendly or friendly to your health.
Have a better recruitment process for Management and staff. We find that some senior management have been in a role for far too long so it is really difficult to shift the culture. There is little to No consequence management on site. This is why people do as they please.WOrk ethic and culture is poor.
I am performing a role well above my designation and salary.  I am however, willing, able and happy to perform these duties as I love working at and for MSD.  With this in mind, it would be nice if my role was re-classified to reflect this.  As a whole MSD are very inclusive and supportive and always ensure we are happy, safe and satisfied at work.  Their commitment to focusing on our work/life balance is commendable.
Walk the talk. Give people autonomy in the broad sense of the word, align expectations and let them work. Do not ask them to do what you want the way you want. Better not to have teams and do everything on your own, your way. Be respectful, not creating false expectations and promises to keep people motivated. People are not naive to believe in promises that never become reality.
I think continue to invest in human resources and hire the correct people and retain the brightest mind. We have too many ADs and Ds but are they really bring up their game to drive the challengers, support their direct reports and making sense of business decision that is for the benefit of the company? Streamline processes and align globally where possible.
Merck must remove the "bell curve" performance review criteria.  Within the current review process there is no reward for exceeding expectations and no punishment for underperforming.  I lost my motivation to continue exceeding expectations after multiple years of receiving meets expectations performance reviews.  I can perform at a C- level and receive the same performance review as if I performed at a A- level.  The opportunities for promotion within my band are also very limited and my skillset and experience are not rewarded appropriately.  I feel that my opportunities for further development will likely be with a different employer. The Inspire program does not provide appropriately scaled rewards.  I have provided solutions to million dollar supply problems and been rewarded $250.  The voice of the shop floor is ignored.  MSD gathers teams of experts that take months to reach conclusions that were shop floor suggestions on day 1.  MSD is not moving from controlling to empowering.
Organize sharing of culture and lifestyle
ensure we have the legal, regulatory, compliance, privacy, etc. resources necessary to allow the company to innovate quickly and often
積極的なjob rotation
I feel our Company already focuses on future developments and an outlook to succeed, grow stronger and we have great staff in all area's that have the same goal in mind moving forward with a positive mindset
Foster innovation and open culture for speak up
There should be more customer focus mindset. We tend to be trapped in the processes and too much controls, that slows us down in engaging our customers to deliver on our mission. We should always consider customers perspective in order to provide value and great experience. Specific example is our slow adaption to digital platforms to engage our customers in their most preferred way/channel. Our scientific CMEs have also been too focused on compliance control rather than the objective of why we are doing the continuous medical education. We need to somehow balance controls and flexibility to meet external customers’ preference.
More simplification on processes and more focus on serving external customers rather than internal customers
Strengthen the assistance of the supply chain Product first-in-first-out execution
continue to support employee well being
team work and together towards the goals of company
Taking additional steps to support work life balance at all levels across Merck.
Allow employees to maintain balance between working in the office and at home even after the pandemic is under control.
Be clearer about our next 5 years. I think with Ken leaving and the new Dean LI we should have clearer outlook on the MRL plan and how that fits into the new MSD plan. Its too secretive right now
Choose the right managers that are qualified to lead the team. Managers should also learn how to support the team by understanding their day to day work, even routine ones. Digital implementations should be done properly with proper validations and qualifications, incorporating feedbacks/tryouts from end users before actual implementations.
Adopt lean processes in decision making. Discourage complex business systems/tools to allow people to focus on core GMP /critical work. One size does not fit all but in MMD most policies and procedures applied to ExN as is. ExN may be consulted but it may not be feasible to anticipate everything.
I like to work until retire
I think that MSD is doing the correct to be a great place to work.  I am happy to work in MSD.  It is the best company that I had worked.
We got a lot of local procedures and processes that would possibly reduce the speed of task delivery.
Ensure adequate resources to get all the work done.  Don't burn out your best emplyees!
It will be good to have a culture of psychological safety etc. where people will not judge the questions asked, or if someone doesnt know something.
Empower the employees to speak up their mind and be themselves, Be creative.  Invest in employee well-beings so that they would feel sense of belonging and ownership.
The pharmaceutical industry is getting more and more competitive, we are asked to do more/the same with less and more smartly, so how to maintain a highly efficient and high performing work force becomes more and more critical to stay ahead of the game. Merck does a good job rewarding high performers and key talent, however, it does not do a good job managing out poor performers. The HR rules and constraints make it such a high barrier for people managers to even try to manage out poor performers. It will be nice if the people managers are given tools and flexibility not only to reward high performing individual but also having the ability to manage out poor performers quicker and easier.
Continue to focus on diversity and inclusion and related topics, e.g., unconscious bias training.
protect its people by job security, more health benefits, higher salary increase, more resources to support marketing plans,
Do not freeze head count because the people who stayed will have to suck up the extra work
I enjoy working at Merck and think the corporate culture is supportive of professional and personal development. Managers push me outside of my comfort zone which is good for my growth.  From a business development perspective, I feel the success of the company is highly dependent on the commercialization of the oncology franchise. I think diversification would help reduce the risk.  Maybe consider collaborating with diagnostic/gene sequencing companies to accelerate personalize medicine.
A lot of time is spent in administrative tasks that are needed daily. (e.g. Dealing with overseas teams who do accounting it is extremely time consuming).   All this very time consuming tasks do not allow to focus on projects that make the role more exciting.  It gets overwhelming to try to deal with a very high workload and high expectations when so much time is spent on admin tasks.   Effective systems that actually work and cut the time a task takes time is required. We are constantly introduced to new tools that do not seem to help, but rather make the job more complicated. When you finally get used to the tool is time for a new one.  More human resource is required many roles were eliminated from the past and the workload of the people who stayed behind just increases constantly with no end in sight.   Acknowledging that the work loads are high  is not enough measurements have to be taken so that there is change as this does not contribute to a good work-life balance.
Maybe trying to include field staff (e.g. Technical marketing specialists)opinion and ideas in some leadership discussions.
I'm feel very good When work at company
A lot of work to accomplish but not enough resources and funding allocated to do things right results in poor quality/poor outcome; stressed out employees.  Support the employees with actions and not just messaging.
Management needs a better understanding of the contributions of their "working" managers.  In order to truly be successful, there needs to be insurance of adequate resources in order to perform in a safe, compliant manner that is good for our employees, products, and our sites as a whole.
Guidelines on work life balance Address timezone challenges and create a norm
To improve efficiency in processes  To improve work life balance
1. More efforts need to be put to make sure everyone has clear line of sight to company mission and strategy and tie that to individual deliverables. This will bring more accountability and efficiency. 2. Also need to reduce intensity of communications from different channels like Function/Division/HR/Other Network Forums etc. which if looked collectively is overdone and consumes too much non-work related attention.
I join the company during COVID period and still to new to make comment at this point.
Pandemic response was quite lacking
Continue on Patient care and Employee strong support.
The work-life balance is tipped much more towards 'work'. This has gotten much more evident now that we are on a WFH environment. We understand the relevance and impact our work has on the patients, hence, it is hoped that we can improve on this aspect so as to manage the 'stress' levels experienced in the work environment. And, hopefully, to better manage the personal time that employees should also have to be refreshed and recharged.
Consistently review how competitive we are in terms of compensation.
to have flexible working hours as long as employee completed tasks within time given. This is because currently we are working from home and flexible working hours is really needed.
Higher level management being more supportive when an employee is going through some very devastating life crises.
keep a fine balance between maintaining standards and compliance and pursuing efficiency
need to recruit more staff for an easier work flow of the workplace
Ensure that all work groups have the equipment/resources to perform their jobs as well as several extras/replacements that can be used if and when current equipment has issues.   Better organization/planning even though being change agile is very important as well.
Continue to discover New Drugs to help the world to be a better place.
Not just listen to our voices but also take serious considerations and actions!
simplify compliance and reduce red tape/paperwork.  provide administrative and technical support so that we spend less time trying to navigate the system and more time doing what we are specialized to do
Distribute resources according to workload. Some areas receive few resources and this significantly impacts the workload and quality of work/life.
Work out guidelines on supporting home based employees so let them have a feeling of belonging of Merck & MSD.
Address the needs and aspirations of the next generation talent, to stay competitive and make Merck the place to be.
Value employees contribution, continue with focus on welfare of employees and continue with providing and producing innovative health solutions for our patients 9both human and animals)
Allowing certain extent of localisation and taking opportunities from local market
Every time we have asked about product pipe lines and future prospective of organisation however we have not received any answers about our future job security they only ask about performance.
In the last 1 year, the company has changed a lot, I understand that change is only constant but since the new MD joined people have started leaving the company because of the issue with MD on ways of working. The MD is started hiring people from his last organization on all head positions and now these new heads are really putting pressure on people and forcing them to work more than 12 hours and day. The new heads are humiliating people and not recognizing their effoerts. The current environment in the company is very toxic and it's scary to work in MSD now, you never know when your department may be changed and when you will be kicked out of the company. HR, Legal and other department knows everything but nobody is doing anything and that's how people started looking out.
More focus on employee health and well being.  Clearer accountability and defined responsibility, too many people feel they have and are allowed to have veto on decision.
Better shifts, recognitions programs and development plans for the employees.
All are going in right way
Supporting team
Better base pay for employees outside of the US. MSD's pay range has always been lower than that of industry competitors, which makes it harder to hire and retain talent.
Being a MSD family proud
Simplify processes
Keep the promises of the employee.Plan for future success
Too much pressure on the compliance policy,where it can be made simple to follow.
More definitive career development and succession planning, more generous & at par with industry well-being (some companies have onsite gym/ fitness classes, $600 well bring reimbursement) and education assistance benefits, reinstate carer leave, which includes diverse forms of caring duties (it seems to have disappeared from ADP portal)
I think recently for MSD day staffs/support functions, there are continuous communications/cascade from the management which make us more engaged. However I think at the shopfloor level, the middle management must make an effort to be more available to the people working the shift jobs. For example, for Warehouse contractors, they must be trained properly as well, although there may be understanding that they can leave anytime.
change the culture from short to long-term
I am a self motivated person. I am putting my best effort to make our organisation as the best solution provider to the mankind . But I feel there are some person in the organisation who are always feel bad if somebody try to bring the issues to the notice of higher management.   Our organisation is wonderful organisation but because of few people having mindset of dictatorship others are suffering .  It is the lookout of organisation to find out the culprits and punish them with iron hand so that in the future no body will dare to act the way which not acceptable in 21st Century.
Promoting drugs in a compliant way
Launch new products, Get inline with local bodies. Transparency with employees.
NO comments for this part
MSD and merck doing great in Asian market specifically in India Drs have full faith on MSD and there employees as we work for science and humanities so will continue our services in India and plan for future in India
Should launch new products
1.Need to a create a place where employee can speak without any fear. 2.Need to create mechanism where mid level managers can be held accountable for their work. 3.At this point MSD is behaving like an autocratic organisation having said that autocracy always breeds corruption.
Looking forward for extra resources to keep engaging with customers.
Continue to listen to the employees and customers
Improve on daily allowances and the travelling allowances as our job needs a lot of travelling and covering out stations and we as an individual have to spend from our pocket while working in ex-stations and out stations.
To provide sufficient resource to enable personnel to deliver on their objectives while maintaining a reasonable work life balance, by understanding the operational needs and challenges of each country/cluster and job role.
Work on more focus productive customers
1)Merck should proactively vaccinate all the employees and its  family members so that people should feel safe in this difficult time.  2) Career progression in Finance is very slow, Finance leadership should do some good career growth plan for Finance team within the function as well as in other functions.
Make the employees letting know the future plans, user friendly processes and reducing the admin work.
Develop Mentoring system so we can get more insight/knowledge from high level management. routinely Compare the benefit & compensation with other company.
Work closer with healthcare system of country/Moderate price with medicines align to the local incomes
More training and support from Supervisor's and more interacting with Manger
Transparency in every level
We should actively look for people with intellectual disabilities to hire to deliver on our promise of a diverse and inclusive workplace.
Every thing is good.
simplifying the compliance standard to catch up with the competitors in terms of public education  more diversified product portfolio to avoid focusing only on G9
-Keeping listen to employees and keeping the life balance (family - work) as it was done.  During this difficult period the managers and MSD actions internal politics taken to adapt the situation was correct, in my opinion. Keeping listen to employees and keeping the life balance (family - work) as was done. I felt supported when I asked time for taking care of my family, after I did the same when my job needed extra effort.
In MSD there is very good culture as well as good environment to work .
Strategy should be made based on the situation and can be changed for better out come.
More employee friendly, employee benefits on par with other companies
provide more opportunity for face to face meeting and get close interaction
Organisation should look into becoming more dynamic- Senior leaders should be assessed on their competency- Decisions should be taken faster.
One should have clarity over the future plans if the organisataion  and same applies to me also.
Be specific regarding our job security we are ready to achieve the company’s objective but the incentive program is really not motivating for example if we are not achieving the Institutional objective which is currently not under our control fully in spite of achieving the trade objective losing the maximum chunk of our incentives. Secondly The fear of job security is prevailing as tremendous pressure is created by our ZBM Mr Shahid Azmi as smaller H.Q. like Allahabad will undergo reduction of sales force creating a fear of job security
Complete work from home. No Self Declaration.
We should understand the market and devise our policies accordingly.
Culture of openness to value feedback and ideas
Launch of new  products
New products launch & Customer care/approaching steps should be more convenient & practical in real scenario , will help .
more HR policies for the employee well being I believe. There are lots f opportunities :)
Transparency in all the things you do & introduce more  new products to be launched as per the country wise
Continue to provide us with remote capabilities.  Be competitive with other companies by retaining and recruiting top talent. Continue to develop novel treatment options.
To bring in research products for wellness of mankind
reduce the administrative burden
To support Employees in Difficult situations like COVID-19 Pandamic and reduce the attrition rate at this situation.
I appreciate MSD being considered as a role model for being most compliant company and employee friendly organization . But we ignore or not able to mitigate local challenges . Resources are being reduced every year . We can grow much faster if allowed to do certain market friendly activities ,being done by other MNCs in India .
We need to go according to flow of the market.We need to simplify things.
The company is losing a lot of talented and experienced production specialists because they do not have any jobs to grow to within the production environment. The competitors do offer multiple levels and growth paths in production areas and do pay experienced personal significantly more. when a production tech transfers to another MMD department to grow further in his career the salary growth often does not match the job tasks. this in all causes teams in production to remain relatively inexperienced resulting in high workloads and unnecessary errors
Continue to offer freedom of work and look for employees well being
Sometimes we invest too much time in overengineering the internal processes and stakeholders management. It would be good to see what processes add value
Keep the flexi working hour policy in future; makes me more productive and allows me to manage my own time with keeping schedule timelines always on track. There should be a big focus on work from home as new ways of working; I strongly believe it benefits the company equally as the employee
Continue to invest in development, in data and analytics, to work on psycological safety
Continue to take seriously the simplification of our work environment. too much is marred in policies and SOPs that are highly restrictive, and super confusing to execute. There is an opportunity to increase risk tolerance in a managed way.
What are the real concerns of employees and HCP with respect to business has to take feedback and execute it.
To be more employees freiindly.
attractive salary
Need to better balance work and resources. Many people are over worked and work long hours during the week and at weekends. Company needs to invest time in improving our business process, so that there is time allocated to problem solve. Current process is to do your own work and improve your own work but this is not very effective given the long hours that people already do.
Reduce time spent in online interaction / calls (video calls or not)  Allow for " 1 quiet day" per week - for people to be able to refocus, create space to think, reduce the stress of online comms Provide more well being and mental health support for people managers
getting the right people, find a pragmatic approach looking at product impact, interpreted the now guidelines in the best way
MSD is doing a great job  in research.  More pipeline products to be introduced in the market.  It is a great place to work and the work culture in MSD is remarkable
Work life balance while working from home needs to be looked into.
we are in a pandemic and everybody is affected. I am not expecting anything more from the company right now but there are still some processes that are still in silos.
Continue driving Ways of Working and transform, stay patient-centric, and delivering cost-effective medicines and vaccines to met unmet needs.
I think MSD is flexible enough at this time of pandemic,
Several workshops
Higher salary
Ensure that employees are happy at a personal level within their group. I often hear colleagues tell me that they are not happy within their group due to lack of progression or lack of support from their manager.
I am slightly concerned about our pipeline right now. We have too much focus on Keytruda - we need more, solid products in the future.  We have a way to go on bureaucracy - I had hpoed this should've improved by now, but it has not.
Becoming more agile and inclusive, not on paper but in reality.
should give confidence and direction for future
Everything is great, please continue same with more positivity.
Not enough office space and conference room right now. Policy updates are quick and are there any way to keep on track?
Being more patient centric & People centric. 1- making job process simpler. Giving clarity on Marketing SOP.  2- Listening to difficulties, challenges & helping in resolving  the concern(in implementation of ever changing compliance SOP ) , to help us in exceeding the set objective. 3-connect more often for two way communication in this challenging time with so many changes around ,within & outside organization.
We should follow through on the key strategic initiatives and keep our focus before starting new initiatives otherwise too many things are running in parallel
for managers is a tip to see what is happening to there workpeople, not only by numbers, ( when is the time that your workload is to much?)
Have nothing to add. Thank you.
Empower people even more and train/equip with skills needed to cope with the changing environment and advancing technology.
Follow the path we are going now
To invest more in diversity and inclusion
Every year lots of changes happen on the organizational side and the teams feel uncertainty when this happens.
Increase transparency
Keeping care about patients,  employees and the importance of what Merck and MSD can do to keep a safe and healthy society and less about 'some financial investors' who more and more tend to have an eye only on their own financial well behavior in the short term.  Or in George Merck's words: "We try never to forget that medicine is for the people. It is not for the profits. The profits follow, and if we have remembered that, they have never failed to appear. The better we have remembered it, the larger they have been."
Implement the good values even more in all everyday activities
open to listen to customers actual need to provide the support the really needs.
Faster sound business decisions
Be realistic about future goals so as to prevent any further job losses as a result of what is perceived as poor performance
To take notice of people who work for MSD/Merck for a long time, but are taken for granted sometimes. Value input of people with a lot of experience. Inspire all the members of your team, instead of 1 person who does not get an inspire. The company has to be more flexible, now we are often to slow to respond to current events.
Keep the good spirit
Animal Health: 1) Focus and invest more on soft skills development of employees (negotiation skills, presentation skills, etc.), especially field staff, veterinarians We will not be able to compete in future unless develop or replace conservative people 2) Promote the livestock indutsry among young generations. Young talents will not join AH, since it is not that fancy and modern as IT, Telecom, etc. Emphasise more on those young generations and attract them to join our fast frowing industry. We need more "fresh brains". 3) Focus more on training managers (leadership, feedback, etc.)
- focus on people development, encourage applying new WOW, and fugue out ways to minimize politics
Greater career development opportunities
Value MSD's partners/ vendors by adhering to the timeline in terms of work pending from company's side. Approach should be customized specially for field force employees based on the external environment/ situation specially considering the unprecedented COVID 19 pandemic should relax sales target/ projections.
- Simple and easy process - New job profiles/roles - Transparency  - Competent/experienced leaders - Job profile : Should be according to relevant experience/competency
Too many management levels in MSD for decision making.  Remove some layers of management and add more people to do the work.
Better planning of changes in processes and databases with regard to SOP updates. People at lower level are overloaded and do not catch up.
Spread responsibility and tasks equally in the team.
Job security is important to all of us as you know we are facing Patency off our product nad because of that we are not sure that our job is secure or not we have so many responsibilities of family.
Since COVID-19 home office has become an agile way of working and people have adjusted to this and post COVID, I believe people should be encouraged to work from home and only go to the office when needed
clear vision of current business future and step by step planning to achieve the vision
Transparency to people, about future plan, new launching and strengthening current portfolio
If possible, play an active role in supporting employees and family members to get vaccinated against COVID-19. Once back in a F2F setting, continue to allow staff to manage their workload and their presence in the office at their own convenience. Allowing for the flexibility to combine work and family matters allows a much better work-life balance.
I am working for this organisation for more than 14 years, I am proud to be a MSDan. I strongly believe that, if we work together towards any mission, we will surely win. Only thing where we can improve is understanding the market and competitiveness. And plan our Goals in this new normal.
Streamline process by reducing the amount of red tape. The feedback from customers states that MSD is no longer an organisation that is customer centric.
give greater value to those who are committed to work and ask for work aids to be able to do so
Don’t pressurise the employees understand the current market situation and support us
Might sound trivial, however, this is the only place I have worked where a break from the everyday grind is awarded by having a pizza (food) party from time to time to get the mind off of work while at work.
To adopt greater flexibility, ensure appreciation of good work
It is already a great place to work.  I would only focus more on talent management and provide more career growth opportunities.
To listen their employees
Pay better attention to functions that are out of HH including reward and recognition  Move from silos to networks, focusing on HH-AH/HH- non HH.  Pay more attention and allocate resources to reduce burnout
Focus even more on well being of its employees.
The fun seems to have gone out of the role-stop putting so much pressure on people. Also constant pressure to strive to get higher up in the organization when many just want to do their own job well and develop in their own role-you cannot have everybody wanting to climb the ladder!
Remind and train people managers on how to make a employees comfortable to approach them on regular basis asking for feedback and raising issues.  Work with people managers to provide feedback on regular basis and follow up on any issues raised.  Regularly remind managers that sharing information transparently with employees at all levels is key to business success.
Managers is very central in MSD. Managers need to focus on the aspiration and development of their team members, but at the same time provide realistic overlook on the organization as a whole. For example: it will not be wise for a manager to promise a promotion when the manager knows that there is no higher position available in the organization.
Managers to have a better vision, and realistic executable strategies, and better alignment among cross functional divisions, implement realistic balance in work-personal life not only for formality
Accelerate digital enablement and make full use of systems for access to real-time data. Avoid manual reporting outside of these systems to avoid waste, duplication and error. I feel many foundational aspects are still not in place.
Allocating resources for successful launches Market Access & Pricing Strategy for Mid - Low Income Countries to grant access for more patients and to make available our valuable portfolio for the sustainability and the continuity of our business as well as the reputation of MSD.
To work in direction better work-life balance for employees
As MSD always maintain transparency among employees and it should be maintained in future also. Personal safety and business continuity in a safer way should be continued from both the sides employer and employees.
removing barriers between functions and groups
we should supported client-centric vision and patient-focused priorities
To Follow the ethics and integrity.
Ensure policy application consistency across all business units. From remuneration to accountability.
Equal grow opportunities, less middle managers, reduce the matrix reporting (I'm reporting at least to 4 people in different countries), more education budget, better salaries to attract more talent and more objective performance assessment (so far it seems it's based or likeability or affinity to the managers, and not the actual work or impact).
The managers should be more open to individual ideas and not create an atmosphere of fear to speak up.
Support resource in real practice perspective
more flexible working time
Need to improve the pipeline products for the future of CVM business
Bold decisions and changes Less bureaucracy
I feel that the company should look more into the workers welfare especially during this COVID 19 pandamic period.
Be transparent in the way new structures and peoples destiny are decided.
possibly to focus more not on variaety of digital tools, but on how to use them with higher efficiency
Headcount has been reduced. Although we are in a pandemic the workload has not reduced and therefore the headcount is needed. Trying to prioritize projects is difficult as they fall under business need. Our individual company still uses paper based systems for certain items e.g. training, MOC. there should be a bigger drive to paperless. Going forward there should be WFH policies when normality resumes. The option of staying home 2 days a week is of interest when for our team can work remotely with no impact.
Allow for bottom up perspective when it comes to systems reporting and admin burden. Usually these systems are implemented for the benefit of management but rarely have benefit for end users
Company should always supportive to their employees
I think we are at right track
Stop internal politics.
A much supportive company at times makes us feel field persons are not involved I any of the strategies, as some of them are practically not possible to implementing ment.
Changes are needed, and they are implemented from time to time. Important is not to have many changes at once. Then it's dificult to measure what exactly helped or what exactly contributed to the failure.
be more flexible on Home Office locations.
Retention of trained experienced staff is very important.
Extend employee benefit and remuneration programs
Continue to focus on the importance to balance work/after work for employees wellbeing. Simplify processes that keep our attention and energy inside company, to get more time and energy to look outside our company, to medical communities, KDMs, patients communities, civil society, other relevant associations to make things better in HC
Ensure we all have work life balance daycare would be great so that also a mum can go back to work without any concerns
I think it would be great if Merck and MSD promoted departments taking time out to learn how the departments they deal with work and how decisions sometimes effects and works against other departments work and the impact on workloads
Take actions about getting back to routine F2F meeting, this is what I missed the most
To reduce system and process changes - all at the same time.
Keeping ourselves ahead of competition in all aspects would help us to be on our mission and to achieve our goals.
To be more Customer  focus company Gocud From MSD to Customer
Bring New products which are already available in our company . Consistency in strategies . People are very important to carry and manage the business.
Knowledge and people who know  is the best way to win
Development plan. There is no career path to develop and contribute is different manages roles
start changing things and accept the challenge of change
Have less burocracy and rules for events and for the clients
Develop the Artificial Intelligence and new Technology to build future
Greater visibility / Pathway as to how people can move up to the next level. Some inexperienced people get promoted which frustrates people that have been working hard for a long time. No visibility as to why certain people are promoted ahead of others.
Keep doing what it's doing :)
Align objectives of different departments to improve the understanding that we are "working towards the same goal". An overarching isssue is that there is a misunderstanding of how to treat our "internal customers", that is to say, our own MSD departments. The lack of respect or understanding for what each other does can create conflicts that are unecessary and a waste of time and resources.
IT infrastructure is still lacking. Cloud services are rather restricted, the processes for getting accounts & required privileges are tedious and take very long time. Pod-based (serverless) deployment solutions available have rather severe technical limitations, those which wouldn't (e.g. Kubernetes) never made it to production despite being developed/in testing (in the company) for years now. Having certain "couloir" intel, I can tell that the reasons for the above are far from technical and rather company-political. I find that unsatisfactory.
1. more similar salaries for similar job roles in different (EU) countries; local HR now determines salary and conditions  2. enabling working parttime (80-90%, instead of full time), even in functions as Clinical Directors that are supposed to work fulltime.
Continue to educate leaders on the value of inclusion, diversity, leadership and transparency
MSD is an amazing company, keep striving for Diversity and inclusion and innovation and focus on building good leaders.
As a customer facing employee it is important that as we get back to Face to Face customer meetings that understanding is there it may take time to build up relationships with customers again. Virtual meetings and phone calls while very important are not the same as meeting up in person.
Stop out-sourcing everything.
Improve the overall growth perspective beyond 2023 when major LOE materialize. Management need to be more clear on the true value of our current pipeline including BD deals. High transparency and strong guidance on how to manage a sustained company growth profile is crucial
There is no pipeline...cvm cant run with any other molecules
Continue expanding ways of working, define accountability and responsibility at the different levels and organizations  to work together efficiently.  In regards to the transformation communicate clear, measurable priorities and timely feedback on implementation of those priorities.
Continue to support flexible/remote working where possible
Be open to new ideas and changing / improving long established process' if the evidence supports
Involve the employees, Be clear about future plans, try not to create uncertainty.
cut down on red tape, deploy software systems with a better UI (an expense report that requires over 30 minutes to generate and put into the system is crazy and a waste of money to the company, i.e.: instant reimbursement for small declarations under 50 EUR).
optimize all administrative tasks which are managed by restrictive processes
The balance between the size of our above site/market organizations and at site/market organizations is too big. And with that also the gap. If site/markets could become more decisive instead of executing, then that would benefit effectiveness, cooperation and enjoyment.
We are slow decision making company. Lets make decisions / changes faster. Our focus is on administration and bureaucracy not on patients and  HCP. Change that. Put costumer needs on first place in our every day work, not declaratively as it is now.  Why our lectures needs to be 31 minutes? No other companies have this rule. Make it 30 minutes as all others have.  Be more flexible, empower field managers. Virtual contacts should not be forced in case face to face visits is possible and easy to perform.
keep on doing the great job, all should feel included and belonging to the MSD community, working together for the same goal: saving lives.
Know how is the daily work in the different plant.
quicker decision making, reduce complexity of processes, rethink training approach,
Prepare the company and organization to really re-position itself from a large GP oriented big pharma startegy (marketing driven) to a big biotech firm (technology & access driven)
Hire more people to get the job done right rather than rushing
To be more flexible in all the proces.
Please be more transparent how employees future will look like especially transformation MAHI.
Don't start new projects as long as other projects are still going on and also need to be finished. I fear the duration of the project will take long and quality might drop down. I can manage my own projects but I need to work outside my working hours and still during holidays I have to work and also go to the site to work. If this happens once, I don't mind. But in the current situation it's more general to work during holidays. And that's why my work/private balance is not okay. Since I have a young child, I don't like it.
I propose that Merck and MSD further improve employee benefits. For example, covered care in a private health facility with support for regular health checks.
Global processes, procedures and systems are very complex end take up the vast amount of my time. That is not counting all the "projects and initiatives" that fill my inbox.  focus on so called "self service"  is putting pressure on the wrong people. We should be concerned with eliminating worries and making things easy for people.  Do something about that and you will experience the full force of out motivated and talented employees!
Unlike most of Merck, Vaki is not a medical company. We do of course share many aspects with rest of Merck so I am not saying that we don't belong with Merck, but I often feel like Merck does not do enough to recognize that Vaki is different and has different needs than the rest of the company.
Help people understand how they will be able to balance family and work as we start to re-engage in our post-Covid communities and re-enter our workplaces. What is the evolved employee experience we need to consider and create?
establish a solid faster intranet/network: electronic infrastructure is crucial
to have competitive benefits matching with other multinational companies, focus more on people development
Support Career Development with employees being able to join teams independent from their location (e.g. EU-based employee joining an US-team)
I think Merck, as a leading biotech pharma, could be more involved in the global fight against coronavirus.  The virus is unfortunately here and it will remain for some time
quite honestly, more of the same. the disruption of NewCo has now settled.  I think continuing the transformation journey now is more important than ever.
Be more in tune with the companies that they acquire and how these businesses operate so as to ensure that they have everything they need from the get go
As above - much better communication, better communcation on content and digital strategy and also actual movement on this rather than hot air.. we have now been without digital consent process for 18 mths ... new KAM content takes soooo long to come through and our brand teams are tearing their hair out of trying to medical reviewers
delete half of the SOP or half of their content, simplify things and trust countries they can do a nice job without all little steps mandatory per SOP, ie let them more flexibility in the way they want / need to apply SP and regulation
to help staff balance the work and life
Try to have more resources or to split the workload differently to have a good work-life balance
increase support facilities for work
evaluate and follow up on feedback given by employees instead of "solving by ignoring"
strong pipelines -  more openess and safe culture to speak up
Security of employees and his family with job security. That’s why our mission will be delivered.
Make it easier to balance work and raising a family so that great talent can be retained. Apply the same commitment to tech development as with R&D in medicines, invest and take risks.
Spend enough time and resources to ensure that MSD also settles down post Spin-off, there is already too much focus on new projects and value capture within SCM while a huge knowledge shift to Organon should be overcome and you don't do this within a few months
Streamline the processes and customize them according  to the different needs and businesses across the board. Make valuable use of people knowledge by reducing the amounts of administrative work with no real value added, and by definimg strategies more efficient for the quality and compliance of the business.
Use MSP as holistic approach rather than a departmental which has consequences on other departments  for non routine roles, a better understanding of priorities and day to day duties is required as the demands change that sometimes it feels like we don't know if we am coming or going.  The ability to say no or not right now should be encouraged and the activities should be built into a schedule rather than just being required and no scheduling.
We need to improve on taking action when we see poor behaviors at leaders or employees. To often have I seen people "get away" with delivering poor results, or even worse treated colleges unfairly or with disrespect
Ensure Personnel feel valued and included in the MSD Roadmap. Communicate out Roadmap/ plans for my site
Provide a clear vision of the future of the company to the employees and help them understand how they will be part of this vision.
Include management competencies and success as part of the priority of the managers. make them be accountable for this role and not only for the business priorities they then allocate their team memebers. create priorities which clearly embed a team work component making the success of the individual assessment dependant to the whole team success
They should contribute to the employees growth & education in a higher percentage. Reducing the budget on this is not a good idea
Strategic plans for MMDIT, GES and Merck overall
Changes to systems / processes can be made without engaging with impacted departments. Changes are often communicated after the update has made with no further scope to accommodate other areas. We need a much better understanding of each departments function on site so people have the awareness needed to ensure the right people are included in the system / process update. Additionally, when changes are being made, more focus should be made on how the end user is actually going to use the system on a daily basis, and if the new way of doing things is going to be more efficient for them on a day to day basis.
Before running new projects carefully evaluate ROI, and human and financial resources.
I don't believe our leaders know what we do and how difficult the things we do are. I think they have unreasonable expectations and speak out of both side of their mouths - on the one hand they state work life/balance is so important and on the other hand continuously assign work that is always urgent and can only be done by putting in additional unpaid hours. What I'd like is to do my job and go home and not have to worry about what was not done today or fear about the coming work day tomorrow. Also, I don't want to be spending lots of my time continuously talking colleagues down off ledges who are bemoaning the management that we have. It's even more exhausting for me then even though I want to help them and try to. In the back of my mind I'm worried that I won't get my own work done because they are using up my time or I will end up with more work to do. I was recently on vacation for a few days. Before I left I tried to ensure everything was covered; on returning it was bedlam!
Resources need to be put in place before rolling out new Procedures/Policies that require changes in how we do our work.
Some systems or processes are not too well integrated and can be tedious and out dated, each site should have freedom to change to a different more up to date system...especially newer sites.
1) Retain experience and stabilize operations post spin.  2) Bring greater clarity to thresholds for escalation 3) Empower decison making at mid-management layers
Continue to ensure the helath of its employees
I'm very satisfied with the way of working
When a work requirement is a permanent one, the person doing that work should be given a permanent contract.   For the sake of their self worth, stability, job satisfaction etc they should not be kept on a fixed term contract basis for years.
Remove barriers to access to work in new office like cost of parking and entry into CBD
1). Review the method of reconciliating of Amex expenses. 2). Reduce the work load of reporting to ensure we can focus more quality time in the field selling
We are way too busy. Too many projects, too many 'strech' assignments, too many  meetings with too many participants; too many emails send to too many people. We really need to streamline, start deciding what we will NOT focus on (and put it on the parking lot).  A very high % of our employees are extremely stretched and it leads to chronic stress and fatigue and suboptimal effectiveness.
With the migration of SCR to Merck , we are unable to get fair IT support, we losing lot of working days due to technical issues, I'm feeling that Merck don't fully understand our Technical needs.
Better work resources and more personnel resources for the team to help deliver on our mission within timelines.
Commuter assignments are very challenging, particularly through COVID. There is no clear oversight of these type of employees, often falling between a host and home country, not being linked to either very strongly from an HR or communication perspective.   The general leadership mindset through COVID however has been excellent and I have always felt the health and safety of employees, as well as our ability to rewrite how we work to accommodate family needs has been wonderful.
Stability .. I have been with the company for 8 months and my managers have rotated several times already. It is difficult to know how well the new project can be smoothly carried out when there are so many role changes all the time.
Speak to individuals of various departments, and don't rely on the department manager to speak for their staff as it's not always a true representative of how staff feel. Give the option for totally honest , anonymous feedback from staff for those who aren't comfortable speaking up
It would be great to have a clear indication of my future career path after the integration.
To much work is expected from too few people. The expectations from us with the amount of colleagues we have is unreasonable and unsustainable. Burnout is occurring and will continue to occur unless there are big changes.  The IT issues are ever present - poor connectivity, poor global help assistance. Dealing with global help desk is a challenge - great people but very poor systems and assistance rates. The only way you get real help is to phone the help desk. Any support tickets via email seem to go into a black hole only to find the ticket has been closed and you are referred to someone else - no proper support or assistance
Keep the balance between personal and work activities
Would like to ensure that adequate budget is made available for headcount, acquisition of new compounds, and conduct of innovative trials. Also would encourage aggressive approaches to acquisition opportunities.
We are on the right direction!!!
Review pay so that people don't get stuck at the bottom of a band forever and can see their pay moving within the band rather than always staying at the bottom.  more freedom to make the hours of work suit without requiring people to attend late meetings
- transparency how Merck / MSD will look like after Spin off organizational wise and what steps we are taking and when  - create that sense of belonging within the "new company" and teams (after such a long time working from home) . How I do not have the answer but it feel this is important to develop a plan - provide the resources to look for BD opportunities to strengthen our pipeline / portfolio and continue to share successes
- Stay Agile not only on documentations but start using it in the work environment (from top to bottom and opposite) - Effective communication with Leadership - Supportive Leadership for improvements/simplifications/changes. - “Flexible” employee growth - Collaborative culture - Avoid politics. - Seeking honest feedback from employees as well as from leadership teams.
Focus on people, especially those who are talents  Develop people according to their potential  Develop people managers  Increase salaries and provide better benefits and compensation plan  Meritocracy, integrity and transparency  Provide real work life balance
Have a clear career progression set in place for all employees to keep them motivated and engaged in their role
Strengthen the current market technology skills of the employees and create a TEST LAB to practice those learnt skills and be ready for the new challenges during platform migration or upgrades.  Look into future and adopt the new technologies in and retire the older.
Employ more people as every department is struggling with a heavy workload and causing stress. If we had more people that workload could be shared making it less stressful and more enjoyable. People would benefit by having more time to do other things that benefit the company as they actually have the time to think, plan and execute. At the moment people are only doing what they have to just to stay on top of their workload.
Leadership to set the right tone for culture and promote accountability within the COEs that support the business team. Understand the challenges on the ground and in local markets else the attrition is expected to rise as people are feeling burnt out with lack of work-life balance (feedback from business). Headcount reduction is not the option we should pursue as workload is already a top issue that employees shared year-on-year and the snowballing effect is now evident as employees start to resign including our key talents.
Allow staff the flexibility to work from home post-pandemic for part of the working week
Greater focus on moving to digital to improve compliance and remove hard / manually intensive data input/gathering.  Need to streamline complex systems and drive decision making to lower levels in org.  Great focus on work / life balance for all
Embrace diversity and Ensure employee job security
Reduce admin burden; provide sufficient admin support (currently close to zero); continue with pension installments for people who have turned 65 that many other companies in my country do
There is no diversity. From the eastern side of the world we can't get visibility.
Less bureaucracy, Dynamic processes
Career Plan with better executables, Overcoming the clarity issue, feelings of one family , free to speak up without any retaliation
I feel there could be more foucs on peoples mental health while working from home
Continue to give the employees the flexibility in work hours and to continue to work on work-life balance
more team involvement and digital technology improvement
Focusing on implementation of computerized systems
When employees return to site it important for the company to make time and space for teams to develop and grow together, e.g. dedicated team events, creating screen-less room(s) and spaces for people to meet as employees working from home have had more exposure to screens on a day to day basis compared with working on site, in addition to this employees have had less interaction with their teams and colleagues during Covid so we all need to work together to build, maintain and grow those working relationships in order for MSD Brinny to be a great place to work and deliver on our mission.
Merck and MSD great place to work for healthy and motivational environment
Some points to improve (:-): 1. If an employee makes a mistake or says something that his manager doesn't like to hear, he should not be scolded in front of other team mates.  2. The manager should refrain as much as possible from raising his voice on his employees. Even if they make a mistake.
To be transparent to employes
MSD no 1 best Animal health company in India for 2021 end
Make process more simple
COVID vaccine should be given to its employees and their household
communicate and consider how changes in production affect other departments down stream.
More understanding of workloads especially colleagues working from home where it is not always visible  of the effort and hours needed to get certain tasks and timelines completed
As I am part of MAHI and this is all I know - I can answer from my POV:  Initiate social interactions inside MAHI, strengthen relationships between MAHI departments and also within. Create structural mapping of teams and divisions on local, country, regional and global sides and reflect all this info in a platform/place/website that is user-friendly & accessible for the employees. Create HR platform for local use so notifications and important messages are posted in one place, and documented. Also, find innovative activities to refresh people's routinely work and motivate them for going out of the box. I feel that this year we have worked hard and significantly advanced with our projects, which is great and rewarding in itself, however the need to stay socially connected has great distribution in making us more productive as well as assisting us think how we can do better. So I suggest putting the focus on this this year.
Come up with a better training platform for job specific roles.
Keep investing in innovation and not let ourselves fall in the trap of quarterly demands that could cause us to shy away from investing... additionally, we need to concentrate in investing in the right areas and continuing to remove red tape and work together more synergistically.
Continue to keep doing what they are doing
Continue receiving feedback from their employees in order to make the appropiate changes in the company
Continue evolving as one of the top worldwide pharmaceuticals
more smooth, straight  and shorter communication and decision routes
Keeping the good environment and the management attitude
Assign the right level of resources to perform a quality work and give all employee a good balance between execution tasks, strategic projects and personal development. It helps to create a positive environment.  Develop the Growth Mindset to allow people with innovative ideas (even small ones) to be heard.
At times it feels like we have different major initiatives running that do not always align - e.g. ServiceNow (Service driven) - TxO (Product driven)
Continue to invest in development of peoplle and to increase resources dedicated for support of Health Care Systems of countries with lower economic power.
Few SIPs announced like F1club are very delayed, which demotivates. New products launches, will help to nourish future establishments of MSD.
Give more infrastructure space to our work with less tracking and regulations and less "myLearning".
PROVIDE TRAINING THAT'S SPECIFIC TO MY POSITION
provide less VILT trainings, which are a waste of time and provide more hands-on-work trainings (basic and advanced), provide good work-life balance
share the end stage of our agile transformation, right now there is a lot happening but nobody really knows anymore why we want to change and where we are moving towards as a company
Be more open about the future of my division. Also show more appreciation towards my division and the important role that it plays in contributing to Merck’s bottom line.
Invest smartly on R&D to bring new life saving innovations.  Go in full force on Data and Analytics, Automations and AI to make them integral part of Company DNA just like how we're as R&D driven company.
poter permettere maggiore smartworking
Streamline Change control. Recognize and remove non-value-add road-blocks that interrupt our mission. Ensure long term employees are acknowledged and rewarded appropriately. Continue to bench-mark against other potential employers to ensure employee retention.
Continue to work on the feeling of inclusion and increasing the communication from strategic intent of what the company is trying achieve, down to all levels of the organisation, stressing how they can influence success. There is a good level of communication in the company, however having clearer touchpoints to how each person can impact and assist will help. It is sometimes too easy to get bogged down in the day to day and not always have line of sight to how the input adds to the company vision.
Invest in growth areas with good returns including in development of talent for these areas, cost reduction in strategic areas, Become more agile and only add complexity to areas which absolutely need it for complaince reasons, simplify the remiaining areas aggresively, this should improve performance and speed and ulitmately business benefit whils also making alot of jobs more fulfilling and enjoyable. I would also re-allign and focus support  to areas where the actual value add is - we tend to have alot of support functions and COE that draw on front line operations and add complexity rather than provide support and simplification.
keep the flexibility office/work from home to keep the safety of the employees
make sure what is agreed globally is passed down and implemented in local market
Reduction in the number of managers
make our company values more visible and increase awareness of them and at each lever of the organisation. Keep focus on digital enablement
Create a work environment where people want to continue to work with MSD long term.
We need to become more agile and customer centric.  Currently we are tied down with processes and red tape that does not drive the bussiness, as it influences the way we interact and deliver to customers
Honesty, transparency, people focus
I feel invest more in the people, help to build strong, resilient creative mindsets. Foster an environment of growth, support, collaboration across all teams.
From a professional aspect:  1. Employees should be encouraged to be involved in professional conferences and events to be up to date and get inspired by innovation 2. Mark should provide employees with the best and most professional equipment on the market in order to allow more with the best tools - for example: iMac computers, Apple screens and equipment for designers, innovative softwares, iOS & Android smartphone for the use of testing the apps, etc.  From a social aspect:  1. Create social events to form teams 2. Guide managers the importance of empowerment of employees 3. Accompany employees by mentors for career development in the organisation
keep developing their employee as it does
If I knew that, I would know everything
Having half day off on Friday would be an amazing benefit. Its important to say, that MERCK/MSD is already amazing place to work. Thank you for giving me chance to be part of this amazing organization.
Improve knowledge management across departments & make more systems digital .
Better training programs, more flexible schedules
Some of our digital work ends up taking more time than it has to. Example 1: if I search in Sync for a topic, I end up with a lot of empty/irrelevant pages. I used to be able to find things much more easily before we transitioned from teamspace to SharePoint. I really like SharePoint, but something about the search results needs to be cleaned up. Example 2: there are too many options for storing documents, so things become very hard to find. I have to look in Teams, Drives, Share Point, OneDrive, etc., rather than 1 central place.
Align global and local initiatives closer i.e. more visibility on global initiatives so we can avoid duplication.  Clearer remit on EBRG's and initiatives such as D&I to reduce overlap of speakers, topics, etc.
The ability to be Safe to Speak up is gone and people are fearful of the consequences of speaking up
I think the ways of working need to be more present also in the leadership team. Currently it feels like going back to silos rather then networks and the communication of changes is getting worse
No updates, all is ok.
Put and monitor whether management positions have a mentality compatible with the culture that MSD advocates.
An improved role specific training plan, including a robust onboarding process and checklist. Also focus on how  professionalism in the workplace is defined and demonstrated.
Work balance, identify workload situation/teams
Manager training. Focus on finding the right position fit for employees where both company and employee provide the most value not focus on longevity in position. Actual focus on work and personal life balance at Manufacturing sites would drive retention within those sites.
An onsite HR support at Elkton.  There are multiple HR issues that come up that require additional support.  It is difficult to obtain the correct information when needed.     Extensive training on pertinent systems that are used daily, for example Enablon and QN's.
Maybe we need more pipeline outside oncology(Keytruda)/vaccines and less focus on process (agile, digital, etc which seems to be a religion right now). Maybe we could also take more calculated risk... could we maybe have brought our Covid innovations faster to patients instead of stopping/limiting our programs?
Work on keeping people. Our team lost so much knowledge/experience this last year or two from people leaving because they were unhappy. It creates such huge delays and gaps when good workers leave and we have such high turnover.
It feels like Merck fights against itself.  Makes it harder to do our job.   Merck should stay out of politics.  We can all have our opinions and they should stay out of the business of the day., We do not need to have our senior leadership/ CEO talking politics.  Most likely, half or the organization has a different point of view.  We have outstanding leadership for our business and we are all lucky to work for a great organization.  I just wish politics would stay in Washington.
I think Merck needs to have a better mix of internal and external resources. In certain instances you have one internal resource tracking 5/6 projects at the same time, affecting mental health of employees.
There are still a lot of opportunities to enable a more autonomous workforce.  Decisions and approvals tend to involve more people than necessary.  In addition, and though Merck does a great job already, there are opportunities to improve even more and make more visible our diversity in the workforce and talk more about the injustices that are going on in the outside world.  Although I personally feel good about how Merck is approaching this, I'm sure there are others who would appreciate more.
options for remote work after COVID is over
I think the company is doing a great job showing the great company we are.  Hopefully the new leadership is loyal to our company as we are and can take us to the next milestone in our mission.  I have never doubt about my company's ability to succeed and it has been and will continue to be the best place to work.
A greater focus on work life balance would be helpful.  Providing employee resources, certain things are sorely lacking when compared with peer firms.
Improve comunication with de clients
I would like DPED and MRL Town Halls to provide more specific examples of their vision for the research organization. Highlighting real world examples of Ways of Working in Discovery and Development that our organization's leadership feel epitomize our vision is very important. Recent Town Hall meetings have been a bit vague on this front.
Merck and MSD must continue the policy thew have.
1. In country engagements we need more of them and must be interactive.  Strategy of the company being presented more to the whole company so that every one understand their role in implementing the strategy and achieving it. Every department need to also be strategy focused and measure every quarter how far they are to strategy what the barriers and the wins are   More collaborative working  Leadership engagements and mentorship programmes needs to be visible and their successes celebrate. Leadership to try be visible in this digital times
more inclusion. prioritize external customer more than internal customers
Encourage inclusivity and reflection of behaviors in a manner that all feel welcome to share their voice and feel confident that it has been heard and considered. Ensure that personal boundaries, especially those that contribute to work/life balance and therefore overall health, are wholly respected - Culturally, the EU/UK is much better at this than the US. Empower employees to make decisions at the appropriate levels - not everything needs to be discussed or challenged at 2+ levels of management higher, and those that are should be discussed with the perspective of overall success of the project and/or ways of working (instead of preference).
International care taking of employees from abroad. For example, helping with the census, looking for living places, apply for citzenship etc. Being able to go home for homeoffice instead of the 3 weeks we have now.
Less frustrating, cumbersome and inefficient processes. More agility and empowerment lower in the organization.
more 1:1 communications with managers in these times, more development opportunities like mentorship and  leadership programs could be a good space for leveraging work motivation these days
They need to walk their talk
Extend summer hours to year round. Provide framework for promotions.
Continue to work on communication between different departments. Otherwise. Merck is a great place to work!
As a newer employee, a place to stay up to date on what is happening in the company especially in response to COVID and what the offices are doing/when are they reopening.   The onboarding process was more learn and things come up and I think a more centralized training would be helpful. At least a list of people to go to to answer what questions may arise especially since we are in a virtual environment.
reduce the workload per employee
For our site its look at pinch points and bottle necks. Business processes are mostly not beneficial and should be looked at for the benefit of progressing the actual processes.  Show some appreciation to the people working from home, not just the ones that continue to come to site, it is often more difficult than going into work
Get alignment throughout the Leadership spine on priorities and commitment to them. I often see executive leadership alignment but that same alignment is not cascaded down through other layers of the leadership.
Ensure that adequate resources and personnel are available throughout departments and that departments are properly resourced well in advance of large projects. This will reduce the stress load that is experienced when individuals are over loaded with work and end up working long hours to try and keep up with demands.
Continue to offer working from home as a productive and efficient new way of working.
continuing to offer flexible hours and working from home options post pandemic
Further outreach into under served communities by making medicines more available. Help drive education initiatives.
another bonus for risk working onsite every day of pandemic, while others stay home payed without risk of exposure to covid.
Keep being great, make wiser investment choices/pick winning projects that can turn into a life-long product
THE Company is doing a great job with their objective and mission
MSD is a very inclusive work place, I recently joined MSD and really felt welcomed and included and people took the time to meet and say hello, it seemed second nature to them to do that. I think that there is very high level of control in the company compared to other I have worked for which when over done can lead to a lack of empowerment as people seem to want to know everything that is going on. It needs to be understood what true empower is and feels like. The individual stepping up and the leader letting them.
salary increase
Undersized bonuses as compared to Merck's growth through 2020. Flexibility to work from home, or not to, as compared to colleagues. 5 days / week in office non-negotiable. High rate of leadership turnover at the detriment of the department. Unrelenting deadlines without the resources to complete.
Need to fix resourcing issues.  We have contractors assigned to important Merck studies that can up and leave at any time and we are unable to fill positions (both contractors and permanent employees) with trained candidates, instead we keep borrowing partial resources from other studies, making people over worked and stretched too thin.
Overall, Merck and MSD are a great place to work. The remote working environment has been a challenge and upon returning to a new normal post-pandemic, senior leaders will really need to figure out how to ensure engagement and personal connections with the company. As the employee base turns over and we continue to work in an impersonal environment, employees will lose their interpersonal connection to each other and to the company. It won't be immediately apparent but will occur over time with turnover.  Walk the talk. My manager's talk is well intended but not necessarily apparent in my manager's actions.
Keep listening and adjusting. COVID-19 is not over yet, but we are doing well with all the change.
Improve communication between departments. Eliminate the use of Micromanagement tools (Daily Updates/SmartQC), as they make employees feel like they aren't being trusted to do their jobs, and only serve to increase anxiety
Offer excellent training both NEO and on the job.  Authentic encouragement appreciation for job performance.
I think the focus on diversity and inclusion is a great step forward. Making sure these efforts are maintained and supported long term will be important to Merck's future.
Being able to keep adapting to the change in the world
At Merck, we have the luxury of throwing people and money at problems (and most of the time focused just on major franchises like Keytruda and Gardasil) but I would love to see us change our business processes and structures to enable smarter ways of working that increase efficiencies without adding/ moving FTE as the primary solution. We need to further enable digital technologies and data analytics to inform and automate decision making at all levels. The fact that we still run million dollar franchises out of Excel and PowerPoints in 2021 should be appalling.
Re-evaluate workload during the pandemic.  Pace has not slowed since March 2020.  Can't keep going like this.
Merck should avoid political agenda's. Popular topics are currently leaning toward an uncertain future, supporting these agenda's should be avoided.
Continue to make sure employee compensation matches other opportunities and be willing to negotiate salaries if someone has a better offer from a local competitor.
Promote/ acknowledge the individuals who deserve it.
Seems like there are a lot of systems and channels to have to go through in order to get access to things or to get things done.  Wish there was more of a streamlined process for our business and only a couple of electronic systems to handle our day-to-day activities.
All employees treated as equals. Focus on our mission and not politics and politically charged issues.
If merck really cares about employee mental health and well-being then actual helpful resources should be provided, such as additional employees to help manage workloads and real prioritization of projects. Providing seminars when employees are already over-worked, stressed out, and don't have enough time to finish baseline work is not helpful.
Invest more in research and development
find more effective ways of assessing people's workloads; i find that managers are hampered in their ability to accurately assess this. i am not bashing managers. Much of this is due to the nature of the work. It has always been a problem.
Actively review workload to ensure colleagues are not overburdened, now that people are working from home. Consider the amount of meetings people need to attend daily, could this be reduced? Attending meetings all day reduces actual time to get work done.
Merck and MSD is a fantastic place to work as is however from my perspective it has to think and act more global. People movement need to be looked holistically rather then US centric or EU centric. People movement from Asia Pacific to other regions within MMD are close to nil.
I'd like to see a sharing board for health resources for families. It's very difficult to find good psychiatric care for teenagers. I'd like use crowd sourcing at Merck to find recommended providers across the country.  Please ask employees what Research they would like to see Merck explore.
Help rid the world of Covid-19
Challenges the works of working. New mindset for new process that can help us be more compliant and remove the waste of paper. Improve the networking among sites, specially the ones that are making the same product, it will help to streamline the processes across the network and capture lesson learn.
Be innovative , continue to tap into developing novel medications, taking care of employees
Already is. But to be better, directors should be more concerned with people management, and give managers greater autonomy. Having a structure of coordinators below the managers would be important, if not, the cumulative work gets very complicated.
As a relatively new hire to Merck, the one thing that is very overwhelming to me is the amount of portals that house information and training needed (Engagezone, Spark, WorkDay etc) so streamlining that would be a big help.
Stay out of politics. Keep political beliefs to themselves and focus on patient safety and the quick development of life saving vaccines.
Nothing I can think of.
Allow same flexibility for admin assistants to work remotely as other workers. We have shown that we are able to do it during this pandemic.
Mercks own regulations have gone to far and is now hindering work. Decisions are being made by people not educated in what our dept does, these decisions have also hindered work. Not what it used to be, glad i am retiring soon.
Customer centric approach.  Development opportunities
My Director is fabulous and is growth focused.  I feel confident that under his leadership my role is stable.  At a corporate level though I worry about lay offs.  Further, It is wonderful that the organization encourages work/life balance but there are no incentives for leadership at departmental levels to align policy with this goal.  For example, Merck offers paid volunteer hours but there is no assessment of whether departments actually encourage staff to give back.  This would be an easy measure of work life balance.  Similarly, continuing education would help strengthen our business.  However, the process for tuition reimbursement has opportunity for improvement.   I love working here and hope to retire at Merck.  That is why I am giving honest feedback on ways to improve.
We need to have the appropriate resources available so work volumes are more manageable
Build a culture which involves everybody and functions through mechanisms not on organizational chart where everyone, all the time, understands "why" we do what we do.
I think Senior managers should do as they preach.  If they say no meetings before 8AM or lunch or after 4 and constantly schedule them.  I don't think diversity should really just be a number or check box on the interview plan.
Include team members in changes that will affect their work.
Our team is small and many of my team members have more work than we can handle.  We are currently hiring contractors, but we need permanent members with specialized skills to meet specific needs (i.e. industrial hygiene, environmental management, ergonomics, etc.)
We are routinely behind our competitors, in spending and in managing risk. Merck and MSD should be willing to supplement budgets so that we can effectively "show up" like our competitors do at various activities, meetings, congresses, etc. We are so risk averse and conservative, our red tape keeps us from being able to be proactive. We are instead, reactive. It takes weeks to get approvals to do something new or to make decisions. We need to be removing obstacles, not adding them.
I think that a step forward regarding wellbeing and balance live/work was extremely necessary and establish it as an organizational culture and behavior.  This was made in our subsidiary and I think is the beginning of something very positive that will impact the employees and subsequently the organizational results.
Expanding benefits to include fertility treatments to those who elect to pursue alternative means of having a family
Empower employees to do their jobs within reasonable guidelines.
I am pleased with the steps currently being taken and throughout the pandemic period I have felt very supported especially being mostly on site to date.  The D and I initiatives are very encouraging and I hope that they will continue to the point of becoming the norm.
Accept innovation indeed means don't use company standard rule to limit or measure everywhere. if only have one sound that it's only because standard, MSD won't be great
Talent retention should be a priority.  If we have an individual who is doing a job function entirely alone but doesn't have the years of experience to be promoted in a job description, HR should not block them from being able to be promoted.
On-site employees or partially on site employees still need to use a computer at a desk at times while on site.  It's not possible to both assign people to work on site in touchdown spaces AND support employee ergonomics (availability of monitor at appropriate height for individual, ergonomic keyboard as required, appropriate chair for size of individual, etc).
Merck needs to place more emphasis on critical job skills and stop focusing so much on culture.  Our mission is to make the world a healthier place by bringing important medicines to the people, but we have gotten distracted from that mission.  Our society has significant issues to resolve, but Merck has been placing a disproportionate amount of its internal attention on addressing those ills instead of making us better in the arenas we compete in.
Be more proactive in providing the resource of people.  People within our department is drowning.  The amount of work have increased with the new technology put in place to track changes with many layers of extra work, however, the human resource has been kept under the required level to do the job properly and without stress.
Look into more shipping/packaging depots.  The Fisher Germany depot delays are causing so much anxiety and extra hours of work daily, with unhappy clients.  Nearly my entire time working on Merck studies, there have been packaging capacity issues (need to explore more packaging facilities or convert some unused buildings on campus to more packaging rooms), packaging release issues (need to hire more QA personnel), and QP release issues (need to look into more QP resources).  Now add the Fisher depot delays on top of that, and we are jumping through hoops trying to get a job packaged and released, then shipped and released to our primary and secondary depots, then delivered from depots to sites while trying not to have patients off drug.  It has never been this bad, not even after the cyber attack.  Majority of my colleagues and I can barely keep our heads above the water.
Feel free to add comments for improve work activities
There is a lot of talk about valuing work-life balance and people resources However, there is no real change to allow team members to achieve their optimal work-life balance or to have a manageable work-load.  I feel I work more now in the virtual environment and there is more work to do.  Despite sharing this information, there is reluctance to grow people resources (ie add jobs) to keep up with the volume of work and to achieve a better balance.   The company has made investments in tools/resources for the field teams, which is welcomed.  However, when these tools are resources introduce cumbersome workflows and create inefficiencies that are voiced, there is reluctance to give heed and turn to other solutions.  It seems the investment despite not meeting needs continues to be forced upon the team.  The amount of MyLearnings is out of hand.  It is difficult to accomplish all of my priority work and then be bombarded with 5-10 new MyLearnings in a month.
Continue to challenge the status quo in terms of our work processes.  Do we really need all the steps involved?  How can we streamline and push decision making down while continuing to meet our policy and compliance requirements.  We still tend to be our own worst enemy in terms of over-engineering/over-complicating/ and being slow to implement change aligned to business needs
Better work life balance and career development for promotion
The excellent experience I have in my current team was not always the experience I had working in MSD. Working in a previous team was like working in a different company and was not a pleasant experience. We need keep cultural and behavioral consistencies across all our teams, function and, especially, our managers across the company.
Resources only have to be allocated 90% of their capacity to allow for incidents . We are always more than 100% allocated and spend evening and weekends to catch up on work. We need more resources to do quality work
I saw frequently when myself and colleagues got very busy, we tend to forget to hydrate or feed ourselves. I got ill because this reason at least once a year. Would like to see Merck put more water stations and signs to remind people to hydrate themselves. Maybe offer healthy snacks for people who cannot make it for lunch on a busy day.
Especially during the pandemic and a heavy inspection year, evaluation of priorities should be re-assessed at WP. Across work areas (LQA, LO, and support groups) are all stretched to the maximum. Everyone is trying their best, but with the run the business work, process improvements and V599 prep/feasibility, it's a lot of competing priorities with understood (and accepted importance).
Reinforce attitudes for a better work/life balance  Reinforce support for all employess with regards to COVID-19 pandemic (financial and emotional support)
For field sales - we need to be able to be physically in front of customers (if possible) if we have been vaccinated. Many of my peers are in field but not me! Not a level playing field. Also - new policy with maximum of 12 ffms per hcp is crazy. We in vaccines/chronic care are competing with each other for time in front of adult pcp hcps at an FFM because of Merck’s oncology division being so large - new policy of 12 FFMs should be a division (oncology, vaccine, chronic care) maximum, not an overall Merck company max per hcp. Positive note - I do love the opportunity to have virtual lunches and phone calls with customers. Thank you, thank you! A hybrid in person/virtual approach should be our new normal.
Increase female 600 band level %
I think Merck has done a great job in transforming for the future in my 10 years. I think there is still a conflict in the person and work life balance. Merck puts an emphasis on this but leaders do not demonstrate this. I know from my team at least, this sets the wrong message and tone. However, I am guilty as well as I cannot do my job in a 50 hr work week and I am forced to work in the evenings and weekends. This is common with my peers.
Merck is doing a great job.  Keep it up.
Receive feedback from the people who actually do the job.
keep doing what you are doing! I LOVE the progress so far!!!!
Value their employees, build a strong culture of mission to help patients, continue to grow R & D and bring new novel products to market, improve incentive plan across sales divisions, and provide opportunities to learn, develop and advance career.
Continue to leverage technology for  enhanced remote working.
Ensure that work-life balance is maintained by having the right people in the right jobs. Do not rely only on your out performers to do all the work. Instead, create a company of outperformers to share the workload.
Pay structure needs re-evaluating.  Long gone are the days of reps staying because of loyalty, pensions, etc.  Salary swings of $80K in oncology is sad.  Incentivize reps with other prizes than Inspire Points - big deal when just anyone can send Inspire points to any person for anything - that is not motivating.  Re-evaluate how Diversity and Inclusion is being discussed.  The culture here at Merck Oncology is becoming too one sided and is driving those that don’t agree with the “Merck side” away.
Treat all employees equal management and union. Also make upper management stay in the position they have at least 3 years.
Continue to have higher level conversations with the larger team to keep alignment and help the entire team to move forward with the same goals.
Walk the talk. New perspectives don't seem to be valued as much as how it's always been done. Invest in your employees.
1) Our company should act on surveys. The last survey found that the atmosphere in company is not good. The only thing that happen among management was guessing why.... No real work to find out why, no real change... Just warm recommendation to managers to improve the situations. It means either our senior LT thinks that managers know what is the reason and deliberately not acting, or we our senior LT  has no clue how to manage complex systems thinking that survey can reveals the reasons.... In both cases this is bad for our company....    2) Senior LT should focus on the technical expertise and distinguish what was delivered and what was just promised (=left in dust). Right now the "selling slides" are enough to succeed. Claims "it is working" or "it is aligned" are enough as LT can't see reality... There are managers that despite failing so many times in a row are still in power...e.g. failed again in NGA Architecture, or built another duplicated silo are now managing again in CTO.
Hire more full time employees so the current employees are not overworked and stressed
Allow more permanent work from home for those that have been doing so for 1+ years successfully.  I cannot imagine doing the level of work I have been this past year with a commute added on top.  I'd be happy with occasional report to site for specific meetings.  If I have to add a commute back in then I feel my productivity (potentially Merck's productivity) will take a hit as I cannot add more hours to my work day.
Incorporate lessons from the pandemic (i.e. how we can function quite effectively by remote).  Acknowledge the stressors (internal and external) that employees are feeling (and recognize that preaching mindfulness isn't enough).  Continue as part of Fortify the Future to refine the programs / products we are developing.
reduce number of meeting per day as we need time also for  mails and writing documents  reduce number of global training
Streamline overly complicated processes with overly complex SOPs (such as manufacturing change control).  Increase speed of decision-making and implementation of actions (e.g. market decisions) since delays create uncertainty and non-value added work.
From past experiences, I feel the company has not followed through on its claim to value the mental health of the employees. I would like to see evidence of the mental health policy at work. Right now it feels as if it is simply a box-ticking exercise.
Pay more respect to industrial experience and less attention to the credentials of overeducated youth.  Quit hiring and promoting based on appearances.  Merck management needs new blood.  If small molecules hasn't come up with decent drugs since Januvia, perhaps those people shouldn't be leading the company's culture.
the principle of "work more with less" is incredibly toxic especially during a global pandemic. when teams finally have sufficient resources to do the work comfortably we get flagged as overstaffed and see where we can have people re-prioritized. Many teams also have no pathway for contractors to grow and develop within MSD so we end up spending a lot of time, energy, and resources re-training a revolving door. We need a stable foundation and treating contractors as disposable is no way for a business to survive.
The list of training classes need to be scrubbed by job function.  I spend a lot of time taking courses that are not relevant to my role in the company.
Colleagues are working an unbelievable number of hours supporting the growth and continued compliance of Merck.  There is limited recognition of that and a continued reliance and additional responsibilities on those colleagues that have performed well.  It does lead to frustration and burn out.
The company is doing a great job already!
Follow-up with employees who have been the target of psychotic work place bullies.
Merck and MSD has always been a leader in the pharma industry.  I believe Merck leads the industry in being a great place to work.  I have no suggestions for improvement.
1. The managers should hold the annual review meeting (1:1) before finalizing the review with the employee, not after self deciding and closing the feedback and salary raise and after wards informing the subordinates in the meeting that things have been finalized and nothing can be done. 2. The company should clarify the work from home policy for jobs which can be performed from home/remotely. It will help the employees working remotely to settle down in the places where they actually want to live and buy home, rather than in a limbo if they will be called back on site locations.
In this digital world it is imperative that reps can at least put a product name in an email.  I understand the challenges and need for reps not to make product claims etc.  It is hard to communicate without saying a product name or at least a disease state.
Explore more opportunities to purchase/license new modalities
Continue to offer opportunities for growth and advancement either in-role or in another role within the company.
Utilize an external consultant and conduct in-depth analysis of the health and wealth of AA and LatinX US employees.  Share the results with employees and facilitate a reconciliation process.  Then, take the lead of others in BioPharm (like Pfizer, Gilead, etc) to create a process that will address the inequities in a SMART way, with consistent feedback and tracking of progress.
I think we should be less conservative, both when it comes to the way we approach new drug development and manufacturing, and also in how we speak up when it comes to the injustice we see in society.
Continue the working remote flexibility.  The flexibility helped my work/life balance, allowed me to be here more for my kids with school, kept my home life/schedule manageable and in turn kept my stress level down.
I don't like how a new employee can be hired at a higher salary than an existing employee who is a better, more productive individual.  It is nearly impossible to get the salary adjusted without a promotion and there is usually not a position available for advancement.
I feel that Merck does a good job to deliver on our mission and to make the company a great place to work. I feel that we truly make a difference in what we do for the health of the world. I am proud of working at Merck.
We need time to spend with our people on the floor. Too many initiatives at the same time.
Continue to listen to the workers and provide appropriate resources to compete tasks.
Managers should ensure that prioritization of work is important to ensure that people are spending time focusing on the fewer, clear priorities. Reducing the amount of meetings and more time committed towards deep work. Please continue to focus on Employee health and well being. The pandemic has shown that LIFE and Human health is very fragile. Every step should be taken that Ways of Working ensure that employee stress levels and well being is emphasized balanced with business goals and priorities.
Formal supervisor training programs to increase quality of direct line managers.  Also, train and trust your employees.
Continue to innovate and create value for customers with new products, and/or agreements to promote products with other companies!
Post-covid, find ways to remove calls from everyone's calendars and improving efficiency
Require managers to actively engage in specific, goal oriented career growth/development discussions atleast once a month. For passionate and eager employees, encourage their initiative in this area and work together on a timeline.
IT systems and supports -remove barriers to obtaining access and multiple un-cordinated access rights requirements. improve overall network relability and reduce software updates and associated interruptions Training Management  - more co-ordination in identification of training needs Decision making - improve clarity of the role of decision makers across global and local teams
Start including our military and those who have served our country in our D&I program. Merck focuses on race, including all races but Caucasian. A lot of employees are feeling secluded who are Caucasian.
Continue to allow flexibility in ways of working. Allowing full time remote positions with travel to office on an as needed basis.
With as much love and compassion as possible, hold firm to God's word.  Don't run the company with a point of view from man, but from a Godly view.  Then watch and be amazed at what he does for Merck.
1) Diversify portfolio to avoid dependence on a single program 2) Encourage hard work and talent
improve on getting opinions from a broader and diverse group of colleagues
Be more clear and explicit about Company strategy, more effective and efficient in its processes, value and invest in its employees and talents.
Emphasize the importance of Agriculture and food production
Try to remain focused on the science, advancing people on merit, and less on everything that happens outside work
Often conflicting messages in managing your stress, workload, and well being, where we are encouraged to take time and expected/pressure to still deliver.
Address the mass exodus of upper management and local reps. Locally reps are frustrated because their are too many individuals trying to call on the same customer. Additionally with the inclusion of MBOs , reps are incented to compete against each other instead of working together. The weekly RAT makes territory management near impossible. How can you reschedule a lunch that took you months to get when the tool the week before says your red and you can’t go.? Most of us have been fully vaccinated for over a month. Time to move away from RAT. Many of our competitors are in the field. VPDGs are hard to make successful as speakers can only speak to the label and not their professional experience. Additionally many of our competitors can supply food and we can’t, so we are disadvantaged. I applaud the move to no longer make it mandatory to have a college degree for a sales rep position. However if Merck only hires from contract sales forces that do require a degree, it’s an empty success.
I'm a long term Merck Employee. I wish one thing from Merck Sr Leadership that they do not use Merck's name in the political arena. Case and point recently what Major League Baseball did in regards to the All Star Game moving from Atlanta Georgia to Colorado. Merck joined other corporations siding with MLB in that decision. This does not reflect what all Merck employees believe, and I believe it sheds a poor light on Merck, and I'm a proud employee of Merck. Please do not engage the great name of Merck/MSD in the political arena, we love this company and do not wish to have it dragged in the mud. We've been told not to talk politics at work, yet our leadership is doing what we are told not to do.
Thank you for taking the time to listen via this survey. I believe we need a focus how we incent and the systems we have in place that are truly driving our culture. We are still in need of more of a mindset shift from silos to networks. People are still rewarded and act on furthering their project and their division versus stepping back and making decisions for the greater good. We still spend time overthinking and over-engineering projects, and the volume, length, weight of the output is what is rewarded versus a measure of what it did for the organization.  We would benefit from a resourced and operationalized process that allows full enterprise deployment, measurement and sustainment of initiatives. Our reliance on volunteers and development opportunities to drive key cultural elements such as moving towards a more diverse and inclusive culture remains stalled because of lack of sponsorship and a true enterprise commitment.
Flexible ways of working (work from home if we want, even after the pandemic)
Be more inclusive, less U.S. centric. Walk the talk and really caring for employees and their families.
Invest in employees salaries that are comparable to competition
Merck and MSD need to focus on the mission critical factors for the business.  There are many programs started or implemented under the guise of improvement that simply add execution complexity.   These programs need to be rooted out and ended.   That said, I do admire that the company ended the CMV and Covid vaccine programs relatively quickly from my perspective when the clinical data came back unfavorable.  This is the right direction.
Build / rent some company health centres for employees & families.
LT and HR should take actions to retain employees
LISTEN to their people.  Let people know they are being heard.  Make people part of the success.  We want to be here.  We want to be here! And it doesn’t feel like you want us here.  MERCK does not show that there care about this feedback.
stay out of politics and current events.  allow people to speak up without fear of retribution, regardless of their race.  White people should be able to have a say in things just like those of other races.  Reverse racism is still racism.
Merck needs to simplify and streamline the organization
Need manager support for career development. No 1:1s taking place. Management do not follow through with action items. Work load not distributed based on the levels.
decentralize decison making.  let mid-level individual contributors be part of planning and decision making rather than sources of information for others.
Provide free gym memberships or workout facilities on campus at reduced rates.  Allow for 1-2 hours per week just dedicated to improvement / optimization outside the routine day to day activities.
Ensure Merck Leadership behaviors are embraced and embody all leaders above director across the organization.  Drive an empowering culture to ensure success and job satisfaction across the organization.
I feel that management has had lots of training on how to pay lip service to diversity, inclusion and acceptance of personal differences. In reality I do not feel that any lasting changes have occurred.
Replacing systems every few years takes a lot of time and effort for employees to learn. Seems I just get to feel comfortable working with a system or process and it is decommissioned and something new put in its place. The new system does not always have clear advantages or perhaps whatever positive feature(s) it might bring are out-weighed by the difficulty of transitioning and learning.
Training to fill the gaps where operators have little to no experience in some areas. Hire more people to buddy-up new employees, open a hands on training prior to any type activity that needs performed for production.
Help employees in mantain a good work-life balance. Be more rigurous to everyone respect a short work day on fridays for example.
Rebalance resources between operations and projects. We have too many people working on projects that will go nowhere while resources to run the business are cut.
Continue on path of strong leadership and voice on matters internal and external.....  Seeing the company having such a clear and strong voice on social matters, public well being matters - all bring home our mission.
Make sure the right people are in the right positions. Allowing Managers to promote their employees within the organization. Make sure Managers reward the positives and make sure employees are rewarded for a job well done. Moving up the ladder within an team has not been focused on in recent years. The acknowledgement for excelling at one's work gives employees the drive to strive for more.
The Company is doing a stellar job in encouraging, growing and accelerating young talent and young people generally.   May be they could also recognise the contributions to the company of the older and more experienced people working in the lower echelons of the hierarchy - this group can feel overlooked, ignored and sidelined.
Value the talent of current employees.  Try to retain employees.  Employee referrals.   Continue to put patients first.  Merck has an excellent reputation with our customers - so maintain that.
Please continue to listen to the representatives who are out in the field selling our products
1. Creating flexible work from days after the pandemic 2. Implementation or push for more digital tools to help work efficiently
Continue to provide emails about return to work i n the US, continue to provide transparent updates about the company's transitions (new CEO, new EVPs) and future goals.
Go back to offering the employees stock options.  It increases commitment and engagement.
Stay out of politics and just make good products.  Invest in technology that has a return on investment for the customer and reduce employees.
Same as commented in q17.
Expand on the innovative culture.
I think the limitations on some technologies from being developed with in the company is a limitation. A lot of times there are people with the capabilities within the company to create technology products but are not given the means/allowed to, therefore we often look to costly outside vendors.
Ensure line management takes safety seriously.
Continue to promote flexible work arrangements such as telecommuting to keep productivity at its current level.
Continue alternative working arrangements as environment has not yet returned to "normal"
Take a longer term view and innovate vs doing things "as always"
I find that bureaucracy often gets in the way of moving projects forward and having a sense of ownership of a project. I feel like having a sense of ownership of a project is competitive which makes the environment slightly less collaborative. Make the compliance organization less restrictive or have more bandwidth so that it is not such a huge roadblock. Allow flexibility with work from home as we ease back into 'pre-pandemic' life.
Maintain strong communication and transparency about the vision for the company as we transition with Organon and return from pandemic conditions.  Look for new ways of working and move with speed.
Hiring managers should hire qualified employees with in the organization. Manager should not overlook their current employees. The company should be fair across the board. Black educated employees are overlooked. You have employees with no degree in roles that require degrees. This does not uphold the companies mission statement and values.
I would like to see a more structured way to ensure personal, one-on-one support and coaching.
Continue to provide flexible work arrangements, including flexible work hours and remote work options.
Give everyone equal opportunity to grow to the next level,
Continue to support employees who are the driving force behind change in the organization and to our historic policies or practices that need to change to help Merck evolve to become a leader in the industry once again.
Continue to promote racial injustice and actively promote diversity
More consideration on loss of a child (ie.  only 3 days bereavement).  Used all vacation time to get things in order and have time to grieve, not enough time.
Leaders should get a better understanding of what goes on at the lower levels of the organization, exactly what they do and what their challenges are.
For those who want it, find a way to help develop and advance people, beyond their current roles.  Understand that "top talent" is about opportunity to participate in "grand" initiatives, and may not represent all the talent.  Put the responsibility on me as an employee to seek out opportunity, but enable that development and career planning per the work I am willing to invest into it.  IF this already exists, I am not aware, for I am constantly seeking opportunities to develop and highlight my talent for leadership.
I believe that there is not enough thanks given to persons for their efforts.  The monetary thanks is good, but there is really not enough personal thanks given to persons who are really going past what is expected.
The company desperately needs to (1) adjust its hyper-conservative compliance culture, (2) deeply invest in actual diversity development (not MyLearning trainings...) and recruitment, (3) put resources against its claimed recognition of the value of policy and patient advocacy, and (4) bring in new, creative leadership with a willingness to take calculated risks - particularly on the marketing, access, and stakeholder engagement fronts. While we should continue to lead with our science, we also need to figure out how to show up in a less sterile and more meaningful way. Finally - having a patient advocacy board with compliance guidance that says patient advocates cannot participate is absolutely absurd. We must correct our flawed compliance habits.
Encourage fewer meetings and ensure there is less pressure to work on evenings and weekends.
Not to restructure every 12-18 months! It’s hard to be positive with this looming over us every year! Practice what they preach... it’s great to have different pillars but let’s act on them. Also more employee appreciation.
Ensure there is enough work/life balance.
We need to fill open positions to maintain the level of production.  This freezing all hiring is exhausting to the remaining people to have to pick up other's workloads.
A lot of the tools we utilize daily could be streamlined. It feels like we often create a solution to a problem, which in turn is another item we have to work with. Instead why not try and see if one or two systems could do the job of the what feels like millions we use.
Continue focusing on employee growth and professional development, continue engaging in dialogue with employees, give employees a platform/means to explore/grow/test their own ideas, embrace and foster more flexible work options.
Stop engaging in "woke" political commentary and actions that do not further Merck's core mission and alienate employees who disagree with these political views and actions.
Remove barriers and beauracracy within marketing that slows down meaningful actions.   Create customer based P&L not brand based P&L
Work and life balance, thinking more of the employees' well-being, focusing on practical things that help employees. On the high level, Merck to continue to come up with products for patients, maybe with targeted/prioritized pipeline development, increasing our success rate.
Be more nimble and open to implementing new ideas and changes. There is a lot of sharing but not much doing when it comes to ideas. The amount of overlapping roles and function of commercial and medical affairs teams in HQ nd the Field creates inefficiencies, stress, and confusion. There needs to be a clear understanding from the leadership level of how these roles play out since teams keep being built (especially in Oncology) and with each team wanting to show value, there are unnecessary redundancies that are not seen in other companies.
Continue to support its employees.
MSD India should timely  launch new products(e.g-Bridion,gardasil-9,zarbaxa ,) as per market demand and also take approvals from local authority for new indications for already existing products (e.g. Keytruda-only two indications approved till date)
Keep it simple:   Ensure Training is focused and ne sent all to folks it does not apply Too much on Managers, trying do HR role, manage work, write QNs, project work...etc Safety:  Merck claims "Safety" focuses is small things and avoids tackling the big problems  Safety:  Leadership weak, taskers at best.  Safety leadership off site should survey plant supervisors --- come talk to the folks.   Safety Near Miss:  Near miss is treated like a game, true near miss is not recognizable.
Honestly i think the company should leave the politics to the politicians.
Continue to encourage employees to speak up, and to hold one another accountable. Continue to provide an environment where individuals can feel free to disagree, but not at the expense of causing harm to others
Put in place a robust Inclusion and diversity plan that truly provided opportunity for all employees to contribute to the organization and grow within the organization and get to leadership positions
Stay out of politics so everyone can feel welcome.
We have an always 'on' culture. The pace is fast and the work load is large. This only seems to have gotten worse during the pandemic. Senior leaders are saying all the right things, yet there is a very poor work-life balance. We have to be willing to walk the walk if leaders are going to talk the talk.
Value work-life balance, continue supporting employee well-being, provide clear pathways to growth and advancement for top talent.
Focus on people.
There seems to be barriers at every turn that prevent you from doing work efficiently and effectively. What should be simple tasks are often difficult to perform.
Keep re-thinking about the guidelines and process created in the past, that  doesn't reflect the current reality and in some cases delay the process.
Reduce the number of "green lights" (approvals) you need to receive before doing something.  Many decisions seem to require passing through multiple stages where you get a yellow light and have to wait, before then receiving either a green light to continue or red light to stop work.  I think we are very conservative with taking decisions so we like to implement many layers of governance and approval which slows things down and introduces uncertainty in whether or not an idea might actually be adopted.
Including actions and active encouragement from leaders of all levels for employees to engage in mental healthcare practices.
Continue what they're doing!
I just revamped my WFH station (new desk, new monitor and arm). I feel weird asking Merck to pay for things because I had Merck pay for my new chair last year. Would be nice if everyone just got like $200 or something to apply to their WFH needs however needed?
When compliance outweighs common sense the end is near. The company is driven by compliance and will likely never change
Simplify the processes onsite-Too many procedures not aligned.  Better communication of changes/more notice provided and more consultation needed with impacted groups before a change is implemented. Change control process to be streamlined as currently a bottleneck for change/agility onsite
Continue to improve our systems  (especially in improving the change control system) and invest at our manufacturing sites (ensuring we have capability of making in-house buffers instead of outsourcing them, which adds cost and supply risk)
leave politics out of the company and allow different voices to be heard
Politics is too intertwined with the current Merck culture. I have no problem with both sides being represented in anything, but it is very clear that only one side is approved for vocalization, and it makes those with values that do not align with the progressive left-leaning agenda feel marginalized and it is definitely not safe to speak up for those who have any other views.  It is my opinion that politics in the workplace should be respectful so that everyone feels comfortable, but this is definitely not the current atmosphere.
Merck does a great job at many things.   However, development still appears to be for a few chosen individuals.   If those whom are deemed less important to develop decide to prioritize that development, Merck can lose significant talent.
Embrace flexibility / new ways of working.  Readjust pay scale to top 75% to attract and retain talent.
Ensure proper investment, resources, and business development needed in vaccine division to make sure we can stay relevant and competitive in light of all the new technology and players that have come out of the COVID-19 vaccine efforts.
I genuinely enjoy working at Merck.  This is the third pharma co I've worked at and by FAR the best work culture I've ever been a part of!  I'm very thankful to have landed at Merck!
Each professional discipline should have separate career path and job titles so the skills are correctly aligned to the job function.
Employees are tired of hearing they need to give more and more without more resources.  This is no a long term, ongoing way to run a business if you want motivated, engaged, happy workforce.
1. Merck has Diversity & Inclusion programs, yet, I see very little Diversity & Inclusion of African American women in leadership roles.  2. Merck remote work policies are behind the times and too restrictive.
It is well known that working in a virtual environment causes tasks to take longer than in person, however there have been no concrete steps by the company to reduce overall workload or hire additional staff. Many members of our team are near to, or experiencing burnout.
Continue to tie the work people do the impact Merck has on the World.
It's been proven time and time again that when a company values it's employees, those employees will value the company. Right now, I have a job and not a career and don't really care about merck's success because it means nothing to me. Merck doesn't share it's success with it's union employees, so why should I care? Merck is all about PROFITS and nothing else!!
Make timely decisions and then stick by those decisions recognizing that the decisions that are made have impacts on employees and their families. Making announcements about moves and then changing the decision about who moves and when, while may be in the companies best interests, they negatively impact the employees as they have to made plans based on the original announcement. Now employees are placed in difficult positions and there is a lack of recognition of this by management.
Findings way to help relieve some stress that is job related here at Merck.
We are processed overkill; the processes are too complicated and at times not necessary. There are ways to do things with less complications.
-Streamline governance reviews especially in fast-paced, non-traditional programs -Share more freely information that teams need to do their jobs instead of limiting them to select few at higher governances (including PDT) -Ensure transparency in messaging and direction and strategy between Headquarters staff and local/country and regional staff for ALL functional areas ("left hand does not know what the right hand is doing" happens too much) -For critical programs (ie COVID) ensure an all hands on deck philosophy to get the work done when needed in an accelerated manner.  Expectation is that people keep all their existing programs and add on high paced, accelerated programs with lots of uncertainty which burns people out very rapidly.
Continue to look at long term goals and resist the urge to be centered on quarterly numbers.  Model leadership for industry and the profession.  Ensure alignment of all activities to our mission to improve and save lives.
More support with MSD Direct issues.  Clear timelines and tolls to manage customer queries
Continue to be proactive in bringing new products and investing into internal development work to keep up with very competitive changing market out there!
Continue to offer growth opportunities and encourage new ways of thinking. When senior management positions open, ensure that existing employees have a fair chance at getting them.
More work from home opportunities in our current roles
Support managers and supply adequate resources from a headcount perspective. Headcount requirement decisions should incorporate coal face managers rather than groups detached from the actual workload.
need manager  to not show favor to some people more need other.  need manager to come out of office and see what going on  for them self and not letting leader tech tell them ever thing.  went you go to them and they said they are to busy to talk about issues in  the lab.
If Merck would like to be the #1 Oncology Company then Merck will have to leave behind what has worked in the past, and adopt a new system for success in oncology. If I am hearing, ‘this is just the way Merck is, or this is just the way Merck has always done things’ then this way of thinking is a barrier to innovation. There are a lot of tenured oncology reps from other companies that work at Merck that could help with ideas. The products in oncology are first rate, but a great product is not enough.
Focus on value added work, look for opportunities for efficiencies and improve on work/life balance.
Take a look at current inflation rates as they compare to raises and at least try to match inflation at the least. It’s nice to get a raise but then you find that insurance, car, taxes, etc has all increased more than your pay rate and you never see the raise on your paycheck, it’s frustrating.
Incentivize learning/shadowing other departments within Merck to obtain a greater understanding of the Company's working parts.
Create a true work life balance
Continue to be flexible and listen to their employees.
I am fairly new and onboarding remotely. I look forward to being onsite, but it would be very helpful to have 1-2 days that I continue to work remotely, and/or meeting scheduling that starts at 9 a.m. to accommodate childcare responsibilities in the morning.
I am concerned the path we are taking toward diversity and heavy focus on race will create an environment of disharmony if people of all sexes and colors think they are receiving new roles or promotions based on race and sex vs. merit.  It will erode the good work we have done up to now improving inclusion and culture.
Encourage people to be change agents.  The old ways of working aren't efficient enough for today's climate and too many people are still stuck in their old mindset.
Continue to challenge ways of working, including maintaining some remote work in roles that have typically been site base roles (post-pandemic). Continuing to value both business results and "the how" work is done.
Provide sufficient resources and staffing to support pipeline programs to improve employees work/life balance.
1.  Empower managers to be able to make decisions critical to their team with out the feeling that they have to double and triple check with their manager on basic team management.  2.  Ensure when possible decisions are made with the necessary level of input to ensure the impact of the change is minimized when possible or at least have awareness and be open to receiving feedback when things do not go as planned.  3.  Ensure that employees feel heard.  4.  Ensure organizations have a clear understanding of the different arms within their organization including how they fit into the overall puzzle and their impact to the organization or a way to receive insight on how different initiatives will impact their organization not only from the top down but from the bottom up.  5.  Allow employees to provide solutions to problems that may be different than the majority opinion without the fear of negative consequences.
MSD office in Thailand is not nice to work. The management team & Facility team should improve it. HR in Thailand should initiate program for employee e.g. discuss about welfare or allowance.. At least should review it to be the same standard in the industrial. Company can make employee to happy to work. HR should give opportunity for employee feedback.
Create a more structured performance review and active management of employee career paths
Lots of red tape for things. Sometimes It just easier to just give up and wait for pieces come in place by itself.
Continue to value employees decisions both work related and personal.  Continue to create a creative and diverse environment and do what's best for our patients with out letting outside  pressures impact our strategy Appreciate the pressures and impact employees are facing due to world events
Better relationship between union and non union employees
Continue remote working as this helps with work/family balance and adds a little enjoyment to working for Merck.  I enjoy remote working and I know many others feel the same. Hilleman Site employees have demonstrated that their work does not need to be done on site and if the remote work ends, these are the people that will seek employment opportunities at competing companies in the area. From a personnel and talent retention perspective, remote working needs to be kept and touted as a benefit to working for this company.
Continue to be a trusted source, esp around things like COVID Vaccine to ensure we are well informed and help us debunk the many inaccurate reports.
Providing more opportunities for promotion.
Continue to make diversity and inclusion a top priority and allow permanent work from home where it has been successful during the pandemic.
merck is very biased to who upper management offers opportunities for career advancement - does not to appear to be offered to most qualified not to most experienced - appears that some people are pre selected for promotions and career expansion and others are selected to be the drones and only specific people are offered choice assignments
1. Mainly based on the emails received from leadership, it feels like politics have now become intertwined with work. One benefit of my job is that it took me away from the stresses of our political climate. Now it's more difficult to separate the two, work and politics, when I'm receiving emails on that topic in my work inbox.   2. Have meaningful discussions with employees about their future and goals. Sometimes we get too focused on the now that we neglect development.
At this point Merck knows that some functional areas are understaffed. Most of the tasks that we performed require time to develop and thinking. Some of this tasks are being performed by the people who should be in the floor verifying that systems are working as expected and following functional area procedures. This additional tasks put the people under pressure that is not healthy for the personnel or the company.
continue to challenge the old ways of operating and explore new ways to operate that reduce administrative burden
Embrace sales reps working more remote days than field days if that is what works best for their business right now.   Return to seeing the sales numbers as a definition of how well a rep is doing, instead of metric-ing everything. It should be more important to drive business, then to hit a certain metric of X number of emails sent per week or X number of calls per day. Let’s return to trusting reps to drive their business, being true business owners and only look at metrics when the numbers aren’t where they need to be. Otherwise you’re going to create an environment where salespeople not only have to hit their sales numbers, but hit other multiple metrics that can seem arbitrary and can lead to burnout and/or leaving Merck.
To allow working from home to continue on when the majority of the company is vaccinated. Responses to these survey questions would of been different answers if not WFH. For me WFH takes the stress out of my life with three young children and no family support around to me WFH is the best thing that has happened in my 9 years at MSD
don't punish the good for others bad doings
Long term improve/increase remote work.   improve reward(something, maybe improve promotion $, it seems to get ahead people must leave and come back, maybe make people feel wanted) to retain talent.  it seems at the Durham site is loosing many talented people to other companies.   Improve communications at the site with promotions and news.  it seems a lot of news is through word of mouth.  it also seems information is kept from people.
In the MRL Development end to end process for research clinical trials, lot of opportunities in the GRACS space to streamline operations and rethink legacy business process and IT systems to support the faster submissions of clinical trials for regulatory approvals and faster drug to market.
Policies and SOPs at MSD are complex, redundants and derives in difficult to implement innovation, slows our activities. There is an URGENT need to simplify policies and processes
Stop forcing people to work and hold people accountable for not showing up to work without appropriate notice. Be upfront about the work expected prior to hiring. Comfort of employees is important but stop restricting our actions so much that it makes us stop being who we are. Find ways to improve modernization of our manufacturing processes to reduce paperwork errors. We can still achieve GMP without having to write everything down on paper with initial and date. Computer systems are wonderful and should be utilized to reduce that kind of paper waste and would still allow us to track corrections with an appropriate system in place.
Keep providing opportunities for advancement and support for employees.
Supply the salesforce with the resources we need to support our customers.  Many of our resources do not align with our priorities and areas of focus and nobody seems to be able to communicate the reason for the delay of resources.
Continue to value the first line managers and support folks and align pay and benefits such that Merck is appealing to the community as a Superior place to work.
Increase the Operations work force.  Occasionally I get a sense of "overwhelm" among the staff, as we are extremely busy with increasing workload while some staff are out or impaired (off site) with covid-19.
We need to be open to removing barriers to efficient processes.  While compliance and safety are rightly prioritized, the ask to deliver everything with reducing workforce and delivering significant cost reductions is putting huge pressures on sites, teams and individuals.
I feel that the company already is an amazing place to work. I feel supported and appreciated. I have a great manager and I’m excited by the work that we do.
more focus on work life balance, mindfullness and wellbeing and allowing time for wellness during the day.  even when there are wellness activities on, people are too busy to go.  We need to focus on taking care of good people, a little positive feed back and showing how well people are doing goes a long way.  there are too many good people are leaving due to work load and stress, all over which are  amplified during the pandemic.
Emphasized more on speaking without retaliations. Give examples, foster the notion. Merck employees who have been working for 10+ years still have a fear of retaliations (old cultures still die hard)
Make certain that efforts to deploy new technologies/digital solutions incorporate feedback from the end users both at the outset and during implementation, and are clear about the value to be added. If this is not done, it is likely that significant gaps will exist between user expectations/requirements and the way the technology was implemented, leading either to 1) more time and expense in closing these gaps or 2) poor adaptation/utilization. For example, Enablon may sound nice on paper, but if teams are still tracking their safety metrics manually in Excel, the added value of this system becomes questionable.  In general, make more efforts (and/or increase the visibility of ongoing efforts) to ensure that the myriad digital systems that exist at Merck can communicate and integrate more effectively between one another.
Balance work and personal life. Less virtual Meetings
Healthy eating alternatives eg vending machines Break out rooms for shift workers to rest before driving home if required Recently college courses have been added for new hires but can these be for MSD employees too? Standing tables for coffee/break times Enclosed walk way from buildings so not caught out in the rain going for breaks Music in common areas, always puts people in good mood Option to change/trial shift patterns
Merck's culture is too hierarchical and controlling. There are too many diminishers.  My impression is that management would like to control who people become. There is too little to no discussion on personal growth interests and growth paths. Tasks get assigned without discussion on short notice to fill current needs without focus on an employees long term trajectory. My philosophy is that a team/company rises when everybody rises and can grow, into the direction they would like to,  no need to be fearful about people growing to "big".  I also believe that this approach is compatible with the company meeting it needs in terms of positions and roles to be filled. Not all people desire the same in their career and life. Merck seems to be held back by this approach which is not compatible with 21st century work culture.
Add more headcount so we can reduce our workload and do our jobs better without having to rush
Ensure clear objectives and goals are communicated top to bottom and ensure we practice what we preach
Do things in an ethical way but not put unnecessary barriers in the way of selling.
The people and products are unbelievable!  Continue to support employees and bring break through products to the market!
Improvement on real life on the job training aids & real life discussion away for the tier system.   More feedback is needed from management on important decisions in everyday task that although can be mundane do also need clear leadership.  Middle management leadership & fast decision making is poor
Encourage people with experience to keep working for the department he got the experience for. Usually when people are getting experienced they are moving into a new job that is better paid. This is not fair for the people in the group that trained the person and that are left with more work and some other new people to be trained.
Stop the bleed.  It's difficult to grow in a company when senior leaders are constantly changing.  Strategies that were aligned to, now have to be reviewed and changed as new leaders come in.  A lot of time is spent trying to establish new relationships and to gain understanding of any new perspectives on strategy. It would be helpful to instill some stability within our senior leaders.
Provide the metrics of female to male salary initiatives, and continue the current mission of equality in all focus areas.  Merck and MSD has done an awesome job staying ahead of the curve and understanding it must be a continuous process that must be worked on at every level, versus a one-time quick fix band-aid that is not global or sustainable.  This is very much appreciated and shows the strength of the company as a whole.
less hierarchy, let Zurich hub freedom to develop as a company 'start-up' ,strengthen and diversity cancer pipeline, continue to engage out-of-the box thinkers and colleagues from other industries to broaden the company perspectives, continue to work towards a diversified workforce (diversity of thought etc.), continue to focus on employees well-being
There still needs to be equity in advancement and promotion of minorities within some therapeutic areas and divisions.  The words are in place, it just seems to be a matter of "walking the talk".
We need to be leaner and nimble. Too many redundancies and lack of synergy across functions and divisions. Our complex org structure and business process hinders or slowsdown the transformational change we are looking for. In some ways we are standing in our own way.
assess groups and the amount of work required and staff groups appropriately.
Continuing remote working for people who don't need to be on site to effectively do their jobs.  It offers flexibility, as well as a better work/life balance.
Continue to invest in our people.  The efforts made thus far have been recognized and appreciated. When I am whole and healthy and not overwhelmed by all that is going on, I deliver better on business objectives and am more able to meet the needs of  customers and patients.
delayer management management transparency build free speak up environment
Here at Merck in Millsboro we need leadership that leads by example and inspects what they expect, and meaning management at the base level amongst all three sites of which have direct communication and relations with the folks of which have had their best interest all along.
Leaders should continue to support efforts to optimize processes to enable employees to better balance work\life and expeditiously deliver on our company's mission.
Make drastic steps to support mental health. No consistency across groups on expectation of additional hours/levels of stress.
I think maybe the HR process when it comes to employees who are not doing their job should be simplified.. I have a colleague who is not even doing the bare minimum for over 6 months now and nothing is happening, it makes it really frustrating to work here, having to do their work as well. What this tells me is that I can stop trying to do a good job and I'll be fine for at least a year.. not very motivating.
There seems to be a lack of trust. Not allowed to speak to account managers as per management.Doesn’t seem to incorporate new ways of working
Focus more on risk based decision making
Please see previous comment.  We need accountability from both an employee and Compliance perspective.  I see employees taking accountability.  I do not see Compliance taking accountability for their actions.  Please contact me if you need further specifics.
How will ways of working evolve to support more remote working? While I still enjoy working for Merck, my feeling of connectedness is not as strong as when we were all in the office.
1. In order to keep up with demands of todays world, our systems and processes need to be streamlined so that bottle necks are eliminated or reduced and work can be effective. 2. Prioritization has become overused and underestimated. Not sure if its our inability to say No when certain requests come in or lack of preparedness by other areas i.e. resourcing or global requests that have to get done. 3. The extent of auditing preparation is underestimated. 4. Digital Dashboard of Run the business combined with projects per area would be a good realization for site so they could see what groups are delivering on 5. Tier expectations particularly Tier 1 and 2- it has expanded to include lots more information than originally intended so would be good to have expectations reset. 6. Hearing why people are leaving when they have exit interview for management- i.e. might be good way to see if there are improvements from company and or leadership perspective we can make?
Future flexible shift work hours (10 hours instead of 12 hours?)
Continue to support employees to help manage work / life balance given the current environment.
They need to get off this buddy system of hiring and hire the best candidate for the job. We pass over a lot of talented people for people in positions of power to hire their buddy and try to train them up when there is a more qualified candidate. We also need to promote experienced people a lot of time people get passed over for jobs because they don't have a degree that have a ton of experience in the subject matter and the process and end up training the new hire.
Retention of employees.  Appreciation of employees.  With the increase in turnover, the distribution of work is a hurdle to overcome.   There needs to be a focus shift on talent capability and a higher level performance that embraces a collaborative work environment. Also, transform from a more controlling environment to a focus driven environment which promotes empowerment.
Valuing employees and creating a trustworthy work environment.
I would love more training opportunities to improve my work responsibilities.
At a high level we need to move quicker- Reduce management approvals and push decisions down as much as possible. There is a lot we could do to improve process efficiency.
Better support for work balance.
Continue to support and focus on employees.  Stop trying to do more with less resources in order to cut costs - burnout and inability to effectively do a job will result.
- Balance workload for employees - Ensure a work life balance for employees
Consider revision in HR hiring practices to ensure we get the best people and that we can continue to set the bar high for our workforce. When we pay at a lower percentile than our competitors, we spend a lot of money training and hiring the consistent flow of people in and out. We would be better served with a more experienced and talented workforce and to be competitive with other companies with pay.
Merck should ensure that we have enough skilled people to support the expansion of the West Point site. Right now we don't have enough talented people to support our new facilities, which leads to many of us having to work extended hours, read email before bed, show up in the office at 7 AM and stay until 6-7 PM each day.
Clarify drug development pipeline for the next 5+ years, to set an example of future thinking
Value the members skills and commitment
When the pandemic period will (finally) be over, the way we balance physical / remote workdays should be reviewed. I believe people have valued the flexibility given by new interaction tools (teams / calls / whiteboards etc.) I think we should give people a free choice on where they want to be home based and how many days per week or month they believe they should be physically present at the office (depending on job type obligations of course). The openness of Merck/MSD on this topic can be a competitive advantage to attract talents in the future (vs other pharma companies)
I think that MSD is doing the things very well, I want to continue motive to bring some gifts to the employees that makes that they be motivated and also feel part of MSD
Add a roadmap and journey of where we want to be in the future, 3-5 years from now (to the extent that we can).
Listen to your employees Share the feedback more often Sent some cheer up messages directly to employees rather than just another email
Continue investing on research and development, contributing to the people's well-being, fostering diversity and inclusion
Reduce bureaucratic delays. Reduce site to site difference in quality requirements, EHS standards, method SOPs, technical requirements etc. Increase cross-functional team coordination and interactions. Stress the importance of common goal.
Diversify Portfolio----putting all eggs in one Oncology (and/or vaccine) basket (although may look like the future of medicine, doesnt make you different than anyone else, and it is easy to fall among the weeds of other Companies doing the same thing, especially if a compound doesnt pan out (like with the COVID vaccines and anti-viral). The same can easily happen with Onc----very risky. Merck was known for its diverse portfolio, and for its broad scientific expertise. To make it a better place to work, we need to seriously look at the volume of unnecessary work that is coming through day-to-day----most of this work can be taken out of the system, with no effect on our Company's performance or mission---it's about getting the best and right information out there from the start.
Be open to different opinions or proposals to streamline processes and reduce bureaucracy, create a healthy environment to encourage innovation and provide support to the business and employees to reach their goals.
The frequent update of systems and associated operating procedures impede the progress and efficiency of our jobs  as it requires us to constantly relearn the systems.  In addition, new authoring systems, such as REDS, have been associated with technical issues which delay progress until the issues are resolved.
continue to be concerned about professional growth
Provide clearer guidance or direction to business units around vacation time and coverage (if appropriate) for support roles. Support roles sometimes face resistance or pushback when they try to take time off, especially if they have multiple stakeholders with overlapping timelines and deadlines.
We need a strong pipeline. We also need to have better study designs and more studies conducted.  My division is celebrating 3-4% market share when we should be double digit share. We need more resources, more research, more relevant studies in order for the field to be more relevant to the needs of our providers. Competition is a given but we should be trying to deliver more to remain fast and agile to our pipeline and current medications.
I think it would be helpful to offer employees the option to continue working from home after the pandemic.  Of course attendance at important meetings could be part of moving forward but many of us have become accustomed and set up our home offices and it would be preferred to have the option to have home as primary work site moving forward.
Reduce the use of acronyms used in company communications, especially IT.    Reduce company communications and initiatives that are purely political -- promoting race, gender, diversity, and whatever-other-mindshare-that's-in-vogue-today.  I used to work for the US government, esp. military.  Even they are not as political as Merck.  It's distracting, tiresome, and a reminder that Merck is satisfied with political promotions intended to lead to change that's unmeasurable: "a better world".
Just keep us up to date on plans and be transparent, I really enjoy my role and the team I am currently on and want to make Merck my home for a very long time if possible, so I just hope to remain involved and included like I have felt in this new role.
don't do things to just check a box.  it's great to work for a diverse company, but when the divisional scorecard says to increase a certain gender at a certain level by a certain percent, then proceeds to do exactly that and the employees hired or promoted are clearly incapable based on their previous experience; as proven with failing results, then it does not do the business any better to just hire diversity to do so.
Work with Policy Makers and Regulators to freed up some of the regulation that does not add value to the big scheme of things.
I think Merck is headed in the right direction and appreciate the autonomy to conduct my job according to our values and standards and always compliantly. I think if Merck stays steadfast in our direction we will pull out of the “slump” we are currently in and employees will drive the company back to success! We tend to make too many course corrections in the sales force to meet short term goals and that does not provide for long term success IMHO.
Simplify the organization/way of working and focus on outcomes.
Strong talent is what makes a best company and strong / long term potential performers should be encouraged by providing a clear career growth path even if it means creating new cross functional positions / opportunities  by breaking silos to retain such people (even if such positions or roles never existed in the past but now the dynamics of the environment places a need to do it sooner rather than later).  Slow pace in executing some of these out-of-box developments especially in the human resources area is natural for a company of this size but this obstacle has to be overcome as time is of utmost essence in such a critical area !
Continue dialogue on social issues, continue to invest in digital and agile skill sets to keep our work relevant to customers and stakeholders
Continue with employee engagement at all levels.  I have been with Merck for just about a year and the culture is one to be a model for other companies in the same space.
Focus on creating and supplying safe, effective, and innovative pharmaceuticals, and stay out of unrelated political discussions.
Grow the resources dedicated to training and troubleshooting for the new digital systems. The tools are great and will be a huge benefit, but many of us are still needing significant support to ensure we use them appropriately and to their full potential.
MPS needs to improve upon our sites overall work behaviors.  There are still too many old and antiquated process being performed in multiple departments.  There has been ongoing engagement with production floor management however the ideas being brought to the managers is either dismissed or not taken serious.  The production floor technicians are the greatest asset for process improvement and the should be more impowered to have the opportunities to escalate their ideas. The production floor managers should foster this type of behavior by following up on any and all ideas.
Embrace innovation, allow scientist to do science as oppose to fitting into a mold of having meetings for the sake of having meetings. I see a lot of this where directors have meetings so that they can add as a checklist of accomplishments at the end of the year. The number of office managers and higher ups is completely out of control in this company. Yes, it takes 8 steps to reach the CEO as a senior scientist but each step is full of managers and higher ups that just do office work (re-inventing the wheel/power point presentations) and no lab work. This discrepancy is costing this company billions!
Recognized and reward those essential workers who worked here through the pandemic.
Merck is generally a great place to work. Some areas where the company could improve is ensuring all areas of the business are thoroughly vetted before sending down process improvements. The smaller Merck sites are often overlooked and are not even stabilized before they are asked to implement improvements. It negatively impacts the site which does not always have the resources to support improvements and run the business. There also seems to be a lot of nepotism within the company and if you are not a "favored" person, regardless of your skills and abilities, you will be overlooked and underappreciated and not given opportunities to learn and grow with the company. In areas where there is a lot of pharma competition, this causes Merck to lose some of it's most incredible talent. Work/Life balance is another area for improvement. While Merck's heart is in the right place, there is incongruity in words and actions. Merck can be the best place to work w more focus on people & retention.
drive clarity of how to meet innovation/flexibility goals in capital delivery and be successful in the ever more competitive marketplace for human and animal medicines/vaccines.
Organize processes, meaning set clear scope for each function, cross-functional work and provide information on these arrangements to all functions. Probably it can be applied to my market specifically, not to whole organization - don’t have enough experience here to say
Help to manage work/life balance and continue to try and reward people in other ways especially in times where morale is lower because performance is not as high and stress is high.
Leaders need to be more empathetic with employees, as they have taken away many benefits, such as the dining room, they no longer give enough food
More focus on technological innovation - automate the simple stuff.
Merck should be proactive in making people feel connected and supported at work - appropriately balancing risk and benefit. Looking to bring people back together in ways that are safe to do so should be actively pursued.   Merck needs to continue to pursue new technologies in vaccines, taking bold and innovative approaches to expand the pipeline.
Decrease complexity of business process and communication.  There are too many channels and processes to keep track of.
I am most concerned about the serious lack of company training we get as a stationary engineer's. I feel that it should be vey important to Merck to make sure it's employees such as stationary engineer's receive training in their craft. This will greatly help us to work efficiently, be more effective at troubleshooting, and allow us to be more of an asset to Merck. I truly hope in the near future Merck will be open to allowing stationary engineers to receive training which will be beneficial to the company and the employee. Thank you.
Merck is a wonderful, great place to work. To make it even better, Merck should continue to invest in new and innovative technologies. Merck should continue to invest and develop in their people (development opportunities, training, promotions, etc.)
Empower and Inspire in action not just in words.  The company is being ran by compliance, not by the business or customer or the patient.  When recommendations come in from our customers needs, by the time it is "scrubbed by the companies compliance" the request looks nothing like what the customers needed, not to mention it takes so long to get through Merck, a competitor has already resolved the need (BMS survivorship, patient journey, provider education).  Oncology is the primary driver of revenue and innovation.  When I was hired, the oncology organization had an entrepreneurial feel (empowered, get-things done for the customer, urgency), not now.  Slow moving, follow the herd in oncology...in commercial.
MSD is a company where you feel well supervised and there is an atmosphere of trust and wellbeing, all criteria are so that we can work well and increase the turnover of the company
Promote employees to next level by assessing talents, contributions to Book of business and to team, and scientific knowledge.
reconsider - more opportunities for employees to work from home who are HQ based employees.  there is a sense of fear of going into a space that someone else occupied the day before.  No matter the cleaning protocols set in place, it is still a factor is many minds, esp. mine.  i work with many colleagues who are home-based but HQ employees.  With the current situation, who knows when it will end, the safety place for someone is to be home-based.  The work is being completed on time or better than if a person has to go into the Merck Location.
Offer retirement packages to employees 55 years old and older to make room for new to career employees.
Improve training and providing role-based training that is even better and more clear than what we have now. Many processes change frequently and despite the training and SOPs that are offered, many of my colleagues express confusion on the "right" way to do things and what, exactly, we are "supposed" to do. Clear steps on what tasks to do when are helpful. Also, it would be helpful if not every single thing was CRA responsibility. The implementation of SIP has led to a great deal of stress and confusion for CRAs. Sites were frequently told to go to the CRAs with any questions but CRAs are not always clear on how exactly to complete every task in SIP. Additional support for SIP, including SIP-dedicated staff, is strongly suggested. If this could be taken off the plate of CRAs, it would be very helpful.
Keep doing the great job that you are doing. I feel proud of working here. My only recommendation would be to evaluate if all the internal processes are really necessary and if there is maybe a need to look for new tools to make processes more efficient.
Let’s lift one another up.  Can D&I begin to encourage and celebrate all of the uniqueness each individual brings to the table. Share stories of positivity, success, experiences, etc, and how individuals grew from that or were changed.  What did they learn?  How did they overcome an obstacle/challenge-personally or professionally? Can we assume good intent from our fellow colleagues instead of always assuming something was intended as an aggression or inequity? Extend grace to one another.  Nurture this kind of motivating environment.  Recognize that many of us practice these principles in our lives whether at work or not, and don’t legislate the morality you think we should have.  We are here to complete the mission George Merck set forth.  Let’s use the collective experiences to fuel a renewed focus on the positivity of helping our customers help their patients.
I am looking forward to when we can get back to normal operations with additional staffing on site.
RSUs should be made more widely available and not just at the upper levels of management.  This would motivate all employees and not just the people that delegate work to the lower levels of management.
Continue to invest in our employees and create opportunities that retain talent. Continue with the new ways of working and try to maintain an better understanding and flexibility to the work life balance. As many of us have learned that we can do many thing remotely at the same level and in some cases more efficiently without all the distractions of being on-site.
- Continue to amplify our company's economic inclusion, health equity and workforce development efforts.
I just recently switched jobs and I feel as though the leadership in my new position is 100x better than my old position. I think Merck still has many leaders that micromanage the business and don't utilize ways of working. I continue to see these individuals rise in the ranks at Merck and it's very unsettling that leadership continues to promote people who don't demonstrate the core values that Merck preaches.
Fortify interactions between different functional areas,  people should know other´s success, shared strategies and knowledge.  Fortify managerial teams in ways of working  to reach all people in the organization
We are in the right direction. This company never stops surprising me (for good). Perhaps, the timing of some the products in development would help. Timing during the process of launching and registration, would be something really important, as competitors move really fast.   Have a more direct approach with the livestock groups to make the members understand that respect, inclusion is our label and IT IS REAL, and that alignment within co-workers is critical.
Make processes less complicated for implementation.
Simplify processes rather than continually adding them.  Covid lead to virtual which lead to greater oversight, more steps, and thus more workload which has become exhausting.  My immediate management is exceptional, however my team tortures us with added steps, reporting and oversight as if it's someone's job to make everything more complicated.   One of our vendors jokes that MSD stands for "make simple difficult." Unfortunately, this couldn't be more truthful.
Merck is good at hiring driven people and needs to expand the work force to hire the highly skilled driven people to spread work for all of our employees be given the opportunity to provide the proper attention, focus, mindfulness that is required for our work.
Company is so large. I feel like "groups" have ideas on the best way for the company/departments to operate but the various groups are not working together in a common process. So one group thinks something is a great idea so the create and implement it but do not get buy in or insight from the other groups that it impacts. Does not feel cohesive. I do believe that we are all working for the same common goal but that we are not in agreement on how to get there.
Encouraging team members to share their views - I often feel people sit quietly in meetings and get frustrated that there is silence to questions or how we can work better/ solve concerns.
Simplify business processes, deploy initiatives in a more coordinated fashion, better prioritization, sometimes it can feel like we are trying to go too fast
Continue to communicate what the future will look like and if a hybrid model of on-site and remote working will be adopted post COVID 19. Continue to drive an inclusive culture.
have the managers take management training. have the managers viewpoint align with the company's viewpoint. treat employees like people and not machines. have regular feedback (aka, stakeholder feedback) done on managers by reports.
More education/awareness of org structures in the company so employees better understand what other resources are available to them when solving a problem. I find it hard to know when another group has worked on or is working on something similar because I don't know about all the groups and what they do
Please listen to your internal FIT teams. And consider the perspectives of the employees that are trying to engage with customers
Work on carrier development.
Avoid making political statements agreeing with one side or another.  We are a healthcare company and that should be our main focus.
MRL needs to continue to support flexible, remote work time for their scientists.  MRL has been terribly reluctant to allow flexible, remote work time for non-lab time.  My team is performing studies at the same rate if not more efficiently over this pandemic while working from home ~50% of the time.   It shouldn't have taken a pandemic to prove our ability and adaptability to working remotely.  It has changed my life, all of my co-workers lives, all for the better.  MRL has been terribly stuck in tradition for years compared to the business side.  Why?  What good is remote technology for if we aren't allowed to use it?
Address topics mentioned aforementioned
Increase transparency on continued work efforts, align MMD and MRL goals to expedite translation of products to commercial space. Increase sharing between Human Health and Animal Health to create innovation in both product spaces.
Merck needs to ensure that they have enough staff to complete the tasks at hand.
All tasks whether procuring items, invoice reconciliation have been pushed to the bottom. All employees have to take time to learn about such systems that they may only need to touch once per annum. Historically there were dedicated specialists in such roles which freed time for the completion of core tasks.
If Congress is dead set on legislation to reduce drug prices, Merck should press Congress to adopt Medicare for All. If we are going to take a hit on the price per dose, it should be coupled with an increased volume. This benefits the entire population of the US while minimizing the impact on Merck's ability to continue in its mission to save and improve lives.  If it is not in Organon's vision, we should extend Merck for Mothers with another 5 to 10 year grant. Maternal mortality is still a major problem worldwide including in the US where it is on the rise. We cannot let this fall by the wayside with the corporate split.  Merck is doing a good job expanding on diversity in its recruiting efforts. We need to continue to do this and ensure that we have good representation of views in leadership positions.
Merck has done an AMAZING job supporting employees during this very difficult time, to say I am proud of this company would be an understatement.  Merck should continue to look at the adjustments we have made, whether it was working from home, condensed work weeks and flex time, and consider these for long term.  As employees, I feel we delivered for the company as well and proved we can excel no matter what we face.
Increased awards
Continue to make sure leaders are encouraging employees to be honest about capacity and take time to recharge.  Continue to make diversity and inclusion central to our culture.
DA UM TREINAMENTO MAIS APROFUNDADO PARA ALGUNS GESTORES , DE COMO LIDAR COM AS PESSOAS , PRA  ELES APRENDER A CONVERSAR COM AS PESSOAS .
Recruit more entry-level talent and invest in keeping them here.
Seriously listen to the people/managers in the jobs that now have to be completed remotely. Recognize jobs have changed and the metrics/procedures/resources/oversight now have to change with them. We cannot maintain the same level of productivity working remotely as we could while traveling. Cut loose what is not working instead of wasting resources trying to fix programs and issues. Also, rethink SIP. it's too cumbersome, confusing to employees and sites alike.
Try to make people feel like they can speak freely and that all people are important for the company.
continue to provide flexible work arrangements.  capitalize on the learnings we have achieved during the pandemic
More encouragement to provide feedback and possible ways to provide new innovative approaches to job responsibilities and goals. In some cases this is beyond your particular department. Otherwise I love working in my department and team!
The company should create appropriate incentives to truly collaborate across departments/groups/sites, instead of relying on vague Ways of Working concepts.  There are projects in the company that are facing significant technical, regulatory, and/or commercial gaps, but those are not being proactively addressed in some cases.  Things would be improved if the relevant project team members had the incentive and willingness to ask for help or be more transparent with colleagues.  Another area for improvement is the resourcing of basic support functions, such as shipping, procurement, and finance-related tasks.  The company does not do as much visible external collaboration as our competitors, especially with universities and non-profit institutes.  This can lead to missed opportunities for new intellectual property, and also limits the pool of talented personnel that may want to join the company.  The company also has a reputation for being a difficult partner (terms, payments, etc).
We have excellent leaders at the top promoting diversity and inclusion making our organisation a great workplace. I am fully confident that I am working in the best pharma company in the world. I would expect more communication regarding the prospects the division in which I work holds, and more clarity on the future planning for creating opportunities to grow.
Make it easier to get work done efficiently and provide appropriate resources to do the work. Simplify complicated processes. Move away from a culture of zero risk tolerance, to a culture of informed risk assessment and decision-making. Clearly prioritize programs and cascade priorities throughout the entire company, so appropriate resource allocation is done. Set guidelines for appropriate meeting hygeine (agendas, identification of critical versus optional attendees), to address overscheduling and dependence on meetings to get updates.
The company absolutely needs to tackle cross divisional prioritization and needs to do it well.  It is not unusual for a Product Development Team to have an extra $20MM attributed to the conduct of a planned MRL clinical study, while at the same time the MMD CMC team is asked to defer or eliminate $200K worth of additional studies, which ends up costing more in dollars and FTEs as post approval filings.
Successfully boost organon
Continue to invest in research and the future of the company.
Ensure that reviews reward the best contributors, not the ones who are the closest friends with the boss.
I very much appreciate the focus on D&I at Merck. However, I am acutely aware of many managers (not mine) and reps who still don’t get the disparities, don’t seem to understand the importance of integrating D&I into everything we do (it’s not a committee or flavor of the month initiative), have outwardly expressed their displeasure with this focus, feel their job is threatened as a result of this focus, are outwardly racist, are inwardly racist, who think they have no unconscious biases and this does not pertain to them, are micro aggressive towards “diverse” employees...I could go on and on. It actually makes me sad and is very stressful to work in such an environment. I don’t know what you can do, because Merck is just a reflection of society at large. Just wanted to encourage you to keep focusing on the right things: Diversity & inclusion of people with different lived & work experiences....and less group think!
Continue to provide abundant resources for employees to balance work/life environment during this pandemic. Very much appreciated!
We should continue to focus on product development and launch
Invest more in retaining talent.  LTIs for top performing sales reps and CLs would show the companies commitment to keeping talented individuals.  We should also look at our pay structure.  Competitors are taking some of our good people and giving significantly more salary.
In my department at least I think a few things could help achieve this goal. 1) Hiring people with actual expertise in the roles we are hiring for, or at least some of the time. I understand that not everyone can have the expertise we are looking for when we hire, but if we need to train everyone from the ground up ALL the time it put a huge burden on the people training them. Perhaps something else could be building a network for training prior to hiring someone to spread the burden. 2) Walk the walk and don't just talk the talk. There has been quite a few instances in my team where concerns have been brought up, temporarily acknowledged, temporarily remedied, but then we have reverted to old habits. We make a show of listening to concerns and saying we'll fix things, but then not staying the path to keep making progress.
I consider that MSD can work on the protocol issue of the processes, sometimes the processes do not flow fast enough
I believe that upper management needs to be better in touch with the field.  We receive field suggestions, every brand is important, and unattainable objective during a pandemic.  Also, please keep us in the field - no more working from home.
Open the environment for "Safe to speak up"
simplify process, be more flexible in any aspect to attract young talents be more diverse in decision making positions communicate our contribution to life saving
1.  Maintain pipeline of promising new drugs.  2. Continue to focus on and improve personnel safety, particular with handling potent compounds.
Reward the people who stay with the company rather than the ones who leave and come back.  People want to feel valued by their dedication to the company.
Company-wide initiative to block out time that we should avoid having meetings during such as lunchtime. Make summer hours be ALL year long.
Be focus on the risks that implies this spin off process, considering all levels in the company to avoid extreme stress situations that put on risk workers health.
Foster innovation and move away from conformity
Streamline processes to increase work efficiency (more time to focus on project work).
Flatten the organization; recruit, develop and empower talent to lead the enterprise into the changing business climate; invest in the the intermediate and long-term as George Merck suggested, to fulfill the needs of patients and stakeholders and the profits will follow
I think it is important that we work on ways to increase people's access to EBRGs (to create a sense of belonging) in our new employee onboarding, work on hiring and recruiting practices that allow for a diverse candidate pool and to remove bias (resume name blinding, recruiting from non-traditional candidate pools, etc.) from the hiring process.  Continuing to help people streamline and prioritize their work to allow for work life integration that is sustainable, especially right now, is also critically important.
More transparency in how we communicate and making sure the whole team gets credit for the work that occurs not just the higher level people.
Ensuring all employees have the same access to growth and development to advance their career.
Continue to attract and retain the most talented individuals.  This would include continued development opportunities available for employees.
I think manager training and more defined portfolio management in teams and subteams will help groups succeed. Objectives should feed into a book a work, which feeds into priorities and then day to day scheduling so company goals are tied to individual tasks. The communication and cataloguing of book of work items and their ownership is not well communicated in every team. I think this requires some additional manager training and PPM resources to ensure strong business continuity when transitioning from start up to steady-state.
Sometimes when you challenge the status quo and express what we should more learn from our experiences and mistakes you're perceived as a negative person, it seems more politically correct to not say anything. But it becomes a health challenge, especially when you feel that we create favorable conditions to repeated unfair pressure and excessive stress whereas it could be avoided with a better organisation.
Just stay the course haha
1) Deliver on the company's D&I initiatives and continue the company's recent history of speaking out on social issues of equality and human dignity.. 2) Work in partnership with policy leaders to achieve agreements that support continued innovation and drug pricing alignment.  3) Get out of our own way (empower our people, reduce hierarchical decision making, etc.)
Leadership needs to be very careful about their lopsided political stand before all information around topics is discovered.  Due process for all activities is what I was raised with. When leadership puts our company name on one political side they alienate half of the company or more.  I am the local representative for Merck and wear my logo proud for “inventing for life” and being a trusted and valued partner to my community and accounts. when I get questioned about our leaders’ “snap” judgements, it reflects on me and then I am caught trying to explain others unfounded actions.  Please use good judgment going forward. Thank you
Maintain home office after pandemic.
Flexible arrangements regarding remote work.
For the sake of working together in a respectful way, I think Merck should include training on how to be responsible consumers of information.  Diversity training should include the ways in which Facebook, cable news, and talk radio turn people into the "other" for their own benefit.  We should understand how algorithms work to feed us more and more extreme viewpoints.  We should understand that cable news and talk radio financially benefit by keeping their viewers fired up and angry at the "other" side.  Most importantly we should understand that it is important that if you feel the need to express views, you are respectful about it at work.  I am tired of walking on eggshells around a team of people that I actually really like but recently I am afraid to even causally mention anything but work because I might offend someone.  It's not even safe to take COVID seriously because I might offend someone's freedom.
More resources for training new employees.
MSD is investing in the agile methodology, which promotes cross-functional work, between teams with different skills. In the future, it would be an advantage to create spaces at headquarters that promote this teamwork, creativity, and the sharing of best practices (brainstorming).   In addition, the Company should invest more in HR initiatives. Although the company has a strong culture, it's often the teams that strive to promote well-being and sharing. Actions should be created for the entire organization and individuals' initiatives, which value each employee, such as a personalized message on their birthday or when they become parents, a personalized offer when they celebrate 5, 10 or 30 years of service in the Company. It can be also developed some initiatives to enjoy with their families (Oceanário, Zoo, Pavilhão do Conhecimento, exhibitions) or create internal competitions to offer tickets for the theater, cinema, concerts, exhibitions, etc.
I do not get enough support and help from my manager.  Manager should help his/her team members to grow. The promotion of team member should be one indicator to evaluate managers. The promotion could be in the team or out of the team. Feels like the current Merck culture does not encourage internal jobs transfer.
Improve software, improve education resources, and continue to provide economic/business updates.
Continue to knock down silos, even within groups.  Build trust by allowing decisions to be made lower in the organization.
Develop better the managers to give feedback, create a clear carrier plan. Focus more in colaborators mental health.
Stop exaggerating social justice as the only important priority.  Treat all employees with respect and dignity.
Continue to listen to its employees closest to the processes on how best to improve. INVEST IN IT!!! Our systems and architecture are antiquated.
ensure measures put in place to "improve" practices aren't a one size fits all which are oftentimes disregarding whole sections of the working population
Look at other pharma company benchmarks for how we make our drug development processes more efficient.
Offer more solutions to work-life balance and translate this to a result and not just a discussion.
I think we need to continue to focus on how we engage virtual colleagues/customers/suppliers/stakeholders. Two thirds of my team have been hired since the start of the pandemic; they have never had the chance to meet me or other team members. I consistently leverage the relationships that I built pre-pandemic to execute my work. It's still possible to build relationships virtually, but we need to be more deliberate about it. It's so easy to just jump from one business conversation to another and lose the personal interaction.
1. Job functions  should be appropriately resourced to workload 2. Better work-life balance without sacrificing career growth 3. Racial injustice, D&I initiatives are focused on specific racial groups only at this time! Same principles should be applied to age, gender and all ethenic groups!
More thoughtful allocation of available resources with a long-term view in mind.
Figure out a way for new hires to more easily assimilate into Merck.  continue on the path towards development of everyone versus a select few.
CHANGE THE VENDORS,SUPPLIERS AND SHOULD NOT HAVE A MIDDLE MAN
Continue to put patients first, take care of employees, and offering way better incentives than the competition.  Having left Merck for a year after being with the company for 8 years (2011), I will say Merck 's employee perks, compensation and benefits are unmatched.
Continue to deliver great products and evolve our ways of working
Continue to provide the digital resources to work remotely. Working remotely was not something I had done before but I can honestly say I achieve higher quality of work and output than if I was sitting in the office.  At home my distractions are less, I am able to focus on seeing a task through to completion and I don't fee obligated to engage in workplace conversations that distract me from accomplishing my day to day task.  When I do have a distraction at home it is usually a welcome distraction that helps achieve that work-life balance I strive for.  In other words I would rather be distracted for 10 minutes listening to my kids tell me about some small detail of their day rather than spend 10 minutes listening to office chatter.
simplify. take out non-value-added work.
Better resources, employee feel good perks, a better sales structure
Cultivate a culture to do new things vs merely proceduralizing it.
Give flexibility to their employees
leadership is often out of touch with the work teams do or the impacts of their decisions on team members
Cascade details and examples of the 'Fortify our Future' project.
should consider undertaking a comprehensive look at new Ways of Working in a remote environment similar to the scale of the initiative that the company undertook 2-3 years ago.  That was very successful in my opinion because of the scale that it was done at. we still need to continue to take work out of the system and speed decision making.  I don't think we have done as well in that area and that will be important for our success and very related to the first point above.
Continue to be a company that puts patients first and cares about their employees. Also,  Actively promoting  development and new skill acquisition for employees.
Improve focus on customers, reduce amount of meetings, streamline internal processes, encourage risk taking
Decide what the priority is  -- advancing the pipeline OR pushing initiatives.  There seems to be a culture breeding that initiatives that make management look good are more important than progressing the pipeline.
Offer more competitive salaries in order to recruit and retain high performing talent.
Be consistent with expectations, take care the employees work/life balance. Too much micromanage at all levels of management. Need to let management to feel trusted.
Reduce the amount of non-core/non-value added work that is required.  Spend way too much time doing everything except my core responsibilities.
Stop in one breath talking about work/life balance then in the next breath pile on the demands with rigid timeframes and no possibility of help or relief.
There is always a lot of push back on any attempts at innovation.  Managers with more emphasis on process than science limits their ability to manage effectively and be inspiring leaders.
Merck has to invest on their people, this is the only company I have worked for where there is no funds allocated in our budgets for social interactions such as team building activities. We are majorly lacking the social aspect of the company.  Also, Canada did a Pay Equity assessment and by doing so revised the vacation policy, but the employees were not notified of this change. When the pay equity assessment was presented to the employees we were told that the vacation entitlement  was not part of the pay equity assessment. However some wording and aspects of vacation entitlement was revised  in the new version of the vacation policy dated January 1, 2021 to be more inclusive to all employees. This meant a very small number of individuals would have to stay on the old conditions where as new employees with equal titles and equal amount of experience would receive 1 extra week of vacation. In my opinion when a change is made it has to be transparent and equal to everyone.
Create a career ladder/growth system that rewards individuals contributions rather than nepotism and favoritism. Get rid of the promotion "bucket" and "key talent" processes. These have failed miserably making us loose great talent to competitors.
Focus on our pipeline and strategic partnerships to ensure the long-term viability of Merck. Focus on helping advance pharma's public perception to ensure people will accept our medicines to improve health outcomes.  Avoid getting caught up in the problems being advanced outside of the company by social media keyboard cowboys and focus on how our medicines help society.
Improve IT infrastructure, specifically ELN and laboratory/office computer equipment
Continue to find compliant efficient ways of working. As we bring on new processes we need to include the people that are going to be executing the work to ensure that it's value added work for all involved. Everything that works for a packaging site may not work as efficiently for a raw material/bulk site.
Merck should continue to take the long-term view of improving human and animal health and address the most pressing problems in this realm.   To further make Merck a great place to work, the company should rethink the balance between team and functional authority and decision making.  We have become more hierarchical with recent leadership changes.
wrap up the MAHI/Antelliq purchase as fast as possible ... don't drag out or delay. Same w other integrations. Be fair but fast.
Continue to pursue the Vision laid out by Ken Frazier.
Look carefully at your long term contractors who are not able to benefit from the companies benefits. I, for example, have been here a few weeks shy of 9 years, however I was only made headcount 5.5 years ago. That's 3 years of missed pension I can't make up (I actually thought it would count when I was hired on as headcount, but later found this was not true). We have a lot of good people in my department (Pharmacovigilance) who are not headcount, and I fear we could lose this intellectual prowess to another department or another company as the individual seeks more certain benefits. I'd love to see us reconsider contractors - if someone is worth having for over a year (or two, or three), why not welcome them home and give them that security?
Understand the talent you have within the organization
There is currently a lot of emphasis in MRL on external presence and the publication show.  While that is valuable, senior leadership should not overlook the contributions and innovations of those who really get things done and move the pipeline projects forward within Merck.
To create a virtual family sensation
gym or resources for employees health. pay overtime to salaried employees who work on days off or spend over 50 hours to make sure the business is making vaccines.
Helping employees gain a better work life balance to increase quality of life and overall well being.
More opportunities to growing professionally and as a leader, more trainings and tools to be prepare to take next job opportunities
Continue to make available remote jobs/gigs for individuals who are unable to move but have skills & talents to offer in roles they aspire toward for career development.
Invest more into competitive salaries for employees.
I think that it would be helpful to connect the work that everyone does to patients.  I think that we could also work to show how the different roles within Merck and MSD are connected which may help to foster a better team environment.
Address burn-out across organization
We still need to reduce the number of people who attend meetings - more focus and less worry about consensus . Flexible work arrangements help - Rahway not best location for future
We have to get out of our own way and we HAVE TO do a better job at working together across the entire organization.  I don't want to hear but we are big it's hard....it needs to be figured out.
Focus on our people and our products. Avoid political opinions.
make sure employees feel valued and supported.
Reimbursement for health activities like yoga or CrossFit would help from a stress management perspective   Allow vaccinated field based employees to determine what safety measures are needed when interacting with customers. Put these decisions at the territory or manager level. Waive the re entry tracker for vaccinated field based employees.
There is a lot of bureaucracy within the group that hinders the growth of those who would like to take advantage of opportunities. There is a sense of "fairness" that certain groups get a turn to have people get exposure to projects, however they may not be the best candidate or person to own that program or activity.  Many decisions are made at higher levels and manipulated between managers to higher ups, therefore causing discourse among those in the lower bands. The work is done by lower bands or by NMP, and then the "lead" will take credit and present and be rewarded. Those who are in lower bands are then not appreciated and leave the groups to other areas. We have also had a hard time obtaining FTE and maintaining FTE.
Invent more New product to this world
1. Increase staffing ASAP/without delays to negate increases in individual workload. 2. Increase number of promotions based on effort/workload, not just "visibility."
1. give time to teams to change/transform - encourage and motivate people who want to move towards new WoW but not in theory but in practice, and do not "force" people who dont want (distinguish and be able to say goodbye if necessary, propose new better suiting role to that person but deal with it) 2. consider number of initiatives touching platforms/products and their timelines a team members - deliver reusable solutions, scale, save costs, work in agile 3. focus on educating business towards new WoW - value of reusability, prioritization, demand management, tools usage
Keep us in the know and having programs available to help
Reconsider the office space allocation - folks like a place to call their own - none allocated office space, , doesn't create a sense of belonging.  Also no guarantee once you arrive at the office that you will be able to find a space near your team members/colleagues.
1) Empower employees. 2) Ideate in part from the bottom up, not just top down. 3) Benchmark with peers in pharma and elsewhere to leverage others learnings. 4) Work better collaboratively across divisions. We are still very siloed. 5) Hold all divisions to the same level of financial accountability. MMD's cost reduction pressure appears to be greater than in peer divisions like MRL and HH. 6) There is no debate that people are Merck's greatest resource. I don't believe that we compensate, recognize, and develop people consistent with this mantra.
Simplify, simplify, simplify. Especially governance. And be transparent about the big decisions. Only recently has Ken Frazier on his farewell rounds be open about companies risks (if we didn't buy S-P Merck would have been sold_ and his leadership teams personal failures (i.e. Roger P/Roy Baynes betting on the two failed vaccines, and one failed therapeutic in Covid-19). Never before, and I mean never before have I seen a leader take this kind of accountability and transparency at Merck. It's much easier on the way out but I will be evaluating Rob Davis, and the leaders in HH /MRL/MMD about this transparency or lack thereof.
Priority has always been to deliver on our mission but this can be at the expense of people's well being, mental and physical health especially given the current environment. Please work to continue to find ways ( block Friday afternoon from meeting, wellness day for all ) to help support employees.
More robust training program.  More management involvement in day to day activities.  To ensure that work is being done and everyone is being held to the same standards.
SENIOR LEADERSHIP TELLS US HOW IMPORTANT CHRONIC CARE IS TO THE FUTURE OF THE ORGANIZATION, YET WE ARE BEING HELD HOSTAGE BY THE RE-ENTRY ASSESSMENT TOOL WEEK AFTER WEEK.  THE CONSISTENT MESSAGE IS THAT WE AREN’T DOING ENOUGH TO ENGAGE OUR CUSTOMERS REMOTELY.  IT SEEMS LOST IN COMMUNICATION THAT MERCK IS ONE OF A VERY SMALL PERCENTAGE OF PHARMA COMPANIES RESTRICTING FIELD SALES.  WHEN A HCP IS UP AGAINST ALL THE DEMANDS THAT COVID BRINGS TO THE OFFICE AND HEALTHCARE, AND THEY CAN ENGAGE WITH A LARGE PERCENTAGE OF REPS IN PERSON, WHAT IS THEIR INCENTIVE TO MEET US ON-LINE?  OUR RELATIONSHIPS CAN ONLY CARRY US SO FAR, AND IN A LAUNCH ENVIRONMENT WITHOUT A RELATIONSHIP HISTORY WITH THE HCPS, IT SEEMS THAT SOMEONE SHOULD CUT US SOME SLACK.  RATING US ON AN ADVANCED COACHING REPORT BASED SOLEY ON ACTIVITY SENDS A MESSAGE THAT WE AREN’T IMPORTANT OR VALUED AS EMPLOYEES.  IT IS NOT A SKILL SET DEFICIT, IT IS A CONTROLLABLE THAT ONLY SENIOR MANAGEMENT CONTROLS.
Diversity and Inclusion was once a BIG topic for Merck, now you don't hear/nor see  anything about it.
Replace people when they leave to Organon or leave the company. A lot of people have left my organization and the people remaining have to pick up the work of 2-3 people. Everyone is burned out and not performing to the best of their ability. Individual tasks don't get the attention they should or could if there were more people to split the burden of responsibility.
Remove silos - company seems to have very strong divisional cultures that drive initiatives down, but not across  M&A - concerned that Keytruda is the main driver and we need to diversify
Control the stress level of the site . I don´t see an alignment of expectations and goals that involve the various departments of the site.
Improve replacement time of employees who have transferred/retired to minimize the amount of overtime employees are forced to work in order to cover vacancies.
Within MMD change the leadership
Company wide revision of employee levels and pay.  There are drastic differences between levels for those across different sites within Merck.  People take on much different levels of scope for very different pay levels.
Continue to Improve our systems that we work with everyday
Easier ways of giving opportunities to the people, sometimes can be confusing
Get us back into the office with our colleagues as soon as safely possible.
It would be helpful to have a directory of resources we can contact to share or help escalate any issues.
Provide more incentives for those employees have been with the company for a long tenure.   Right now new people come on board with their previous pharma experience incorporated in their vacation time.   Those of us here for a while need to "earn" these extra days where people walk in with 30 vacation days.   Those of us here with 20 years years till need to 'earn' them.  It seems the new employees are benefiting more from our company than those that have been loyal employees.
There needs to be some kind of controls/policies placed on meetings. Webex/Teams has made meeting way too easy, to the point where my entire day is consumed by meetings. I consistently have less than 10 hours of uninterrupted time a week to get work done. It's impossible to handle my workload without working extra hours or multitasking during meetings. I'm not able to focus on any one thing because I have to jump from meeting to task to meeting constantly. It's an incredibly frustrating situation to be in, and it makes me want to avoid advancement, because I can imagine it will only get worse if I were to climb the ranks.
Simplify processes, especially the change control process.
Work-life balance
Continue to evolve at the same phase as patient cure needs, society and technology evolves. With mindfulness of the impact to our environment.
Reward programmes such as Inspire should be shared equally for Permenant MSD staff and contractors who day in and day out complete the same activities and roles.
Really appreciate company’s care and concern about us during COVID.
Additional support for parents who must WFH and be on-site a few days a week and still care for young children (<5yrs) at home.  I still do not feel that it is safe yet to send my child back to a day-care facility or school.  The Personal Care Provider benefit through LifeCare was extremely helpful to me because it allowed me to reach out for family support to help with childcare and I wish that the benefit provided more than the 30 days allotted for 2021.  Or perhaps additional PTO allotted to childcare to relieve the stress of juggling family and work schedules?
Increase salary for women
improve HR policies - promotions, pay, benefits, RSU vesting schedule, small perks (parking, gym, cafeteria, day care). Biotech and other pharma is hiring intensively, and currently Merck pay/benefits packages are well below comparisons.   encourage focused innovation and closer collaborations with academia and startups.
Retain high-performing employees by providing more opportunities for stretch objectives/development
Maybe be more adaptive and allow people to work remotely and not be penalised for not living on territory, including living in the devolved nations.
Staff higher according to needs and support the team that is there well until stabilization occurs.
Move away from relying on computerized systems to justify resources. Our business has grown in such a way that digital means such as SAP do not track enough of the work necessary to be on the shop floor. Demand on the shop floor beyond production include, change controls, deviations, trainings, administrative tasks, assistance with site, regional projects/roll outs, tier meetings, 5S - of which none of these hours are digitally accounted for.   We should plan staffing for 80% utilization, to allow for room to react without being overwhelmed.  Focus more on people, not delivery, and we can go to a mindset that people are our greatest asset.
The main thing Merck could do to improve our workplace is to provide more incentive for doing well; such as the availability of promotions based on actions, rather than waiting for openings from people leaving.
Find better ways to show their employees their appreciation for the amount of time, work, and they have been putting in for the past year at the expense of their families and personal lives. It's been a very challenging year and many of us are handling multiple jobs as resources are being conveyed to Organon.  Some form of recognition and employee appreciate would be a nice moral booster in these challenging times.
Promote opportunities for advancement and improvement for all employees, highlight achievements from all employees, and reflect during executive management presentations visuals that reflect all employees or patient groups.
Better manage life-work balance of their employees.
Continue to keep open lines of communication and discussion of ideas.  Continue to value humans and our way of life.  Understanding we will have to provide new services to control core business.  Be willing to invest in non usual business services to gain customer commitment and reduce price erosion.
Try to make it easier for salary employees to work 40-45 hours a week instead of more than 45 hours per week.  I feel like there is too much work to do and nobody else is going to do it if I don't.
Continue to grow and change as the world around us changes and as the profile of the workforce within Merck changes. Be open to change where we need to while balancing with those core values that cannot change.
Continue to make innovative products and engage in collaboration with companies , people believe in Democratic values!!.
Focus on hiring the "Most Qualified" and not a friend or family member with little or no experience for a position.
We don't have enough people on our team to complete our investigations and projects.
Since I started working here, I have felt very welcome, valued, and have been provided great coaching from my manager. While I am currently working remotely from home, I feel very connected to my team and truly enjoy the work we do. I feel that I am more productive in this setting and would like to have the option to be remote in the future.
There is still some culture of blame-shifting and cover-my-back which is not nice to work in. I just want to do the work by good collaboration without having to watch my back.
Make the systems we have in place better and not just come up with a new system every few years.  Implement a Help Desk that can actually help. Allow people to become SMEs for their role before pressuring them to have projects and come up with a plan to move within the company.
Continue to work on our abilities to share knowledge within the company - one barrier I have in my day-to-day activities is being able to access knowledge in different MIDAS workgroups and different Merck applications. There are a lot of barriers to these systems and getting access change all the time
Drive concrete actions to prioritize time to think and execute while making meetings shorter and more effective. Also promote education and methodologies for time management and productivity in order to make remote work more effective and fun.
Continue to implement ways to recognize and reward employees and remain competitive with the industry
Merck and MSD needs to recognize people who have been working here for a long time and promote them accordingly to avoid clashes within the team and entire workforce in a department
Remove barriers linked to creating a culture of experimentation. Targeted efforts to address stress and Webex Fatigue Create programs supporting mental health and wellbeing Create a seamless working experience for new hires
Evaluate the inefficiencies imposed on the sites from the processes led by QSIP / QMS Ops.  Evaluate priorities and capacity at sites -- remove/delay work that is lower priority or hire capacity to support all work.
Better Integration with GES on projects. Mindset changes to doing things different, smarter.
Pay in lieu of unused vacation.
Include customer (patient and payer) needs into our clinical trials.
work more efficiently, be less risk averse to new technology, hire more people to do the work if not able to work more efficiently
While I feel that my area has balanced my work/life needs well, I know employees in other areas where that is not the case. Merck needs to insure equitable application of it's policies and guidances across the company.
Recognize hard work Look at work life balance
Make their KPIs for Diversity and Inclusion visible to the company. Ensure upper and middle management are aligned on the companies diversity and inclusion goals. Look at our people are rewarded and promoted across the company. Look at the schools we go to  recruit new talent.
My biggest concern is future revenue growth from new products.
I would prefer politics not play a role in our work life.  There were no issues until Merck started bringing outside influences into our work-life.  Now there are tensions that are only a result of these issues being forced into the environment.
Continue to offer flexibility in employee's schedules....this helps tremendously with work/life balances.
Provide the appropriate resources for lines of business with the most growth and need.
Show us that Merck will get into the mRNA science and once again become a leader.
keep on with the same strategy
I think Merck is a good place to work
continue to simplify how work is done including standard ways of doing routine tasks.  Also manage the spew of IT systems which are good incrementally but introduce much variability in where and how people work;  need to support such deployments with support for how to best use them
Merck and MSD should strive for data driven, risk-based decision making process to promote innovation and affect  positive change.  We may be spending too much time updating different levels of management in a Tier setting (Tiers 1 through 7), which hinders effective and timely decision making process.
On the personal side, more ways to save money on Health Care like Health Savings Account in the US will be a huge differentiator making Merck more than a better place to work. Even though we have Flexible Savings which is great for certain known healthcare expenses. But for the unexpected healthcare bills, which might pop-up faster and not having budget for yet can add lots of stress.   Overall, I am happy to see Merck's Diversity and Inclusion initiatives as well as opportunities to grow for everyone. Thank you!
I think as we challenged ourselves to conduct work remotely during the pandemic, we found ways to work remotely and continue to run the business.  It would be nice to continue a hybrid approach for working on-site and remotely.  This provides flexibility that is sometimes needed to find the right work-life balance with children (i.e. appointments, reduction in travel time allows more work time and family time).  Example...if it takes 30 minutes one way to travel to work.  I can work 30 minutes longer while getting 30 additional minutes with family.
Company needs a culture of critical thinkers.
Establish HR policy which requires 6 core hours a day to support business functions and allows flex time the other 2 required hours.
Invest in technical development  (soft ware, powerful laptop) - >to ensure decrease of time wasting on routine operational tasks.
Provide the flexibility for employees to work from home
encourage/ support personal time and work end times due to working from home for over year now
Continuous prioritization and communication of priorities by IT leadership.  Too often teams are frantically working on multiple priorities with no clear understanding (up the entire management chain) how the various priorities are aligned with other teams or even a mechanism to facilitate such a discussion.  Part of the 'meeting culture' driver is the time spent trying to  figure out if something is worth working on or who even owns a decision to work on something.    e.g. Leadership vacuum created culture of collaborative (and ultimately defensive) decision making to achieve 'safety' in numbers for any decision.  Since authority is generally unknown/undefined, meetings help defuse decision risk.
My Role is at site support level and I constantly work with other sites and global chapter owner. Sometimes I think we are not bringing enough training (specific to Quality chapter) to nurture creativity and stay with current development in the field.
Continue to support work / life balance - such as child and elder care, and continue to support Work From Home for those positions that allow for it.
Keep working on deconstructing biased minds, giving more job opportunities for socially disadvantage people, creating a even more and truly diverse environment. I found extremely beautiful the work the company has been doing in the last couple of years and I am proud of being part of this company and mission.
From an engineering pespective the use of data to drive the correct decisions
Actually start making changes and not just talking about it.  We have a diversity and inclusion VP and team, and I found out about it after years of being with the company.  If there is no real intent to actually address the root cause, then do not do anything.  Focus on this like we focus on long term health of the company, stop chasing the short term headline moves.
I think Merck should continue to promote the work/ life balance and flexibility that it currently does.  One of the main benefits of working at Merck is the flexibility and remote work.  With the COVID pandemic, I think that is even more critical and will be a big factor in retaining talent.
The pandemic has caused many employees to work from home for an extended period.  I expect post-pandemic many will find it desirable to continue to do so.  However, the potential impact is the feeling of a lack of connection, especially for newer employees.  I don't have an immediate solution for this, but just want to raise awareness that some effort/consideration in this regard would be helpful.
Eliminate political contributions and Merck PAC. Increase workforce specifically focused on environmental initiatives.
Continue to support flexible work arrangements (including remote working when appropriate) in the post pandemic state
Evaluate workloads, assess compensation package, benefits, AIP and bonus structure to retain employees so that talent is not leaving for more attractive offers.
Allow first-level managers the ability to spend their time coaching their team, solving problems within their department, and improving current processes. These managers (M1/M2) are severely overloaded with day-to-day work, leaving them no time to explore and implement improvements, keep a full staff (hire in a timely fashion), disseminate and communicate information from upper management, and effectively manage and coach their team.
To do more compliant our routine work with work/life/balance principles
Become a place to work instead of a social outlet. Our CEO uses his position to further his personal social agenda. I feel that a company is in business for a specific purpose and should stick to that purpose and not try to sway or offer opinions in political matters. We are her to serve the people, all of the people not one group or another. It's not our place to alienate any perceived group or groups. We are here to make medicine and  and serve the people. "We try never to forget that medicine is for the people. Its' not for profit." The profits will come! George Merck.
Provide improved/new lab equipment so we are able to do our day to day job better.  (Ex: Increase pool of community used equipment such as portable isoflurane unit, or training microscope/dissection scope set up.
Would like to have information cascaded that is relevant to the company and/or product I am working on instead of hearing it from outside resources (new/articles) first or having to research it on my own via external resources.
Attract talents  More investments and strategic alliances to expand future pipeline
We need to provide more resources so that you have a chance a achieving a good work life balance. And streamlining systems and procedures to cut out the redundant work.  We aim to have great knowledge management and have many tools to achieve this, but that is the problem, we have MANY tools.  And not sharing them across teams and divisions means it takes so much time to look up information and this is even if you know it exists in the first place. Second please fix the change control process so it does not have to be full time job on top of my full time job. Besides the whole process being very sequential; having the non-GMP CPWS system is not helpful unless you actually get quality or CMC feedback up front.
Too many big changes (GLIMS, QualityDocs, IPI) at once makes the "run the business" difficult.
merck needs better IT support to resolved issues that slows down work and improve efficiency,
Ensure Merck's policies are in-line with our competitors and our Collaborative Partners (i.e. AZ & Eisai).  There is a huge discrepancy in how Merck sales is allowed to engage customers vs. our competitors and/or collaborative partners.
stop with the recruitment freezes, this allows us to employ enough people for all the workload
simplify ways of working; there are too many processes and too many differentiated roles
Less vertical structure, empower people and make decisions at the right level instead of having all decisions going to VPs. That creates a situation where decisions are likely to be political driven instead of focusing on the right priorities.
Get rid of email as the primary communication tool.  Reduce the total number of communication tools supported (email, MS teams, yammer, spark, in-scope, sharepoint, on and on and on) - information overload.
Continue to take creative and persistent steps to shift to a healthier work culture.  Merck staff are accustomed to working long hours and having little permission to truly step away from work.  As an example, note the number of people who cover for themselves on vacation.  This stems from our mixed messaging around: (a) take time for yourself but (b) this business priority needs all hands on deck and no delays.   We have more to do to positively create culture of backing each other up and truly disconnecting during time off.
Continue foster cross functional collaboration, simplify business process, being Agile and create strong communities globally to share best practices and solutions so that we are not wasting resources to re-inventing process/solutions. Instead, we focus all resources to deliver our mission- saving and improving life
Applying the concept of working as a team as a company.  When we work as a team within every department thru out the company, we will success as a company.  Continually hiring people who believe working as a team, imputing their ideas to the work we do to be more efficient in our daily work.  In communicating with our customer we are  showing them as a company we do want their input as to how Merck and MSD  make us a a great place to work and deliver on our mission.
Merck and MSD should keep what they are successfully doing now: retain talent, maintain diversity and support innovation.
(1) Management are too often the last people one would ask for help.  (2) Processes are used as an excuse to bully personnel (3) Far too many working groups that only talk and create ONE-NOTE Reports (4) Not enough real support for specialists who get real work done.
Ensure effective and realistic planning of workloads and adequate resourcing across departments and across sites
Merck needs to have competitive pay.  They say they keep up with the market but it’s obvious they are not looking at the pharmaceutical market.  So many people come and go because they get better pay elsewhere.
First of all, I think Merck is an excellent company to work for and I am happy with the empowerment provided to employees. That said, I think there should have been more consideration of the impact of COVID on employees and the fact that the majority of people I work with, as well as myself, have been doing double the work to create and stand-up an entirely new company. Neither of those two factors were included in the 2020 scorecard calculations and it seems to have led to a disconnected feeling amongst many of my colleagues and leadership. A lot of people have been working their tails off and to see the company make more in 2020 than the previous year and then get told they're going to get 89% of their expected bonus was not well received by the people on the front line.
Not get involved in politics, but rather focus on business which should be devoid of politics, religion and support of any specific agendas  Don’t apply a Primary Care template to Hospital/Specialty Sales Allow Hospital Representatives/Specialty Sales to be the territory experts rather than marketing when determining who to call on and how often. Market research and suggestions are appreciated as suggestions to be explored by boots on the ground territory owners for validation of business and revenue opportunity Reduce administrative duties as much as possible to ensure maximizing driving sales
Improve systems to enhance efficiencies
Prioritize getting us back in the office face-to-face. So many changes these past few years; need to stabalize and return to normal.
More open communications regarding future changes, if any, specifically regarding job security.
Treat MSD & contract workers as equals and to be a bit more hesitant when it comes to terminating employees contracts based on one individuals opinion. A little bit more compassion and investigation would go along way.
Invest more in staff by way of training and remuneration. Make conscious to recruit good talent to fill in the gaps and strive to keep your good hands.
Cultrue of Science and Innovation
Listen to it's employees.  Continue to let employees work from home even after things get better.  We have proven it can be done efficiently.
Need to see diversity and inclusion in hiring practices, consideration for promotion or for opportunities to broaden skillset.
Ensure that managers and personnel who are responsible for creating CAPAs understand the processes that they are in charge of supervising and potentially changing.
Ways of working is a great start - can we also please invest in a structured cultural change process, which includes 360 feedback, full leadership involvement and opportunities to make vulnerability & authenticity a prominent part of who we are?  Susi Fiedler did amazing work on this in Europe and it would deliver incredible dividends in the rest of the organization, in productivity, employee well-being and engagement.
I think these are complex times in terms of well being and reducing stress, but just keep having in place tools and resources in all countries (not only US) to help everyone handle this pandemic situation in a better way. To be able to reduce the number of meetings, there are times when that is simply not manageable. Continue providing digital tools to transform and be able to give more time to analyze instead of making manual activities.
Find more activities to interact with the community or provide more communication about it. Better work/ family  balance. Promote better healthy activities onsite
I don't feel comfortable answering this question in the current environment in our company.
Invest in talent within the organization, not just on paper/webinars! But really invest resources in developing new initiatives that our employees are putting forth to management in order to truly live out D&I, and thus foster WOW.
Move beyond a half-hearted commitment to diversity and inclusion that stops at counting bodies. Begin to measure aspects of the company culture that make it an unwelcoming place for black employees that do not rise to legal risk (like micro-aggressions). Actively work with hiring managers to ensure that they are not just recruiting from their white, privileged networks, and require leadership at all levels to sincerely check in with employees about issues at home or issues in the world to show genuine concern. Help white employees realize that they only believe that Merck does not have diversity and inclusion problems in the workplace, because they are not personally affected by them - not because those problems do not exist at Merck. Evolve the definition of "professionalism" at Merck away from the current traditional white, male model to be a more inclusive definition so we are not asking women and diverse employees to merely acculturate.
Leave politics out of the workplace.  Recent world events are challenging however Merck stepping into,the political arena is a distraction to the work we should be doing.  Leadership can ensure Merck’s standards are met internally however the constant thrust of political issues into the workplace is uncomfortable.
Send items to remote employee's homes to make their remote experience better and ensure safety, like high quality masks issued at site for use at home, ergonomic aids for home use to help with carpal tunnel, etc.
Make the application process more transparent for applicants and get back to them in a timely manner to let them know what is going on....
listen to suggestions and potential enhancements to processes and be flexible when applicable
Keep pressing forward to obtain the new products we are working on now and getting them to the customer before starting new ones.
Job security Deal to be made as promised Stop promise star and sun if company cannot make it
Continue listening to employee's suggestion's and implementing them wherever possible.
Continue to focus on delivering quality and effective treatments to patients.  We need to support efforts to educate patients on safety and effectiveness of our products. We need to ensure that processes and support systems are designed with end users in mind (sometimes a one-sized fits all solution is not necessarily the best).   We need to ensure that employees are given insight into reasons some initiatives or process changes cannot be implemented.
If a truly diverse and inclusive workplace is a goal, then ALL aspects of diversity and inclusion should be encouraged, not just those related to skin color and sexual orientation.
Improve Pay, Annual leave as well as other Terms and conditions for employees to ensure talent are retained
A cultural change/shift needs to occur between hourly and salaried employees to promote positive behaviors and favorable viewpoints to changes that occur.
Make a very concerted effort toward simplification to manage workload and drive efficiency
I know it’s hard, and there are lots of people constantly working on it, but managed care access on most of our products. One of the largest blockades is when a product that would otherwise be a great fit for a patient is denied for insurance reasons. I don’t have much else to say, this is a wonderful company.
We need more FTE's (not just contract employees) to expand our support teams.  We continue to grow and expand the field sales force, but we aren't adding resources and systems to support them.  We need systems that can show us all applicable data in one place.  Today we have to use multiple systems to try and obtain all the information needed to do our jobs and make good decisions.
I consider MSD a great place to work, in the case of my operation here in Costa Rica I think the lead team work a lot to create a good environment to work and opportunities to grow up as a professional. The team is helping us to deliver the mission of the company.
Focus on the patient  and not politics
With regards to implementation of safety practices/measurement, suggest to have more thorough evaluation to be performed from individual site instead of just based on incident that happened in only one site. This is to ensure the proposed measurement is practical, effective and not creating more safety hazard to the shop floor.
Ensure resources to support all required activities.  The additional spin work did not leave any flexibility for if team members out unexpectedly.   Continue to offer various development opportunities to the employees at all levels.
I do not feel safe voicing my concerns here.
Good Communication.
Offer a formal work from home option after 1+ year of working away from the office - employees may have had their lives adjusted drastically and the flexibility this brings to them is invaluable.  Remove layers and traditional organizational hierarchy where possible to make things more efficient, faster and bring a sense of greater connection to the leaders who are setting the vision and strategy to deliver on our mission.
Really practice what we preach about work life balance and mental health
Continue work to empower individuals and teams to make decisions at the proper level, and to embrace a rapid pace of change and innovation
More employee development curriculums to further hone their skills. Focus on personnel health and safety programs.
we need more headcount to  do the work. We constantly add work, but nothing is being  removed or stopped. The company is conservative in  its approach (quality , compliance risks) compared to our peers.
Breaking unnecessary barriers to increase productivity
Research on new powerful products like Keytruda to ensure the company's leading position in the industry; Incentives to motivate people (considering the disappointing scorecard last year).
Merck and MSD are currently doing a great job in keeping everyone informed and included with all that is going on in the world and the company.  I just say continue what we are doing!!
- Inclusion and gender equality should not be achieved at the expense of men negative discrimination (too obvious now)  - Our pipeline is not convincing enough; the company needs to take action towards strategic acquisitions  - With the overall budget cuts we are facing, some projects can not progress as expected due to lack of resources; at the same time, some positions (global / regional) should be re-considered as they can no longer be justified (examples are resources in products in LOE - diabetes soon should dramatically reduce resources)
We need to stop using MPS as an out for adding more work without appropriate resourcing. Most professionals will try to absorb work, to the detriment of long term health and joy. I heard it once said that a goal is a fair day's work, but no actions have been taken to support that.
Continue to support employees in our new ways of working! Some customers still prefer phone calls or online meetings!
Just continue to value the employee
Ensure clarity in expectations.
To encourage managers and above, not to work long after working hours & no emails flying at night or over the weekend
evaluate leaders on thier view of their employee and how to manage their employees' behavior, personal struggles and differences (view etc.) so that there will be no biases on their decision making and assistance evaluate the working environment   evaluate the support group
Continue to what you do to make your presence felt by your employees - you have no idea how comforting to see that the company still cares on our wellbeing (mentally and physically) and the small little care packs/festive packs. The next is to continue cultivating the empathy and understanding virtues among the leaders.
Continue the current atmosphere of valuation of good work, camaraderie, inclusion and diversity
It will be great if company can provide some support on improving working from home environment.
Have all Merck leaders take a course on how to practice servant leadership, and hold them accountable to these principles.
Improve employee well-being by increasing resources where needed.  I do not have time to focus on the Well-Being options rolled out due to my workload. The most certain thing is that there is always change : Merck and MSD's agility is key to successful mission delivery.  However, please be mindful of too many major changes in short periods of time : change fatigue, uncertainty and decreased employee engagement.  Continue to focus on the science and the patients.
Reduce workload, stress. Be more transparent about what's going on in ANZ
Value current talents and provide necessary upskilling with  increasing needs / demands of society and industry.
New product launches
More transparent in term of job promotion.
Have more perks to reward the people. Listen in to the voices of the people and not penalize them because they speak up.
I want to talk to my boss and senior on even ground as  a human.
Drive empowerment and decision making to XLT level, ensure common goals across divisions, active HR group to explain and proactively share opportunities/resources available to employees
Recognition of the efforts and contributions done in an objective manner. Keep wiht the same compromise for patient needs
Provide more office tools to continue work from home. ( Comfortable table & new labtop/service the current labtop) Internet allowances.
Listen to the ground, they are the people closest to what is actually happening. NEVER punish your people for some nonsensical reason, because we were asked to do nonsensical tasks in the first place. DO NOT encourage us to run a racetrack barefooted, only to decorate the road with spikes and obstacle along the way to creep us down.
Help out COVID-19 Vaccination to employees and get back to our daily activities little by little, but, the most important thing, keep our mind healthy and compensate the stress regarding this pandemic time
1. Simplify processes 2. Challenge "status quo" and have "outside-in" perspective (i.e. look at what are industries are doing to make them a great place to work") 3. Leaders and managers realize the importance of their role in engaging their people and team vs managing people like a "check the box" exercise.
Continue to deliver safe and effective products for the people without compromising the health or wellbeing of people.
Continue to evaluate and look for products to compliment our pipeline.
Locally too often we benchmark against peers and as long as we're top or top 5 we are satisfied. We should be leading the way be it business results, employee engagement etc. We should be setting the benchmark for aiming for one. Eg, Don't wait to see if other companies are sending monthly care packs to employees to do it or if other Pharmas are giving work from home allowances, we should be doing such things because we care for employees and believe it is the right thing to do.
Keep the positive changes due to COVID when we enter post COVID times
More empowerment to the employees and decision making enabling at the local level & country level  On the other hand and aligned with the above comment, some areas within MMD are not well-defined and do not have clear structure, objectives, with task overlapping with other areas that could perform them more efficiently and effectively
Ensure the well being of your employee is take care care and encourage the culture and sense of belonging will eventually make the company great place to work
Needs to Understand About COVID Situation
Understanding the current situation of surroundings
Reduced more admin work, introduce data analytic experts to do sales analysis and present to sales team so as to know which is the focus area and potential areas to build.
More team conferences to hear the voice from all the team members.
Things can be done with more transparency. Selection of people should be done on merits not on relationship and reference basis. Need more female leaders and women should get equal chance and opportunity become leaders
MSD should also look at Inorganic growth opportunities
Need to help employees work life balance. Should not be done only by scheduling sessions on work life balance.
At this current situation please help with beds oxygen and other requirements if any of our colleague or their family suffer from covid.
Management to be realistic and also understand the ground reality . Stop blaming TBM for all losses.
if you don't talk to the people or care you can make it better
Msd is great organisation to work , believe in  high standards value , the only thing which I am  looking forward to little more agile towards the market capturing and and more aggressive towards the bringing new products in the market.
Transparency at work place
Provide not only instruction of how to work but also adequate rationale explaining existing requirements (why we should work in that way). Provide not only trainings as presentations, slides, but also workshops. Allocate adequate workload in terms of studies and sites quantity and taking into account employee participation in extra initiatives. To make sure that not only CRAs (subordinates) are aware with regards to existing SOPs, Job Aid, but also their managers (since it is often happens that CRMs who had no previous experience at MSD as a CRA are not fully aware about MSD-requirements in terms of SOPs, Job Aids, so cannot provide adequate management).
MSD has a pool of talented people, who want to innovate and ensure that new inventions and new products are taken to the needy patients. We need new molecule to stay competitive in market.
1. Take feedbacks from Therapy Managers about practical problems of the field and work to find solutions for it. 2. Marketing team should include team members or some formal group should be there which includes sales team members to work around the strategy.
Everything is balanced in MSD
To be more adaptable to the current market dynamics
In current situations field staff need more support for doing business growth. Support in terms of field expenses for safety
Incentive scheme by month, instead of by quarter.
Everything are best.
New products
One ball at a time
Company need to give compensation to all field employees as per market MNC standard
Come with more new products and idea to add revenue to company as well to us in way of healthy incentives
Understanding what the shopfloor employees are experiencing before implementing stringent and difficult policies which doesn't value add and/or making the job easier. Especially towards global policies affecting all of the company sites throughout the world.
Introduce new products to the market
Provide opportunities to deserving candidates across different markets including developing markers.  for leadership positions.
Transparency and accountability in business decisions. Changes are inevitable but trusting employees in changes is also important. Being data savy is good however with the change in geography challenges are different . The focus needs to be global as well as local.
Add new products in our MSD Group
Generating new drugs to save lives and Building internal Opportunities.
The company is doing good and may it continuously bring relevant programs for all the employees.
Actively promote continued work from home (remote working) for those who's jobs can be done remotely and have a preference to do so
Already MSD is the best place to work.
Already up to the mark
Can better take care of its people
take care of employee physical and mental health, encourage healthy work and personal lifestyle. increase the increment to inspire the hardwork and contribution of employee
To introduce new product & the new indication of the existing product at earliest for the Indian Business.
I think company should invest more on product portfolio
Working with Chinese innovative industries to bring great products to more patients.
Instead of hiring someone new who is experienced and fit the role, it's also good to consider the existing manpower. Consider providing the necessary coaching and development for the staff might be more beneficial to the team as the staff is already familiar with day to day operations and the resources in the company.
Needs to change the work culture in the organisation.
I feel that we don’t have the utmost support for our customers especially in this difficult  times.
It will be better if the company can share the annual target and quarterly target of the TBM in the year beginning  this will help to plan the year well  currently the target is shared on quarterly bases  and mostly we get target after the quarter begins
Transparency, strategic planning and futuristic approach
HCP List maintenance is a huge task. Especially addition and deletion cumbersome and never get updated even after several process.   The process is very complicated which never matches the simple process adopted by other companies in the industry   Customer engagement process is too complicated that leads to lot of confusion because of over interference  of auto systems. Also the engagement protocol are too rigid unlike other companies in  the industry
The way MSD helping right now it has to be improvised like mental coaching at the time of pandemic. Helping financial aid if require. Forming Task force in the pandemic situations . HR should speak each and every employee to boost up his moral support. Arranging hospitalisation and medication  like now present situation no hospital is giving admission under insurance.Rs.3-5lakhs advance has to pay.
Let’s have new products in our CVM basket
New products in India
Please introduce new molecules in our division
MSD has the best workplace environment in the industry. It should keep doing the same.
Introducing new innovative Brands and product which is now missing from Human Health part. The future of Merck and MSD is depending huge on New Product especially in cardio Metabolic Division, we see nothing coming up from several years.
Collaboration of products
Strong plan of MSD CVM for next 10 years.
Should come with more new products, understand the market need ,pls do not put our strategies to our customers which they don’t need, make sop after consider the market need, pls promote internal growth.
Train people effectively. Introduce teamwork. Remove Inspire rewards, as it is not equally shared and is now repeating what went before it.
Get connected with the people and take the feedback
improve the working process and policy
Improve on-boarding.  Because of Covid, virtual on-boarding was not very informative.  I've had to ask so many questions of everyone that I'm starting to feel like an idiot!
New ways of working Diversity and inclusion Our Values and Standards
Seeing the Pandemic and its after effect I am bit worried about the future.  Bit anxious about job security in purview of loss of exclusivity of our brand, no clear messages are receiving in company meetings about future plans. Also so many challenges which directly affect the sales like online pharmacy; no actions seems to be happening to ease the challenge. Company new allowance modifications are challenging to cop up especially in COVID time.
Should have a good pipeline of products to make the employees feel confident . Employees should be aware of the future and pipeline products .
More empowerment , straight unbiased discussions with manager should help
Lets our Leaders shows what's in store for future for employees. We cant see our things will shape up in coming days for CVM franchise.
being allowed to push back on deadlines imposed by quality/  for CAPA and response to audit . I mostly work on projects which require1-2 years and quality often imposes shorter deadlines because they have promised answers to regulatory body without consulting feasibility of deadlines . Even when I explain  upfron why it cannot be delivered in less than a year , I am not being heard by quality customers and deadlines are pushed when it is not feasible
Develop employees and partner with educational institutions to capture future talent
Encourage even more open collaboration between the different sites within the network and with our global groups
departments tend to become small islands, I think communication and collaboration could be improved if groups with similar tasks from different departments would share knowledge and experiences
Don't use short term employees, but focus on creating a sustainable team. So that the working environment is stable and coherent.
Actively encourage and support divisional workshops to brainstorm, share experience and knowledge.
Add Some More Product to our portfolio to increase market share of MSD.
Ensure that employee's are supported in their (achievable) goals. Taking in consideration not just the company goals. But also acknowledging that supporting employee goals, that might not have 100% overlap with company goals, can lead to a happier and as such more efficient and dedicated employee.  Additionally it should thread carefully on the diversity and inclusion area. While diversity and inclusion is very important, brute forcing such matters might lead to unintentional inequality.
Offers better resources  for better work place.
To continuously add to the portfolio so the team has a rich basket to promote
keep supproting the development plans, timely rewards and recognition, talent development
As an organisation already helping us in this difficult time of COVID, If in case any MSD employee work force and their family get affected with COVID and need oxygen or  any medical assistance in hospitals kindly assist for those things.
Keep improve work life balance
We should find innovative ways to ensure that we deliver the solution to our customers needs.
hi  it is great, company could bring new molecules to CVM team in India.
Review the change control process. There should be more focus on efficiency gains. Change control mindset seems to be "no change is good" we need to challenge that - Change control should be actively helping changes related to efficiency
work on Employee satisfaction, Employee grooming,learning part , self development and time to time level growth
For our processes and systems to be agile like veeva approvals etc
Remain consistent. Do what we say we were going to do.
More empowerment to local teams closest to the customer, less top down approach
own researched molecules
by changing some policies in business srtegies.
CONSULT THE WORKERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  about how to streamline the flow of Production
Respond to queries raised within a decided timeframe.
Work life balance
Ensure conditions for working from home are good.
Company and its environment is very good for work , MSD is one of the best organisation in the world, I am proud to be associated with sach a great organisation
Politics,job security  and biasedness is huge challenge  in the current situation.if it is shorted out we can be happy and give our 100%.
To help all countries in current pandemic. To take initiative to  research and production of COVID vaccine.
More of this type of 360 evaluation of leaders .. perhaps more systemic and more telling
Right products we need for the future,so it can be more value to our organisation, Research and development need to going on ,market growth and stability will continued.
To have more flexibility and provide employees to work more on home offices also after pandemic, or give them this option.
Company always should work on Ethics and value ,
Develops more medicines and vaccine products to benefit all people in the world.
MSD is extending all best possible support for employees.
Working during Covid has demonstrated that working from home can be done successfully. Post Covid, people should be given the flexibility to continue this at an appropriate level to allow a better integration of home life and work.
Keep pressing and increasing environmental sustainability goals
Great place to work
Bring new molecules and brands.
Simpler work flow. Processes are complexed leads to delay the work.
Sponsor full GYM Membership / Sport Activities to support an active healthy workforce.
we are very much concerned about LOE of Januvia, what will happen to us after LOE next year
Pl continue the good job doing currently
Expanding  the product basket by new product Introduction ,thus increase the market presence ,must do Image building exercises .
to have better adjustment on the salary where we should get a satisfactory salary increment that proportional with the effort that we put in.
Introduction to newer market.
Job security, problems solving team to handle all in one stop , work place and admin balance, new brand introduction.
The resourcing provided does not match the workload.
To launch new products to our portfolio
Very good company
Improve internal entrepreneurship. Create small teams and make them profit/loss responsible. respect local/national culture and not dictating from the US Less bureaucratic.
Equip with various support to Reach out Customers
There should be more new products added in our portfolio
Timely feedback from field force
Whilst empowered to control diary, the number of 'WebEx' & TEAMS meetings has exploded. Please create safe & protected time i.e. Mindful Monday, where NO meetings can be put in to diaries to protect stress levels and give people time to think
Better picture on development plan and career opportunities will enhance motivation and will help the individual to move next level.
We are doing extremely Great
Increase inclusion even when we are working from home, I believe in these times were are becoming more and more individuals which has an affect on the 'feeling; of belonging to a group.
Open culture with support from First line manager. There should not be negativity in team. Growth for potential employee.
- simplify processes - more investments in leadership roles and their engagement - less matrix
- greater alignment of values from global HQ to local subsidiaries - more opportunities for local talents in smaller markets
Separate the Animal Health Business from the large Merck organization.
Expand business in new species with innovative products .
Put customers are the center of business, anticipate and meet their evolving needs through products and patient offering. it has become purely profit seeking and profit centric, culture getting impacted through poor leadership practice of driving fear to achieve
Always support the sales field force with proper resources and good quality products.they should feel the job security and growth and should give hundred percentage of their commitment to the organisation
Broadly MSD is doing a great job. The biggest problem for me currently is the increasing workloads but at at time where it is difficult to find suitable contract workers due to the pressure on the market. This puts increasing pressure on the team. So we need to prioritise to reduce the pressure / workload in the absence of suitable contract resources but this is not always accepted as a legitimate justification to not do work. The market place will change over time and this will hopefully correct this problem. In the meantime, I believe the leadership need to recognise the work levels (which are not just as a result of the marketplace) and do their bit to level load, with them deferring less import initiatives rather than the lower levels having to point to the obviously high workloads and pointing this obvious point out.
Lean Organizational structure, short decision-making paths,
Management should try and listen to experienced advice/concerns. A difference of opinion expressed is not always to be viewed as negative criticism. When we listen we learn as a group.    Focus on letting individuals work in a safe and timely manner, rather than constantly adopting a time in motion, accountability for minutes and downtime tracking approach.  This in turn causes pressure and lack of focus on the individuals involved, who are trying to complete their daily tasks.   Inspire awards seem to be a cause of division among peers.  Some people are recognised  all the time while others completing similar tasks are not . This does not demonstrate Inclusive behaviour.  If a company metric was run in the morning the same peoples names would be at top of the list for numerous award recognitions while others would be minimal.  Each individual when doing similar work or providing similar assistance as a fellow worker in their respective areas, should recognised and be treated equally.
I would suggest the following points for Merck and MSD to consider, these suggestions are based on my current position and division. 1:As far as CVM division is concerned there has been a huge CLUTTER to the way forward for this division considering the LOE of JANUVIA franchise. 2: Serving MSD for past 8 years, and giving the company the prime of my youth, MSD should have plans for providing employees with an alternative, be it working in a different division or any other function or providing  with other benefits. 3: MSD must also work on better customer engagements competitive with its counterparts giving its employees a fare chance to compete. 4:Coming to the current pandemic, MSD as a global company of high reputation should think of better ways to connect with customers rather then focusing on providing the product details.
Invest more in user friendly IT systems that really "speak with each other" and are fit for purpose. This would reduce the amount of useless time spent on tracking lists and reduce manual work and associated errors.
No I think we are in good state.
Expansion of Diabetes portfolio with new product.
New products
Empowering employees(develop and promote internally instead of hiring external candidates that know nothing and expected to be trained by MSD/Merck employees. Hire according to the skills not because of someone you know
at CVM team we are currently dealing with only one product... need new products or solution to serve patients in better way.
Adapt to changes in the business environment brought about by the pandemic.
People first .
I speak any time to my senior on personal or business issues, also  my idea and opinion is appreciated by every senior. They give attention to my concerns
Let’s work  towards the development of COVID-19 Vaccine in more INNOVATIVE ways , so that the vaccine helps with more coverage, and as per our motto we will serve the world the unmet need. Since as Vaccine pioneers MSD can make change in bigger way of Global health.
Streamline and focus on essential items.
I am very proud and feeling happy to work, and encouraging my manager also is most important for me
MSD is a great organization to work with , I have spent more than 10 years in this organization, only thing HR polices in MSD Human Pharma and MSD Animal health should be similar since the organization is same . two saturday off should be there in MSD Animal health also the way it is in MSD Pharma .
Listen & apply to employees feedbacks to make work environment better
Provide Safety Resources to Travel in Pandemic Situations.
No other opinion
MSD needs to simplify complicated internal processes and reduce number of SOPs and details included to SOP's. When people get more freedom to use their own brains and are empowered we can create more inclusive place to work.
To offer more opportunities to grow and develop new skills.
Resource the business to fit the market now and in five years time
1. Increased communication and Feedback 2. Revisits career growth of employees 3. Work flexibility - to work from any location for any job opportunity any where
Work safety in pandemic situations.
New Molecules for Diabetes Management.
Maximum entries coverage with effective & updating knowledge of improving field force
Think of being more agile in decision making.
New products, strong strategy, work life balance culture
1. Technical Sound Employees  2. Technical session on regular basis  3. New product Launching 4. Collaborative Work with All Over
A good company and management and great place of working I am a happy to part of company
Clear planning on resources and a better way to measure the work that we do. There is a struggle to manage the amount of work and prioritize the right aspects. It always ends up being a circular discussion and people and then asked to absorb the work leading to poor work/life balance. Clearer instructions from leadership, ahead of time before a crisis hits will help manage this.
I am feel proud work with Merck And MSD. We provide quality and research product in market.
New products launch new initiative in work profile
Bringing more innovative products and treat patient in a better way.
Hope MSD to become an equal employer. For example during the Finance quarterly team meeting, the first row of seat in the meeting room is reserved for leadership team members instead of following "first come, first served" principle. Non-leadership team members feel being treated differently.
Keep up the way things are now as it is a great place to work. In the future, provide the option to WFH one or two days a week  as we have demonstrated how well it works throughout the pandemic. I think this would encourage a lot of people to stay with the company for longer. Continue to recognise peoples work, I always really appreciate the small gestures we receive when we reach certain milestones such as ; pizza kits, coffee cups etc. The small gestures mean a lot.
Continuing to invest and provide opportunities to there current work force where possible, ensuring they feel valued.
I am in Vaccines division, So I want more vaccines should introduce in Indian market, as because opportunity is huge. As we all  know that now  RV vaccine is in NIP program, So if we add at least 1-2 vaccines in India, We can save more lives and we can protect more patients.
Launch innovative products ( Vaccines) to develop & expand the market.
extra holidays for shift workers and another shift options.
The onboarding/training process has been warped (understandably) due to COVID.  I am just now, however, completing some required trainings 9 months into my time at Merck.  These are lengthy trainings that take up a lot of my time, but I'm deep into my project and responsibilities right now...and I don't necessarily have the bandwidth for these trainings.  There are other new P1s/contractors on my team who have had no issues getting into these trainings right away.  I'm frustrated that I didn't receive these trainings in my first couple months when I had a lot more time to spare.  I feel like I was not prioritized by my team.  Overall I'm disappointed with how my onboarding process looked.  I wish Elkton had done a better job with their new employees in the middle of the pandemic rather than just cancelling or postponing everything.
More resources and amenities for on-site workers. I would love child care at work and some green space to eat lunch in. Also, I’d also like to see an increased 401k match as long as it doesn’t mean a reduction in other benefits.
improve the balance and possibilities to work from home
Higher pay based on the market conditions of other companies in the area in North Carolina; More inter-divisional communication at the specific sites.
working from home is not something all people excell at.  Some need to be able to go into workplace aybe  once or twice a week  to be able to work efficiently .  Merck need to be able to have desk that are separated not a cluster of 6 desk toghether, but maybe desk separated by  separators like 10 years ago to be able to let more than one person in office at time.  With the separator people will have social; distanciation and not mingle .
Keep people involved. I feel in this difficult time there is a lot of focus on work and what needs to get done, because of patient safety. Sometimes I would like to bond more and have a bit more the team feeling. Because with all the meetings you can be on an island sometimes.
make working procedure less complicated and neat
More focus on work life balance particularly in pandemic situation; support innovation and fast fail approach; quicker and simpler processes to facilitate agile ways of working
Listen to their people, listen to their customers and work toward providing mutually beneficial outcomes.
Ensure the best strategic approach and resources on decision making around company acquisitions and joint ventures
Take care of employees well being and improve the benefit.
New products
Continue on the path Leadership has provided and make adjustments when necessary.
Competitive compensation, promote key talent, continue breaking down silos.
Launch some new products
MSD Animal Health India  Company very good customer faithfully service and communication villages area and town  The regular deliver mission and goals
Implement one "big change" at a time, give people time to adjust, incorporate the new learnings and then go on with new changes.
Proper planning , smart working positive attitude
Simple human mistakes are looked at as catastrophes.  You can do 1000 things right and make 1 error and all the good you did is lost. This causes extra pressure and raises anxiety.  We all make mistakes, but at Merck you must be perfect
Take advantage of technologies to take place of what was previously done in person (on the job site) for the future.  Working remotely is a tremendous cost savings for the company/employer and also the employee.
Take in consideration that DI Principles are necessary but add complexity to the work.
Make "One Merck" concept true - Animal Health employees are still not treated equally to HH.
Expand Field colleague
Work together as a team supporting each other.
actively provide career development/growth opportunities and reality based feedback on potential for advancement
As above: invest like a leader that we want to be, at least in the priority areas (therapy: onco, vaccines) and functional areas, like digital, customer experience, etc. We need a clear top-down ambition with investments into achieving this, more than just some half-hearted efforts that I sometimes experience.  In addition, we need to find ways to automate our very documentation/paperwork heavy compliance processes, to reduce the low-value workload of high-value colleagues.
Competitive pay for retention. Similar companies in the area offer higher pay, stock options, matching etc for similar roles. HR initiated market adjustment meets the bare minimum low range.  Employees loyal to company with long tenures paid significantly less than external hires for the same role.  Role change promotions pay increase capped even when competing with external colleagues for the same role.
For personnel WFH - provisions to allow for equipment for an ergonomic work set up e.g. an office chair.  Allow flexible working arrangements and continued options to WFH  Introduce the option to purchase annual leave days and opportunities for leave of absence rather than people feeling they have to leave if they want to for example take time out to travel.  More emphasis on furthering education and providing opportunities to people who wish to do so
Luanch some landmark products in cardio metabolic field...
Stay focused on making medicines that help people
Everything is good their is no requirement of improvement,company very good support in this pendimic situation from continue last year.
Innovation !!!    We have to modernize our ways of working
become more proactive and less reactive. Reduce layers of complexity and governance to be more nimble and creative and productive
Great products to launch.
Expand the scope of education assistance for employees to include professional certifications in addition to degree programs. currently the education assistance does not include professional certifications. In my case I was approved to pursue Lean Six Sigma certifications with Merck sponsorship by my manager, the laboratory director and the site quality head, yet the education assistance (Bright Horizons) program denied the application for financial assistance.
Merck is a great company to work.
I think there is no need to change because of company already work with our ethics and principles
Continue on the current path.
Coach management on how to make decisions, and encourage them to do so when the decision has been researched.  Coach management to ensure they have the best people for jobs on their teams, not to have bodies to fill a position.  To let consistent under performers go; to not hire a body just to fill a position
Continue to hire people with a mindset that is open to different POVs and that are hard working.
Even many small local based pharma companies have grown big in India, but MSD is not yet at reached. With our resources we have to grow high than any other pharma companies. We are are far far superior than the others.
We went from a family atmosphere to just being a number.  Still almost impossible to get an internal interview even if you are qualified.  It has become very challenging to just do your job.  That being said, set your employees up for success, get to know them and show your gratitude.  Quit making it so difficult to get an interview, we do not know if it's the application process or just internal politics.  Interviews and feedback are essential to our growth.
There has to be a way to find out why quality, experienced people who have been with the company decide to walk out and leave.  The turnover is sometimes alarming and figuring out a way to retain help has to be a priority.
Company should provide sufficient mask and sanitizer
Continued work from home.
Business process need to make it Simplify ( Conducting Class-1/2 metings).
Better coaching and knowledge sharing from managers down through teams. When ideas for improvement are brought forward and agreed on by all there needs to be faster agreement and approval by people managers to ensure projects get moving and we can improve our processes sooner. There needs to be better communication between different groups/projects to ensure there are no conflicts between the changes being made and no negative impacts that have not been considered. Less pressure to complete projects by unreasonable deadlines or more resources to be hired to allow the pressure to be taken off. There never seems to be any 'normal' period, it is almost always high pressure and tight deadlines. This is often due to rework due to poor communications between different groups, equipment issues, system issues, or lack of people resources. People are encouraged to do unpaid overtime to get work done when it should be the opposite, we should be encouraged to have a good work life balance
We are running too lean which makes it challenging to balance workload.  In addition, leaders need to do a better job of leading by example.  The company provides great resources for health and mental health and work/life balance, but the leaders work around the clock, which sends conflicting messages to staff.
Continue to actively sponsor/support flexibility, even after the COVID crisis passes.  Last fall I was in a virtual conference and people were asked to rate our company's response - I was so pleased to rate the company as 10/10 after some thought.  The future Ways of Working will need to remember the ability we had to adapt as needed!
Management should be actively looking to streamline the processes on site.. Perhaps, Leverage off other Pharma companies. Industry has change so much in the past 2 years.   I think it would be great if employees believed that the company was moving towards the Operation Wrap Speed program worldwide. I would like to feel or see examples as to how the Merck organisation and our site are not factoring in the changes which are happening worldwide. Can management challenge the system and processes with viable results. Too much detail is been expected which adds considerable time and can cause frustration among one self.  It would also be nice if management did something to recognise the work that has been done over the past year.  I know it was suggest to see what could be done to acknowledge the people who have been WFH since the beginning of the pandemic.   As I believe it could be a great place to work!
Continue to be as corporately transparent as possible.  Also, remember that diversity and inclusion should be thought of for everyone and every department from the EVP to the Associate I.
Hello Team   Well just FYI here at our site we don't have enough computers for all the employees to do their My learning training. We have to take turns on what department is going to use them for that day. Or for employees to get into workday.
More flexibility on HCPs engagement SOP, process simplification, employee health and wellness program
Diversion and inclusion should focus on ALL the cultures
Increase pay. Provide workers with a greater fraction of the value they generate for the company. Think more about employee retention. How is it that someone who stays at a company and receives a promotion only receives a minor percentage raise between their positions but someone can come in as an external hire and negotiate a higher salary? Does that make any sense? Is that how loyalty is rewarded? Does this company never end to find any corners they can step around to save a few thousand on when the value employees generate is 100-fold or 1000-fold?
Exploration of new opportunities and new products in the pipelines strengthen us to make a resourceful organization .
I would like to see greater emphasis and early career training. I think more active development of employees and skillsets would be helpful. Additionally, I would be interested in getting the bigger picture (that is, how do the different divisions at Merck synergize together for a common purpose). It can be difficult to get a view above the group or division level. Finally, I think deemphasizing political and sociopolitical activism and focusing on scientific research and operational excellence would be beneficial.
Better worklife balance in finance not just in "theory", but practically.
I would like to work 50/50 at home and at work in the future.
To help especially families with young children at home & with the added challenge of working from home , I hear of few companies now offering a day off or half day off (COVID related day off) to help with stress relief. People alternate in a team so not all are out at once. All can benefit by a certain recharge of physical being, during this pandemic and its due stress on all of us. Considerations for Merck to implement a similar & temporary program, like these exemplary companies, to reinforce the message of its employees well being.
Embrace change and new ways of working. Be better at stopping things that are outdated or failing. Have less meetings and do more actual work.  Drive focus and prioritization.  Allow more people to speak up at all levels. Increase diversity and train recruit managers who value diversity.
I think that resources, especially more people, is the main step.  Animal Health does not have the resources that Human Health does.  I realize that those divisions are not on equal footing.  However, when Human Health processes and programs are adopted by Animal Health Facilities, it can be very difficult to handle the extra work.
Continue to bring new young people into the work place and embrace new technologies.
Diversify our product portfolio. Too much is placed in Keytruda and Merck is missing out on the cell and gene therapy business. Well diversified weather the COVID storm much better than Merck. Focus can be a great thing, but there is a reason why one diversifies there stock portfolio and the same can be said of a pharmaceutical company such as Merck.
Please don't get caught up in the race narrative and feel the need to give employees training and guidance.  America is not racist at all, Merck is not racist at all, in fact, it is better than it has ever been.  This current race narrative is all political theater and if Merck continues to be compelled to have leadership continually bring it up as a topic of conversation, it is a terrible waste of resources. Please stop this.
listen and respond: we tell people to speak up, but we don't always respond to them (they then stop participating if they feel they are unheard)  back up our values: we tell people that work/life balance matters, for example - and then when we see people overworked we don't truly fix that.  If people are always working nights and weekends, then we haven't 'taken work out of the system' as we claim that we have.
Each employee receives compliance training through MyLearning.  The training is excellent and only successful if application is made. The company can ensure application is being made by implementing training initiatives that require employee engagement and feedback.
from my point of view to disclose within employee about the pipeline drug and future thinking.
Company already does a lot, but because it is huge, it is quite bureaucratic, but changes/unique are not easily done.  Also may be agreement could be changed for vendors for GCTO: we work together, we seek together for the same goals, but we can not have fun celebrating it together, or it's soooo complicated.
The policies and procedures of any organisations are not permanent.it is flexible and have to change time to time And for That currently MSD Group doing really good.
During the pandemic, Merck's expectations of its employees did not slow down.  Although many of us were struggling with anxiety, loss, and juggling childcare/senior care, timelines didn't change, and expectations weren't altered.  It was a blessing to still be able to work in these uncertain times and not have any disruption in pay, but this was double-edged sword, as the balancing act between meeting stressful work demands (existing pre-covid and during covid) and increasing personal demands reached an all new level of difficulty.  The calls from peers that I would normally receive regarding burnout increased exponentially, and I could completely relate.  I am proud of the work that we do here, but if we don't focus more on taking care of the people who do it, we will have difficulty in the future reaching our goals.
realize that digitalization is not a "patching" or "insertion" type of activity - it should be a well-thought out vision from top mgmt that has long-term goals for a cohesive, integrated, and controlled set of systems that each have a roadmap for future enhancements and integrations, as well as appropriate support for incidents and change control that acknowledge the need to control a validated system input to output.
Merck/MSD should work towards helping people working from home. We feel isolated from colleagues and the work/life balance is becoming increasingly harder to manage. You end up doing way more hours than is written in your contract and I goes unnoticed.
I think company is going good way now, Would be good to increase the portfolio in the future.
Allow Wilson lab the opportunity to participate in summer hours.
More flexibility in hours for essential on-site employees during the current times of school/child care/etc not always being opened full time. Full communication on site of covid cases, actions taken, and support that essential employees have for being required to be on site every day. Hazard pay for essential workers.
People are looking to leave Merck/MSD because of the HR no more than 10% rule when it comes to getting a promotion. There are a lot of pharma companies and it is ultra competitive. Merck/MSD needs to make sure they are not losing good people due to this rule or ways of thinking. I think everyone understand this is a business but people need to be paid fairly for the work that they are performing. I think the salary in differences will make a lot of people unhappy and choose to leave to further their financial strength. Merck/MSD is a great place to grow but there need to be incentives in order to get people to stay and foster what they have learned.
More opportunities for career growth/ promotions. For example, our department has 100+ COMS. There are only 4 Sr. COM level positions, and those are line manager positions. If those are filled you cannot advance. All the COMS are in the same pool regardless of initiatives taken or experience level. It would be great for morale to restructure the dept ladder, so experienced COMs can be promoted as Seniors, without competing for 4 Senior positions, especially if they do not want to be line managers. Could there be another level/stepping stone in the career ladder for the dept( For example, Sr. COM level next, and then an option for line Mgr, COM)?  Also more training for line managers on resourcing so employees are assigned projects that are equally distributed
Our company doing very well already.
Stop penny pinching in discovery.  Focus on impowering your best employees (THE most important in discovery) rather than how to improve your avg. to worst performers (all are needed, but only a few will change the future).
Please look into ground level reality
Continue to be open about challenges that lay ahead and how it will impact different workplace teams (sales, marketing, mrl...)
Get involved in the immediate communities that we have brick and mortar buildings located.
Continue to stress the ways of working and looking for ways to gain efficiencies.  Work toward having better communication between various systems to gain efficiencies.  I also think this will help in the long run with workload, which is a problem for many.  With the workload the way it is, people don't have time to think creatively and be proactive.  They are just constantly reacting and trying to put out fires.  We all do such a great job but we could be doing so much more if we had more bandwidth.
Actively work with external stakeholders to address SDOH and improve access to outer products  by removing barriers (financial and process).
encourage greater knowledge sharing across teams/ departments; dispel fear of looking incompetent by asking questions  offer more options to temporarily work in different areas even at different sites globally to encourage broadening perspectives
Bring newer products and compete with the market
We still work to much in silo's (all global support functions are pushing work to the business)
We cannot supply the markets without production.  We are continuing to be allowed to run Outdated equipment that is unreliable, without any noticeable support from our support groups, and continuing to adopt more manual process in place of automated processes that have become so unreliable that they are no longer usable.  Yet still being required to run these manual processed without an increase to resources, e.g. people, that would allow us to run them efficiently and more importantly safely.  When concerns are brought up they are dismissed as "we cannot justify this due to volumes" or "you have ran it that way in the past".  We have like everyone else made strides to accommodate production during the pandemic, running shorthanded or running multiple lines at once with not enough people to do so, but it should not be expected that we run this way at all times.  This is a risk to quality and safety.
Increase remote work availability.  Increased interaction between divisions to increase understanding of Merck's overall work
strategy design according to Indian customer .
Ensure all management, regardless of level, support the initiatives Merck supports.
Merck is a great place to work.  However, since the beginning of 2021, I have seen a shift in the way Merck is conducting their business.  The sales force has had more restrictions in the way they are allowed to interact with customers (RAT tool, programs, 12/HCP/year FFM) and their copromote teams (Eisai and AZ).  Merck should be allowed to attend their programs to learn and engage with providers.  At a minimum, Merck should be allowed to meet and greet at their programs.  The RAT tool needs to go away and let the representatives use common sense with their customers.  Several companies have no restrictions and are getting access.  In addition, there should not be a rule limiting our interactions with customers.  In oncology, with that 12/HCP/year rule (Merck wide), please consider that most oncology teams are made up of 6-7 representatives.  As a result, each rep is limited to 1-2 appointments per year with a provider.  Merck should not be limiting our access more.  Thank you.
Continue doing what they are doing
Continuously improve and increase focus on servant leadership and use of the Tier process to foster a better flow of information.
I think the work life balance, particularly during COVID, has suffered. Especially in manufacturing divisions, the grind never stops and the push for more batches every year wears on the people responsible for it. I'm not sure the exact options, but more company perks or days off or something similar would go a long way.
Good Welfare , Positive atmosphere , Let everyone exprees their opinions
Continue to offer a work life balance schedule that will allow non essential employees the opportunity to have flexible schedules and be able to continue doing work.  This pandemic has proven that sitting in an office 8 hours a day 5 days a week is not necessary to excel in getting work done.   Also encouraging management to have the uncomfortable conversations dealing with injustices that are plaguing individuals in the organization to show support for those individuals on their team.   Ensuring that equal pay and appropriate positions are appropriated across sites.
Try to better balance workloads among the different positions in each process. Continue initiatives to support employees' mental and physical health. Encourage actions to improve work/life balance.
I feel like personal effectiveness training approached in a similar way to Safe by Choice could create a step change in resource effectiveness.   I also feel like people managers at the lower levels would benefit from a real focus on how to be an effective and empowered people manager
As always continue and care the employees well
deliver what they speak off.
Continue to build and develop a diverse portfolio of products
Work/life balance is important at the company-level, but at the project-level the schedules are tight and unmoveable, and this requires alot of extra hours to be put it, and this detracts from the work/life balance.  This can be managed short-term but when it becomes long term the stress is unmanageable.
Merck’s leadership possibly missed an opportunity to educate the public on our positive policies in its response to the OIG report.  I think that myself and many others in field had a very different response to reading the OIG report.  As I read their findings, my immediate response was, that is not the “Merck Way”.  It is and has been impossible for us to do business in that manner for quite a long time.  I was hoping to see our leadership stand on a pedestal to inform others on how we protect ourselves from that type of behavior.  Instead of speaking to our impeccable policies and standards as a company, we made a bunch of wholesale changes to how we do business.  Some may think that when you make wholesale changes in response to a report like that, it could make all of us look guilty.  Nothing could be further from the truth!  I know everyone at Merck knows that, but our actions do matter.  Thank you for the opportunity to share my thoughts!
Merck/MSD should take actions to strongly define "job responsibilities" for every level and put a "fair" method to evaluate against those responsibilities.  Managers should be more accountable on keeping a diverse, inclusive and healthy culture.
Offering access to more different resources.
Offer more in house training for employees to develop more knowledge to grow with the company.
Hold leaders accountable for ensuring accurate and transparent sharing of information across functions.  Hold accountable those leaders that foster an environment where bullying and intimidation of others with differing points of view is the accepted way of working.
Employees should work Hard focus in work
Staying strong behind our delivery and mission by leading by example, working as teams, with dedication and determination.
MSD should work on R & D and bring more innovative products and focus on increasing their Bussiness, rather than focusing on Job cuts and threatening employees about the layoff.   Should have to concentrate more on employees work life balance.
Listen when employees speak up.
work--life balance would be crucial factor to make company be a great place to work and deliver mission
keep down the path they are taking
Competitive salary
Continue to develop life saving products with a diverse and talented workforce, and continue to reward competitively with the marketplace.
develop more new products
Better succession planning across a broader range of pay rates/bands to assure promotions/severance don't lead to critical knowledge gaps/discontinuity in compliance programs, etc.
Need more resources to complete tasks, very lean organization.
1) Update new employee training protocols.
I think the company is doing a great job but needs to continue to keep a pulse on how the external environment can affect their employees and ensuring they feel safe and supported during these times of unrest.
Coherence
Set realistic goals given the pandemic.
Refresh the Senior Leadership Team onsite at MSD Brinny to bring new perspectives and different experiences to site.
With the increase of production in most areas, it would be nice to have enough people to complete our daily tasks. We have requested help many times and are told no or nothing at all. We are a small department that is trying to keep up with the increase of production, but is difficult when there are only 4 of us. We have no support of other departments, and are on call to their demands, which are increasing more each day. We have space issues and this is being ignored. We are getting up there in age and it is difficult to physically work at the pace that is required to preform our daily duties. Oh well!!! Just do your best right? We here this too often.
Consider leaving us be at home, not having to go back so much to the office in the future
Need New Strategy to exist in current situation
New Product Launchings and Job Security
Continue to point on smartworking and technologies to improve connectivity.
Hold management accountable for psychological safety in the workplace.
The next few years will be pivotal to the future of the company. As we continue to pursue multiple assets (M&A), it will be essential that we learn how to start, stop, and pivot resources to new programs in a useful way in order to build a sustainable pipeline that feeds future commercial products and patient cohorts. Resource prioritization has it's challenges in all large scale companies, and to be a more nimble biotech-like company, we need to act like one. We are too slow, react later than is advantageous (re: COVID development was later than all other major manufacturers), and we need to be able to pivot and shift to reap the upside potential, if we are to continue remaining competitive in the market.
business development with strong scientific base
Focus more on the business and less on allowing political views/opinions influence our and others perceptions of the company.
The  managers at the local and regional level should be as sensitive as global /HQ leaders , Mangers should be leaders . I have seen that starts at Executive Director level , below this level Managers are only Managers and leaders. Company should invest in Associate Director level to build leaders - even if it requires training courses .
More recognition and praise especially after a stressful year during COVID. Working at home with a child and being able to deliver and complete the work was very challenging. It was very stressful for some people more than others but I didn't feel or sense the type of recognition that we as employees should have received.
Implementing simplification by true mean to reduce workload.
Ensure that all employees and dependents are vaccinated from Covid 19 disease, with the best possible vaccine, hopefully earlier than the target date of Q4 2021.  This will help in ensuring the well-being of each employee to function well especially for the field force.
Empower more junior people; too many layers, very top-down culture. To move more swiftly, we need cultural shift and streamlining of processes.
1.Understand top 5 Problems /Challenges /Issues of Each HQs or Area and Region and Provide support to solve the problems. Like Supply chain Issue/People Issue 2.Provide clarity on future growth opportunity and Reassure Job Security 3.There is a change in the MSD Culture where Just process has taken over the passion and Ownership. 4.People Centric Initiatives  like safety especially during the pandemic.  5.Provide resources/Marketing Initiatives  to engage HCPs
Make the best animal  health company in Indian subcontinent.
Making sure Merck policies are in line w RM policies.
Value all employees and not "over swing" on specific populations and groups.
Continue to support their People Leads.
increase of manpower
Fair and competitive compensation.  Fair and equal pay for females in the company
Nothing specific
Merck should lead the way ... we lagged when it came to family care (J&J was first in big pharma). We should be ahead of the curve.
Prioritize work / life balance. This has been a rough year and people are burnt out on multiple levels. When people are burnt out, they do not do their best work and folks more on the need- to -do work than on creative and strategic solutions.  Continue to explore new areas of unmet medical need to diversify our pipeline.
Add or lunch new product . Give competitive pricing to fight with generic market
Merck needs to do more to retain talent. Need to promote work life balance for employee well being
Keep hiring and listening to innovative people. Make sure to keep salaries competitive.
Continue to look for ways to streamline to the process steps (i.e. number of systems and number of steps) involved in doing one's job.
Ensure adequate compensation to everyone in the company and showing the people that we are competitive in Merck and MSD and we care for our people.
Adopt the Agile mindset across the company. Not just doing Agile, but truly being Agile - in mindset and behavior - across departments and leaderships.
Let’s stop sticking our nose in politics, social injustice and defunding the police and start focusing on how we connect to our customers and SELL to meet the objectives and stakeholder goals. How about treat us to lunch once in a while since we are no longer able to eat with our customers and many of us are on single salaries due to spouses being laid off. Stop letting managers and CTLS question and belittle reps for not getting the vaccine! We will make educated decisions on our own. Diversity and Inclusion needs to feature diverse thoughts and backgrounds and perspectives and be inclusive . Right now there are many D/I points who are scared to share their true perspectives for fear of retaliation, limiting of career progression and financial consequence. GO back to having us align to Merck vision statement and not one  myopic view on the world. Let’s stop having so many conference calls that you cant get work done!  SO frustrating to work here.
I would love better communication regarding product back orders for one- not to panic customers with it but just the knowledge so we know how to respond when asked.  I feel blindsided much of the time by clinics being the first to inform us. Would have liked a less complicated and smoother roll out of puppy kits- like having a sample kit to show clinics and a less confusing calculation on how they are earned.
I wouldn't quite know where to start but here's a few ideas:  -Managers need a direct hand in the labs--some are clueless yet think they can resolve problems that they aren't familiar with  -Trainers/Lead techs need to be controlled--training in many departments is not overseen by management and is almost free reign.  -Actually resolve issues-- I have had issues with my trainer from 2 months after i started in my position. This trainer cared more about starting drama and gossiping than helping me do my job correctly. A year later, the gaps in my training are showing and even though I have begged for help I am still struggling and stressed. The most that came out of it was me being begged to hold on and meetings with management that have resulted in no changes to lab/training processes.
Allow new hires to NOT relocate close to a Merck site (even when things may go back to more normal).  Other companies have been doing so, some for a long time, which puts us at a disadvantage when recruiting.  Fight +++ current tendency to multiply meetings and schedule them outside of regular business hours (challenging for parents).     Reassess salaries against truly meaningful benchmarks (e.g., large pharma companies).  Our salary ranges are not attractive and result in losing lots of valuable candidates when recruiting.  This is huge waste of opportunities and also of our time.  Not to mention the disappointment.    Walk the talk about being open to innovation and new ideas.  Merck is still way too conservative, especially with respect to innovative methods or study designs.  There is still only one model for clinical development and it does not leave enough room for innovative options more inclusive of real-world data and approaches.  Again Merck tends to be behind on this.
Continue to simplify business processes (focus on what is core) for increased speed of new product launch for patients Harmonize IT systems across research and manufacturing for enhanced knowledge management Continue to streamline Governances to become more end to end focused, and encourage leaders to champion from 'Silos to Network' as a mindset
Value experience over possibly grooming college grads.  Value employees over profits.  Realize people are more than WIN numbers and cogs in a machine.  Minimize the pay bands width while increasing the salaries in the band.  There is no reason why a Specialist with 10 years of experience at Merck should be making the same as an entry level employee straight out of college with no industry or Merck experience.  The pay is not competitive and there is no incentive for moving up in roles and responsibilities.  Everyone knows that in order to be fairly compensated one must leave the company and return to get a decent raise.  An employee who feels valued and appreciated will always go above and beyond the call of duty.
I feel this is a great company to work with
Due to COVID the real business impacted a lot, we really need support from MSD right now.  Very specially Class 3 town had a big hit on Vaccine Business. We will give a come back once situation comes under control. This time expecting our Company to support us with Job security. Also, Newer Vaccines has to be launched to maintain & Increase Productivity.
I feel proud part of msd.and msd working culture is very good. Msd think employees safety is first. I want to see my career as a msdian so long.
Simplify CRA processes. Some of the processes are very tedious and take time away from site management and monitoring ie CLMS. Also, more transparency around salary ranges.
Take more risks. "It's now how we've done it before" should be done away with as should the perceived preference to be a fast follower as opposed to on the cutting edge of biology. Reduce the layers of management and pseudo-management to streamline discussions as well as the decision and approval process.  If science is truly the priority, than those who design, execute, and interpret the experiments need to be rewarded for their efforts and the company culture should shift to prioritize these efforts as opposed to making ppt's and attending meetings where others give ppt's.
Management (Discovery Biologics) is promoting a toxic environment that is impacting employees mental health, productivity, accurate and good science, innovation, and even physical health. Management must be changed to promote a healthier workplace culture.
Merck should evaluate the policies they are instituting and the effect it has on our ability to get our jobs done.  We are not competitive with other companies and we have more strict policies which puts our company at a disadvantage.  The culture has improved but the culture is taking a big hit right now with a ton of people leaving and the new restrictions from policy 3.
Just continue to develop great products that enhance all peoples lives for the better.
Ensure employee satisfaction and compensate loyal/ consistent high-performing employees fairly, especially those who may not want to move around/ leave their current positions/ functional areas.
Working from home creates a new dynamic and often find it difficult to manage a work-life balance.  As a new employee and overachiever, I am trying to create a work-life balance tool kit.  Shutting down at a certain time each time, stepping away from the PC to go for those 10 min walks/breathers. This may be a personal balance that I need to create but knowing that Merck supports flexible schedules, is helpful.  Otherwise, great place to work, great employees to collaborate with.
Thank you!
Our roles have become more complex. We have had to become more creative to get customers attention. Work under greater barriers and yet continue to remain complaint and within company policy.  Cost Living have increased exponential along with job roles and responsibilities without little to no increase in pay.  Cost of living in larger cities have grown even faster.  The company should review the cost of living expense in each geographic area and recognize that not all employees are paid equally.
Set a goal and to be delivered by me and frontline employees,  occupy the market by introducing new strategies in this pandemic situation, adopt the slogan “EVERYONE WINS”.
Efforts towards external activities (e.g. intramural sports, social groups) could help promote social interactions among people outside of work (during non-pandemic times).
Provide more work/life balance training.  Also, skill to manage the work load during the pandemic.
Merck is a great place to work. However, the spinoff of Organon and lack of choice for people who are released to Organon has had negative impact to the Merck image in the eyes of the employees.  Not sure how one can compensate for that.  In addition several talented people were lost to Organon.
The future of this company is closing in the next year. It is nothing that is necessary for this site.
well since this company is closing you have to tryto do the next best thing to be more successful in life
Continue to listen and be open to employee perspectives
Focus on expanding its product based
Stop buying in to the D&I craziness.  Every day i treat my colleagues as I would want to be treated.  This focus has strained working relationships and made people skeptical of how the got the position they are in.  We are more focused on a diversity statistic than we are with who is more qualified for the job.  As a woman, I would be mortified if I knew that the only reason I was hired was because of my gender.  And I think other "minorities" also feel the same.
Transparency between manager and employee
Continue to stand by the mission and continue to deliver the message in creative ways to new employees and the public.   It's a strong mission/message and I did not have as broad an understanding until going thru the new employee training.  I cannot comment yet on procedures/processes as I am still learning them but will gladly provide feedback.  I truly appreciate the high level of respect that my office has for each other and the way people are treated.  There is always someone reaching out to help you!    You don't find this in many offices and it's extremely noticeable here.  The effort and enthusiasm put into new employees has been outstanding!!  Thank you!
Adding head count to areas under staffed.
reduce workload thru cutting out duplicate work by  prioritizing more effectively
Merck has been exemplary in providing benefits and guidance in managing the pandemic. In looking to the future, it is my hope that we can further make a difference thru breakthroughs in therapies and alliances to provide these. Also, making adjustments at the micro level ...not being rigid.
Act according to Market. SOP’S and working with stringent guidelines and discipline is required but it shouldn’t be like this that you can’t even able work in the market. Flexibility as per market needs should be there and that only will help to survive in the market. Theory which we read in the books seems good but actually when go to real ground situation you have to modify the theory to get the desired results. Organisation is becoming so very theoretical and very very impractical. The expectations are to much from field staff without providing the required support and resources.
Promote more balance between workload and personal life.
Equality among all people
Appropriately staff the workload that is required cross functionally.  This is a continuous issue especially with the move of small molecule to RY which provided no flexibility to retain experienced staff.
More Team building / bonding activities for Individual teams , which could be done remotely in maybe hour long slots . eg Quizs, comedians, hit mix bingo, caricature wkshop etc (I am regularly contacted on LinkedIn by such vendors)
Become more open changes and incorporate the change our environment requests faster
Really need to put in some new molecules
One area that I've noticed where Merck falls short is supporting and funding external continuing education for current role.  There are many professional societies that put on conferences, workshops, etc., and in my group only one or two people are allowed to go to these conferences each year.  At other companies, and even in academia, I did not experience these types of restrictions when CE was tied to professional certifications.  Same goes for fees for professional organizations.  I pay for these out of my own pocket, when Merck benefits from me having professional certifications and licensure, particularly when interacting with regulators.
Simplify.
It has been a tremendous assistance having work flexibility and child care support. I would hope to see Merck continue to provide backup care assistance similar to 2020.
Customer Focus
Have to change our mindset for decision making.  Allow middle managers to take prudent risks that will help and support the company mission.  Do not punish risk taking.  If we don't take risks, there will be no benefits.  Merck will be left behind without prudent risks  - with prudent risks come greater rewards.
Hire enough employees to manage the workload that's expected. When someone leaves Merck or a department, please backfill their position instead of NOT backfilling and then having the other person take on the work of 2.
1. Start asking ourselves, "How might we improve our employees' experiences?" (eg, Onboarding, Becoming a People Manager, Becoming an Organizational Leader, with technology (eg, system access, usability, automation, etc.).  2. Integrate divisional/departmental teams that are tackling similar issues and form cross-functional integrated teams
The company has many transformation initiatives, however knowledgeable employee resources are not available to support.  Instead the company relies on temporary employees that cost the company more money in the long run as they don't know our business and our processes.  The Merck employees working with the contractors have to spend a lot of time upskilling, reviewing and providing much input into their work.  The temporary resources are not able to work independently.  Much more could be achieved by investing into additional Merck resources to do the work.
Encourage innovation, reward risk-taking
I feel most concerned about my immediate team culture. Our manager needs more coaching on how to bring people together as a cohesive team.
Invest in IT infrastructure to fulfil with Data Integrity requirements.
Be more open to looking at positions that are field based for employees that want to continue to grow in the company but are unable to relocate. Really embrace new ways of working
continue to be inclusive
Be more agile to make decisions. Understand that this is a long term business, we should not make decisions based no the short term.
Regularly revisit compensation and career progression. Employees are not compensated at market rates. There is very little room for promotion. Unlike MRL, employees don't have in-role promotions and when talent from outside is brought, it does not help the morale. We have difficulty attracting and retaining talent.
Establish clear goals expressed in clear, plain English. More benchmarking to ensure competitiveness. The mission must always be moral and have a sense of purpose. Best-in-class information infrastructure - avoid repeat of 2017. Established back-up plans and business continuity plans - brainstorm worst-case disasters.
Improve work life balance for employees
Need to embrace Rob’s one Merck vision and stop rewarding behaviours that work the other way around, ie self first. Divisional structure and cultures are prehistoric
increase headcount in departments (warehouse) that truly need the help.  lack of head count increases the chances of short cuts and safety concerns.  to many times does peter rob paul to get the job done.
Need more work force, Not enough people to get jobs done correctly.
competitive wage for those already internal to the company..
Fully utilize the latest technology to improve overall productivity.
Provide Covid19 vaccine to employees, when available.
Assess current decision makers at VP/ED levels to ensure they lead consistently with the culture Merck is trying to promote. For example, innovation is a top value that the company strives to promote, but there are leaders who do not promote this environment and do not create a safe space to bring new ideas. Many leaders are stuck in traditional, conservative ways we have always been executing work. Without the right leadership, individual contributors will become discouraged when their innovative ideas are met with resistance and without acknowledgement for at least trying to push the boundaries.
Promote people based on their performance, it takes too long to get promoted.
The work towards diversity and inclusion is great.  Sometime we selfishly sub-optimize our work or our team's work in such a way that doesn't align with the company's and division's priorities
1.  Continue to provide employee programs/resources regarding health and well-being 2.  Continue to provide excellent health/retirement benefits for families. 3.  Continue to create opportunities for growth and listen to employees (like taking action on surveys like this)
Hire and do business with more diverse people especially from the marginalized and minority groups/countries
Ensure that programs are appropriately resourced Ensure that work-life balance is respected.  Employees will extend themselves too much if given the leeway, management has to have a rational view on how long activities requested of employees take.
I don't like to see the company take positions that can be viewed as partisan.  As a company, we should stay very far away from the political stage, except for the PAC.
Continue to further the work of the EBRG to support Merck's diverse employee population, continue to offer and encourage employees to explore other functional areas, build new skills and pursue their interests (via gigs, skills training & other programs that may provide certifications).
Continue the remote work model as productivity and flexibility is higher with this approach.
There is a disconnect between the amount of work that needs to happen to reach our goals and the number of resources. With regulations becoming stricter (and things such as increased focus on Data Integrity), I feel all departments across the site are consistently understaffed as we are relearning what is truly required to meet regulatory/internal expectations. We aren't staffing based on the work we want to accomplish (to make change), we are staffing based on the work we can't let fall through the cracks.
Diversity in every level of our global company!
Continue hiring individuals who are KIND and knowledgable - one bad apple can break down a whole system (say a CRA who isn't willing to work well with others or is snappy, or a CRM who barks orders without expressing gratitude or offering help for his team) -- I think I speak for all that we appreciate the summer hours as well as the holiday time off. It makes hard work worth it. I've worked more hours at this company than any other company in my life, but I wouldn't trade it for the world.
Recognize those individuals that come onto site under pressures of a pandemic. Many site personnel are working an increased hours with fewer support systems in place. If organizations are going to provide long term work from home options we should seek to understand the different experiences between on-site and remote workers. Flexibility, work-life balance, and reduced travel have value and should be accounted for.
Appreciate and protect (provide secure work space; personal safety/security from harassment & health risks) to those employees who always give their all to Merck to do what's "best for the business", to make it successful.  Also, "do the right thing" in providing earned compensation/rewards to employees, instead of withholding due to previous incorrect policies (since been updated/corrected).
Continue being transparent; eliminate the RAT tool
Transparency in departmental leadership is sorely lacking.  While our C-level executives are exemplary its in the weeds that there are problems not being addressed.   Question 6, 7 and 8 are not applicable to my administrative manager who has all these good qualities that are being asked about, they reflect my project work leadership.
Allow professional growth without discriminating against employees with disabilities.  Implement training to managers so they become allies to a diverse workforce.  Implement Tech Mentors, so that the individuals who struggle with minor technology questions/issues don't have to spend HOURS with the helpdesk, but instead can reach out to a colleague who is a "tech buddy or mentor" within the department.  Also, I would advise to encourage and promote cross-pollination within different oncology indications, so study managers and clinical scientists can become experts across different types of cancers. This also adds to the development path for career growth.
always have product available
A lot of extra effort is being put into tracking of tasks as opposed to the execution of tasks. The importance of tracking is acknowledged, but workload will have to be adjusted accordingly if these new systems and processes require more time to complete busy work. A lot of new systems and processes being implemented in a short period of time is overwhelming at times.
No comment at this time
It is harder to balance work and personal life in home office.  Responses are requested at speed so not easy to remove barriers that slow down our work when burocracy is still so high.  Hire more people in overworked departments, stronger energy to make proceses work at  the speed this era is needing.
Reduce amount of stress with more days off - employees are dealing with new types of challenges since this pandemic. Employees should not have to participate on committees and projects that are not related to their core job function/role. These committees are a distraction and interfere with time necessary for primary work. Also, close the wage gap for minorities in the workplace and ensure pay keeps up with inflation.
-Ensure project teas are adequately resourced in alignment with the complexity of the project, tasks and KPI expected (currently need to work 55-60 hours a week on a regular basis to meet minimum KPI requirements and management expectation) -Work with PDT Leads to ensure expectations are realistic in terms of project milestones and for external customers -Be fair when attributing promotions (stop hiring external people with less experience at higher band level than long-term performing employees)
I think it would be very helpful to keep the option to work remotely, even after COVID has resolved.
Better balance needs of company with needs of employees
1. The company has too many silos, too many departments - which leads to complexity.  Departments create work and hurdles.  Span of control is too limited. Merck should be taking steps to eliminate departments, & cut functions.   For example - Patient Engagement - combine with another function and merge work.  Social Business Innovation Functions people are not needed in each region, policy should focus headcount on gov't facing positions - not administrative tasks. 2.  The corporate communications group (of global communications) would benefit from strong, experienced, motivating leadership.  While Jan Nissen is a lovely person, she has NO experience in Communications - & cannot lead, train or guide a Fortune 500 corporate communications team. 3. Better focus top projects.  Gerberding not aligned with the business.  Her teams are working on projects that have little value to the company - but may be personally important to her.  "
Merck is already a great place to work! I hope that the few ideas I provide can help make it an even better place to work. Recently, we have had several new system roll-outs. While these innovative new systems will ultimately make our jobs easier and more efficient, the roll-out itself impacts daily working, as kinks in the systems are worked out. To be sensitive to this, perhaps in the future, we could test the systems with a pilot program involving a few products in real-world, address any issues/glitches, and then the roll-out to the entire group would be smoother. Also, we may consider rolling out one system that impacts the same group at a time. Coming up to speed on new systems takes time and energy, particularly when we are working remotely --- spreading out the roll-out of new systems can help decrease staff fatigue. These are only suggestions --- as I mentioned, Merck is a great place to work!
It is scary to people working in Operations at West Point to hear about new facilities being built at Merck sites other than West Point.  It makes you wonder if it's only a matter of time until West Point in shut down.
We should consider re-evaluating our salary range for field sales personal.  Several colleagues have left our organization for career advancement and salary increases.  We’re losing tenured colleagues as they have no opportunity to advance their salaries.
Continue inventing for life / improving & saving lives
Streamlined strategies and approaches More opportunities to learn from other functional areas and TAs so we're not reinventing the wheel each time More agile and bolder thinking
Through research, it appears as though high performers are being compensated much less than the market rate. In addition to looking at job responsibilities, ensure to review skills and experience brought by employee to the role. It is unfulfilling to balance work/life with work not slowing down and still be expected have to manage personal life, and ensure our mental healthy & safety are ok.
Introduction of new products in the Indian market by MSD
Greater openness, there are many ways to reach a result, revalue young talent
New brands for CVM team
Personally I am very happy in my role and feel extremely supported by my manager and team. Overall I think MSD's priorities and ways of working are a recipe for success and certainly encourage retention in the company
Pandemic has posed huge pressure on people with dependents. For lab based employees who have to come on-site, there is negligible flexibility that adds to the stress level / affects self care or overall well being. I am unsure what / if there is a solution to this global issue but wanted to bring up that people (especially single parents, parents of young children, care providers for elderly etc.) are not okay and are struggling with work-life balance.
Should be focus on more digitally connected
be more agile in processing agreements, promo materials, changes
I think , transparency has to be increased at Managerial level
Provide a 'mental health day' to allow employees to use at any time
Steps should be taken is to provide job security , launch new products , don’t put pressures on employees to reach the target if it is not happening , kindly understand the situation of the market and the completion , increase the activities to the hcps , and finally keep the employee happy .  This way company can deliver .
Recognition and reward for those who have been onsite throughout the pandemic to support the company's objectives. These workers and their families have been more at risk of infection than those working from home. They have also had to deal with the difficulties of childcare facilities being closed and finding suitable aternatives in order to come to work.  As the pandemic passes it is looking far more likely than working from home will become then norm for a lot of people. I believe some sort of travel allowance for those commuting would ensure the jobs than cant be done from home remain an attractive prospect.
Many Great people left MSD and there is no vision shared regarding off patent scenario of Januvia and what are our plans regarding survival and growth .  so  Every one familiar with Companies Vision and Mission .
To continue to make sure everyone feels welcomed
Continue as we doing and launch new molecules
Make employees feel more appreciated for our hard work and dedication.
Listen to employees a bit more.
Hope to establish a more professional working environment.
Bring more products in China
Stay on course
New products to introduce that increase business and maintain sustainability
Ethics integrity and discipline the way we at MSD are maintaining it should be maintained in the future as well to make it a great place  and deliver on our mission.
Short trainings, Focus on Personal development ,
Should come with new vaccines
Focus on quality of people and let everyone understand that diversity doesn't mean only sex orientation. Diversity is about different faith, color, sex orientation, and ideas.
We have audits on quality and safety of products. Can we start auditing workplaces on their culture and how they promote diversity and inclusion for its people?
More manager and employee interaction. Feeling not valued. Always reactive and not proactive on work. You are a great company but, need more that I can wait to go to work emphasis. Thank you
Due respect to our all colleagues and seniors,I agree that Our global policies are correct maximum time . Just to change few things related with field employees. 1) Please restructure our daily field allowance.I am expecting the revised one will be comparable with today’s market norms. 2)please look into the Class 1 virtual event rules and process for field colleagues,please set the rules as based on real market scenarios.
Seems to me that the incentives and total compensation between our upper management and those in field sales and/or middle management are so inequitable. Please consider I providing total compensation for field sales representatives.
Collect candid feedbacks from the team and do the  course corrections rapidly
facilitate the many systems connectivity, for further efficiencies and reduce of redundancies in the daily work.
Merck and MSD should take aggressive posture on projects that have high probability and high impact and eliminate non-value added activities. Stay current with the latest regulatory expectations rather than relying on past knowledge
More inclusion within departments. Every person should be traIned to do every job
Make it easier for people to be able to progress within the company, including movement within departments.
Stop with the woke leftist agenda.  The inclusion and diversity is morphing into critical race theory indoctrination.  If there are specific cases of discrimination and racist behavior in the company, address it immediately, and share the lessons learned with everyone.  But don't push leftist ideology such as systemic racism, unconscious bias and micro-inequities nonsense.  Advocate to treat everyone with respect, and remind people of MLK's words about not judging a person by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character.  Stop with the equity arguments and talk about equal opportunity.  The best hierarchies are based on competence, not skin color, ethnicity, sexual orientation, and other tribal characteristics.  We need to get work done, this is not a leftist, utopian, social laboratory.  Diversity of thought is what matters.  Diversity in the eyes of the leftist is a rainbow of people all saying the same liberal, leftist propaganda.  Merck needs to be apolitical!!
I believe Merck and MSD already perform a good job and we are growing every year.
Never forget the original intention
re-evaluate how vacation is given out to new employees. As it stands, someone starting in January needs to go an entire year without calling out sick, which motivates coming in to work with an illness.
Relevant and up to date R&D. Keep the company spirit and taking care of the employees well being.
invest in R&D increase job security
managers to listen to people on the floor
To do some adjustments to the way we are working, following the COVID 19, like hybrid work. Working few days from home and few days at the office. Continue to keep work-life balance.
We have many digital platform and some times over complicated system. use of Ariba for contract workspace good skills and handholding such tools is seriously required how to implement the simple task of contract management. many a steps can be omitted for simple contract renewal and made the process meeting the compliance and user friendly.
Be diverse. Conduct surveys regarding its managers and leaders. Provide ongoing tools and trainings in management skills to managers with an emphasize on the well being of their employees and follow up on their progress.  Pay attention to emotional intelligence, interpersonal relations skills and reaction/working under stress skills during the screening and recruiting process of employees and in specific to managers roles. Anyone can bring results. However, the wellbeing of the team should be the number one priority and at the end of the day this is the most important factor to lead to best company performance.   Learn how to preserve your employees.
Take care of the employees working in the factories instead of all the focus on employees working remotely.
the company needs to make efforts in developing staff and career development and promotion
Introduce new research vaccines in Indian also increase number of sales head counts so that reach will be more then PCPM will increase further.increase daily allowance as per inflation rate
By lifting the upper limits of remuneration fir efforts made especially for ling serving members of staff
Look into efficiencies in buisness processes and remove churn caused by internal self interest and politics.  Look into creating more opportunities for global positions to be based out of US.
Future of employees
To just focus on the essential things that needs to be done and not repetitive tasks that only gives us load of work instead of focusing on the customers
I think Merck and MSD meets all highest standards, providing their employees with fantastic opportunities to growth and work with them. Delighted to be here and work for you!
Gluten free meal options in the canteen for gluten intolerant people or people who are Coeliac.
Continue with our current working environment and i like that we are now more connected even on the otherside of the region.
To have clear strategy and set the highest priorities at the organization level for the next financial year and ensure each individual well aware of and align on the priorities. To agree and align with the leads to understand the resources required to fulfil the priorities and able to manage the overall workload. To avoid change of priorities at the top level and focus on the commitments to drive the quality and accuracy. To support and encourage the employee well being, sharing opportunities for personal development and be able to focus on upgrading skills to better perform the roles and responsibilities.
more jobshare / partime positions for  very busy working parents who can have the best of both worlds working hard for the time they are in and being able to have the flexibility to take care of their family when off
keep it up.. just realizing that every interaction with an employee is an opportunity to build, break, or rebuild trust. It’s like a muscle—to strengthen it you have to constantly work on it.
Company should think about more on launching new products
Remembering that West Point is a 24/7 operation and having support available on off-shifts and weekends. Hold people accountable at all levels. Have difficult conversations with people who aren't doing their jobs. Improve communication. Improve training. Improve hiring and staffing and scheduling and preparing for the future to avoid forced overtime. Short term sacrifices for long term gains. Remembering the principles of inclusion. Incentivize people to stay in their position for longer so there is less turnover. A manager should not be an entry-level job offered to an over-qualified individual who is going to use the position as a stepping stone.
many thanks
MSD slowly losing the culture it used to have in past. MSD has always been a role model for other companies. But off late its fading. Most of the us are extra stressed during pandemic. Sales pressure is too much at this pandemic time. People are losing lives but we have a deep concern if we will survive. MSD must have a doctors call center for their employees who can help us to get hospitalized during covid emergency like other companies have started for employees. Doctors are stressed at this time but we are pushing them for veeva engage call which is affecting our relationship with them. We must become more sensible at this time. We can definitely push for sales volume once covid settles down.
Re look at work life integration where boundaries are made
Understanding the progress and great scientific achievements can only be made if the overall infrastructure is in place and upkept long-term. By infrastructure meaning 1) analytical, chemical and general lab equipment, 2) proper functioning IT at work and at home (for WFH) 3) proper knowledge capture about workflows, safety and equipment use.  Scientist waste a lot of time on a day to day basis because little focus is given to these areas compared to the scientific achievement that can be immediately celebrated internally during end of the year evaluations or on social media. With a proper infrastructure, scientist would be better able to adapt to the ever increasing speed of programs.
Forget about following the politics and social trends of the current day. Remember what we are here for. It doesn't matter who's running the country, or what color a persons skin is. It doesn't matter if what their personal life choices are, or even what ideals they stand for. We make medicine for everyone. Lets spend our time making medicine and developing new medicines, not worrying about following along with the latest 'fad' of the outside world.
Trust that the people here are good and don't need to be told what or how to think.
make employees feel appreciated and treated the same as their industry peers
hire more personnel to reduce workload. Create a good planning tool for our department (+ stakeholders)
We need to change our culture and infrastructure to support the rapid growth we are seeing in oncology
Network/VPN speed could improve.
Continue to be sensitive around closed opportunities and projects as people move teams and plants.
Act swiftly and genuinely when it comes to social issues and racial injustice Simplify - there are too many "initiatives" that compete against other, similar ones - innovation, digitization/digital strategy, culture, DI&E, etc.
Integration of IT solutions that are currently in place/ or planned for the future. We have many different IT tools/platform that are not integrated so we lost a lot of time to go from one to another to manage different things.
Better understand work requirements and associated capacity.  When there is a gap (i.e. more work than can be completed by the people resources in a fair day's work) either increase people resources needed to support the work, or make strategic decisions to stop/deprioritize work to align with available capacity.
Register new medication in the market to support and secure sales, due to market dynamics
bring daily expectations and work load to a more realistic level, especially when applying changes towards remote work
I love Merck and MSD and value the working culture here. I am proud of working here. I think if Merck can promote diversity and encourage employee to speak up freely without any fear, that would be wonderful.
look after our technical people as are overworked and not provided with enough support
better benefits (increase company 401k match, lower health insurance costs, increase LIVEIT annual award amount) to complete with other companies. the newer items like lyra health, tuition increase program make a difference in terms of satisfaction with benefits. increase diversity and inclusion focus throughout all levels of the company - people need to prioritize it in the way that they do data integrity etc. increasing transparency about merck's D&I data as it relates to career progression and salary.
MSD as a company has done a fantastic job during the COVID period spreading the message to ensure we understand as employees that Mental health is a top priority. It is trickling down the ladder  Care should be taken to ensure employees work life balance are maintained. People are doing more hours than when they were in office. The expectation somehow remains the same and the business as usual feel sadly still exist. Please note it is not business as usual. Anxiety and panic is extra amplified working from home. There can be a lot going on in a persons life, that they don't wish to share. Be prepared for an issue going on, the output may not meet your 100% target. Life is not business as usual. Take a minute, rephrase that criticism, celebrate what can be met.
I think all the efforts the the company is making to simplify our work are great. Reducing the complexity of our job help us focus on what really matters, increases people engagement, increases the quality of our and help us improve our work-life balance
Let's please continue to focus on patients and improving patients' lives.  The workplace is not a place for political commentary.
Focus more on other segments other than Oncology, focus more on Meritocracy, and focus more on people who do more and talk less rather than the opposite.
Local management spends more time running programs than managing their direct reports. I would like to see program leadership move to the R ladder, which would allow managers in the M ladder to have more time to devote to people management and the development of their direct reports. Moreover, I'd like to see the year end differentiation process change. Right now, we preach collaboration throughout the year, but seem to reward individual contribution/impact at year end differentiation. This reward structure is not conducive to collaboration, and is having a negative impact on teamwork and the mental health of lab-based researchers. Team-based rewards might be better. Finally, there has been a large emphasis placed on external image and publication, particularly for promotions. While publications are extremely important, I'd like to see more emphasis put on collective team goals to ensure we are pushing chemical matter into the clinic so that we can continue to deliver for patients.
Bringing down too many layers, too many people in the global organization, too many just to inform type of meeting.  These things are contributing to time loss and inefficiencies for the organization.
Continue to focus on the most urgent needs of our patience and use science/innovation to lead the way.
Continue to listen to the voices from the bottom of the grapevine
More managers and teams should actively apply Merck's Ways of Working to their everyday communication styles and established work approach. A culture of silos and withholding information is quite prevalent.
Ensuring everyone is respectful of the difference in timezone around the globe when setting up webex meetings and each region to have a balance and fair share of evenly distributed morning and night meetings.
We need more proactive engagement from global and market leaders on what type of workplace we want to be in the future. The Work Our Way program is being kept so tightly, that we don't have the opportunity to review and engage locally to develop our local programs so that when the announcement comes from global we don't look like we're just 'following global'. We need to embrace open conversation among countries and colleagues and leaders to codevelop our future, not wait for global to come up with pretty basic concepts and then spin that locally.
Process simplification, less hierarchical and clarification of roles and responsibilities between global, regional versus countries personnels to ensure efficiencies and avoid duplications (middle person syndrome)
I would suggest taking a deep dive into the marketing landscape and provide the resources to compete.
Continue to support employees work the work resources.  We need to go faster.  I believe some members of the company are very slow to change.  We need to act like a company that is trying to win a championship.  I feel like sometimes we overestimate how good we are and we rest in our current state.
Focus on mental wellbeing not just physical.
There should be a similar system in terms of treating HCP across all business units. We represent MSD despite promoting different products but HCPS see us as MSD and not by product. Hence, it would be great to have an alignment.
It seems that we are expecting more and more out of our employees with no change in head count. I'm not sure this is wise. Other organizations are looking at more job flexibility and the introduction of a 4 day week (10 hours per day) or 9 day fortnight and this is an option, but i fear there will still be the issue of not enough time.
CHANGE THE GEAR ACCORDING TO COMPETITION AND MARKET NEEDS . DEVELOP THE TEAM AMD GIVE OPPORTUNITY FOR PEOPLE WHO REALLY CONTRIBUTES MORE .
Modify how the year end review meetings are conducted. I have received feedback from multiple years now in which managers in the review meetings are actively targeting me to be placed in the lower bucket. I think the review process needs to be reframed because we should not be targeting people to deem them as low performers when they are not, only to satisfy some HR criteria. These same people who behind closed doors are trying to throw me under the bus are the same folks who to my face will say "great job" so it's completely disingenuous really hurts morale.
MSD try to given an opportunity for foreign employee bring his/her family and stay together with happily on this covid situation. Msd please can arrange the dependent pass for his employee for better be half.
Merck India need an O2 to breath . We have a great team but we are suffering from some uncontrolled situation . desperately we need a new product in our basket . That is the only weapon we needed. That will heal up everything .
Company is already a great place to work. However, it shall continue to provide opportunities to the employees for self development & growth, which will support further growth of the company.
Be agile and quick to respond to feedback from the field force. After all we are the frontliners who do the leg work.
Listen to the opinions and thoughts from different levels of employee.
from my point of view, MSD is considered success and best company i ever work with.  having always providing channel for employee to aspire so that  top management can consider as part of  decision making to improve a great plac to work and delivere on our mission. I think the bottom line from employee is always provided chance to have work life balance  (Time  balance, Involvement Balance,  satisfaction balance) is  key to sustain.  strategy to achieve work life balance:  1. provide flexible working hour 2. strive for normal working hour if possible, reduce over work. 3. access to childcare service if family really needed by employee. 4. work arrangement flexibility  to match with employee condition 5. allow employee to take daily leave. 6. security/safey and welfare
I understand our company is undergoing a challenging time in company history. However, as leaders have been pitching 'people is the most important asset, people is what formed our company'.  Please take good care and prepare for the human resources required for company initiative instead of stretching current human resources. When your current talent with experience, context and groomed who is the best person to take on the job but over stretched / over worked because no one can replace them. At the end of the journey, most of them left because of disappointment and terrific of the over-working such that: Yes, Merck and MSD is a great company to work with but no longer suitable for me. And you left with people who is newer to the job, less context, and then they redo a new thing/ restart a new yet same initiative because they don't know it's been done once/ what's the history and such. And so, they did the same mistake again. Waste of time, waste of people energy, waste of  resources.
Stop the processes that are very time consuming. There is too much bureaucratic processes that makes the work very difficult to achieve and leads to us to gaining nothing.
While the corporation means well on the work life balance front, the actions for meeting deadlines is contradictory
Transparency , Recognition and elevation
We could do more to empower the talent outside of the US, or at least people in the US with global experiences. It still seems that many decisions are made in the US by leaders with limited global experiences. This is an aspect of inclusion that we could consider more consistently.
cultivate modern mindset and change to modern ways of working behaviour
Organization shall focus on implementing the leadership initiative to the ground level with concrete steps especially well being of employee and their family during tough time of pandemic.     One such example is, we have been encourage to spend quality time with family and take care of self during pandemic but other-way around project time lines were kept as is (especially Organon roll out) along with reduced department IT budget which in turn putting more workload on employee to deliver the outcome.
to provide a flexible working hours
Continue to improve employees' wellbeing, more employee-centric initiatives and roll outs
Tailor workplace culture to cater more to younger generation collegues
Promoting D&I and being transparent on the results.
Cut down the silos, become one Merck again
offer more part-time positions or job-sharing positions
Keep all company activities, translated to value chain toward patient benefit, as in George Merck's Quote.
Employee Recognition
More considerate on a relativity of how things get done in the industry.  try to evaluate a reality between risk and practicality. Stop enforcing one side fit all policy without a good understanding of local market context. Zero risk tolerance often time holds us back. Focus more on local development.
Increase promotion opportunities within the same role (e.g. from specialist to sr. specialist).
Create more space for networking between regions and share best practices.
Lean processes and develop (integrated) tools especially for the local markets.
1. To retain Talent (people - because i believe these are very important assets for any organization) within Merck and MSD; 2. To get more opportunity in order to excel talent of our people for each band. 3 To get more resource and guidance stepwise  with dedicated timeline to build our talent in order to jump next level within Merck and MSD; 4. Looking forward more inventing products of our Merck and MSD that will helpful for our society, people and makes difference in their life.  Thank you
Make the COVID vaccination to their employees
Engage CSR Initiatives at the local level
Provide flexible working hours.  Provide more support to work-life balance especially during COVID and work from home employees
skip the level search for feedback - upper (senior) managemnet does not always has the real picture of the situation more than one level below....
Increase headcount i have worked for MSD for a long time and currently the model being employed for people resources vs work may be working for management metrics but it is not working for the health well being of those charged with completing these tasks.
1) Not place cookie cutter metrics on the different country teams  2) before rolling out an SOP or a platform, make sure that all the resources are available and ready to go. One specific example would be the GMA SOP 1003 launch in 2020 only to realize that the SOR (VVMC) does not have the capability to review documents for non promo Med Ed events. This also happened with the 5 day VVPM review SOP
Management should ensure employees are motivated and enabled to perform their jobs utmost efficiency, but should not let a focus on headcount/expense reduction dominate that objective.
Need to provide more external trainings or sessions only then team can know what’s really happening outside the world else we presume whatever we do as part of our job are perfect
Balance working from the office and home. It will be really helpful to have the opportunity to visit the office for example once or twice a week voluntarily. It will change our working environment and be less stressful to be home all the time.  Thank you
Reduce the amount of hierarchy levels and reduce the amount of Ass. Directors and up in support levels doing similar tasks.
Address the uncertainty of returning to work NOW: departments should consider whether they will adapt to the changes we've experienced over the past > 1 year and allow employees to work from home permanently or more frequently than they did in the past. Many departments/employees have demonstrated that they can be just as productive from home as in the office and have come to enjoy and appreciate this arrangement - this should be considered and addressed before offices re-open.
Continue to strengthen the network/relationship between business and supporting competency centers (e.g. IT)
- Would like to have a manager can coaching, problem solving, decision making, resource arrangement, strong management skill. always take longer time/last minute to review (GCM, QN, report, SOP) with a lot of comments. Most of the comments need to find out the history but just for manager information.  - workload not assign evenly to every staff  - training took longer time to approve for new comer. this may cause new comer might forget the critical/important part of a testing.  - space constraint, more headcount but not enough workspace (desk)
Continue to focus on employee's well being and have specific agenda items to assess this issue.  Continue the great work on Diversity & Inclusion.    Continue to offer leadership classes and MPS training to enhance these critical skills
Insecurity of work  de motivates  to work
Keep on actively supporting the people working in the company - this will lead in loyal employees that support the company in return.  People make the company! There needs to be more platforms / surveys to include the management of managers / managers of other support functions - thus the culture and health of the company.  There are currently no such platform to evaluate support of managers in their supporting roles = GM's / BUM's / SM's / PM's / Tech Managers.  These people are playing vital roles and the management need to be aware of any needs / - without the fear of being victimized.
Increase wages of the sales force
To be more flexible and adapt to different cultures and to evoid the global treatment for different countries. To have more transparency and consistency in the LOE strategy for various exceptional products from the portfolio, to build more trust in our products, in our Company and to win more benefits for our patients
Gulf leaders need to implement the global guidance in sharing the standards of MSD global. They tailored there ways here to look ok, but they don’t follow MSD global
To keep being company which support diversity, inclusion, safe to speak up, work-life balance...
Improve employee retention
Provide enough office and desk space for the number of employees who need to work here. Make employees feel valued.
Poor work/life balance for those on shift.
I believe it will be important to continue a strong focus on inclusiveness and collaboration as well as professional advancement opportunities.
Open the gym, Allow staff a place to work on making themselves healthier, having a place on site means less travel time, easier access and more focus on work when we are done. It allows better work/life balance. Offer more meal options to second shift, even if its only for an hour (5-6 or 6-7 or whenever), many on 2nd shift end up ordering food and if healthy warm options were available on site it would be beneficial for all. It seems all the focus is on first shift and while there are more staff on first the other shifts would appreciate some consideration
Competitive welfare
Keep listening from every one. It is essential for making this place thrive.
Empower employees to speak up on cases of bulling, mobbing and other types of harassment. msdethics.com does NOT have an online option to report such cases, which are more common than you think. Therefore the (micro)aggressions, that usually come from managers to their report line, are never solved.
Continue to maintain patient focus as that is what is important to employees
Leave more resource and support to employees
improve safety to speak up and to empower employees. Plus to improve userfriendlyness and compatability of IT-systems
Keep focus on employees work-life balance. Furthermore, I do appreciate my Company's effort to continuously improve procedures and to be leader in innovation, and I am opened for self-improvement, I am ready to learn continuously, nevertheless at his period too much processes are changing at the same time. Process changes should be more prepared, for example initial trainings on new TMF reconciliation procedure was unsuitable to understand the process and perform it in practice. Restart procedure is a really good direction but a lot of issues emerged regarding appropriate filtering of SDV006 reports which were updated after process implementation. Rapid multifront changes would be absolutely OK if we were not overloaded with our daily routine tasks.
Practice what we preach. Cases of injustice with employees by managers which never get resolved show there is a weak link somewhere.
A more strict and robust absent policy, too many call outs that make scheduling a nightmare!!!
Continue to promote, retain and value employees from both externally and internally within the company.
More easily add more ressources when needed
Leadership who is confident in understanding and communicating what the mission is to their respective team members. Increased communication and transparency in the teams goals and objectives, as well as hands-on constructive input toward their teams attainment of the mission. Being an active part of the journey toward mission attainment.
do not pressure European employees to prefer not heterosexuals, not white people,  Why, at least in Europe, could not be a standard to open door to others (at least to ladies), say hello to everybody, ask where is he/she from, ... - just to be polite...
i would love to see the people who have not stopped coming into the office during the pandemic be recognized more.
Merck needs to stay out of politics and focus on medicine
practice what they preach
Evaluate and/or adapt the working model, communicate plans as the covid situation becomes more stable.
Continue to reward people according to their performance
Mission: Understand that providing patient care isn't only about the drug, but also about the service, ease of use, diagnostics etc. We need to start embracing these other disciplines and deliver the entire package to patients. Great place to work: Important to be competitive in terms of salary, titles, Post-COVID benefit policies etc.
Provide actual avenues to help reduce stress caused by work related activities.
Increase diversity in leadership level positions. Diversity in race and culture. Gender has been the area that has seen significant improvement over the past few years at MMD West Point.
Innovate on all fronts. Don't be conservative.
Do not overwork the employees - create a working environment with balance but still with opportunity for growth
A focus more on the people during these troubling times, and hiring enough staffing to allow for a healthy work life balance. Increasing morale and job satisfaction will also help to avoid high turn over rate, and the lack of experienced personnel on teams.
Build stronger Networking between different departments and roles, which could bring a lot of beneficial ideas, learnings, new ways of working (improved, easier, faster) creation.
Focus on carrier development, alignment of the long terms goals (we change them too often)
can be more creative and speed up the degitalization process, move people around in the company so that they can develop and add value back to the company
Let management be transparent.  Currently all information is only available on an as needed basis if it already gets share. I am constantly lacking information that I should recieve.
LISTEN TO YOUR MANAGER WHEN HE TELLS YOU THINGS ARE OFF
People say all of the right things from the top down about work-life balance but don't emulate or set good examples themselves.  Nor do they actually create action plans to fix what is really broken.  Our calendars have become nightmares since we've been working virtually.  We also need to create more ways and an action plan to feel more unity and connected to our fellow colleagues.  Merck has done some great things during COVID to help but we need to take a few additional steps forward because we are all exhausted and mentally drained.
I feel Merck has taken all the steps possible to continue making the company a great place to work.
I have recently moved from the Merck Elkton, VA site to the Merck West Point, PA site. The culture at West Point is vastly different than the culture at Elkton, in a bad way. Unfortunately, I am sometimes just treated as a machine and not a person at West Point. This site does not encourage me to want to come to work every day as much as I felt the community, supporting feel at Elkton. The culture at West Point could use a lot of work, but communication and understanding of people is poor at all levels (at least in my building).
Better laptops. We use mid-tier slow laptops that cost lots of time to do simple tasks.
I would like not to have so many changes in timetable during the same week. It's a problem for your personal organization
Better hands-on trainings for new employees
Evaluate the current workload of employees. There seems to be a number of employees feeling stressed due to the current workload and number of hours required to try and manage it.
Encourage senior managers to promote promotions within the group. Recognize own talent before looking for external personnel when there is a re-org. If talent is not found within the group/department, train the people to obtain what is needed.
Recognize the "B" players and the immense contributions they make to the organization.  Not everyone can be a star and stars alone can't carry the performance without a great supporting cast.  As a 30+ year employee can understand why the plum assignments go to someone younger but difficult to feel as if I no longer have anything to contribute.
Recognize and evaluate people for their own accomplishments rather than their associations
Expand parental-leave policy to a sabbatical-leave system, in order to be equitable and inclusive toward those employees who choose not to have, or cannot have, children.
Keep up the incentives for employees. I have found that loyalty to company is essential to optimize performance.
Ruthless Prioritization across the company.  Understand and ensure key priorities/capital projects are resourced appropriately
Much better alignment global initiatieves with daily practice Ensure simple documentation, not complex ones that are  hard to understand  do not make th QMS look like spagetty, cross reference all over - very diccicult figure out where the information is to be found  Ensure a true reduction of information. Reliance on automated systems usually means more information is added, but the quality of that information is less debated. what we need is a symplification, reduction of information and more focuss on that what is really needed (and what is not),   I see MSD as an organisation trying to do thing correctly, -especially not making mistakes.  I plee for making things SIMPLER because Symplify implies LESS work, fewer mistakes, lower costs as well
While I strongly believe Merck is a great place to work, I feel less and less valued as an employee and find myself not feeling supported by management where my expertise is continuously questioned. My work and time often feel marginalized as management will tell me to take extra precautions to make sure take care of myself but am then asked in the next sentence to take on unrealistic expectations and work during my breaks/time off which adds to an increasingly stressful work environment.
Enable use of allocated admin resources allowing for focus on scientific work. Less reporting systems.
We need to continue to strive to show support for working families with not only our words but with our actions to enable people to feel satisfied and accomplished at work but also that they can disconnect at nights and weekends for their personal lives. We need to be aware of the pace of change and focus on truly what is needed to drive the business forward with efficiencies to support local sites to be successful to provide quality product to our customers at low cost.
use 1 computerized system for   many quality systems. ex: use SAP for all quality systems  Replacing  Midas  system as soon as possible
Allow a smooth transition from WFH. Although working from home, everyone has shown that we are able to work efficiently. Allowing people to decide on how often to come on site based on need would help with mental health. Also, Mental health days should be provided to employees. With working from home, some can be on their laptop all day everyday and allowing days to step away and take a mental break will help the company in the long run. In addition, please consider re-adding GIFs to Microsoft teams. That tool allowed for better commination within the team in a virtual world.
Continue to be color blind. I love that we ARE a multicultural, international company and we seek to advance the most qualified individuals despite skin color or race. Let us not get caught up in quotas and percentages. Let us all be the best we can be with the talents, skills and abilities God has given us.
Continue to permit work from home (WFH) to a reasonable extent
Need to be more clear and outspoken about our pipeline, strategic projects related to the pipeline, and what is next (i.e. Gene Therapy, Oncolytic Viral Vaccines, etc.)  Where is the communication about our innovative R&D? Show us why we aren't just a dinosaur that's been outpaced by mRNA vaccines and a one trick pony with Keytruda)
Engage people at the ground level
Continue to put people first and remain flexible through these unprecedented times. Merck has been awesome at making sure people are able to balance the needs of the company and their personal needs.
The company is doing an excellent job to work and deliver on our mission
HR should stop promoting divisive books on critical race theory.  Management should stop asking me to inflate ratings on average employees to meet a diversity target.  Management should stop telling me I have to hire candidates solely to meet diversity targets.  Diversity is great, but the push I see is not based on talent and performance but on quotas.  I also wish our senior leaders would stay out of politics.  Why is our CEO putting out statements on an election law in Georgia?  Did he read it before commenting?  As a shareholder, it's disheartening to see Merck listed as a company that should be boycotted.    Overall, not a great company if you're a white male... even for high performers...
Perhaps have more people learn to code, or provide in-house resources for people to do so. A company more proficient in coding/automation will be more efficient, and more open to new digital ways of working.
It might be beneficial to the company's best interest in a long run to remove the non-value adding activities or roles in the company!
hire more employees so the current ones aren't over loaded
The pace of organizational change has be very brisk over the last year.   It's also been magnified by the pandemic.   I'm hoping over the course of the next 6 months the pace of change will moderate a bit after the Organon split.   Change is inevitable and constant, I understand that, but with the pandemic happening concurrently, its been a bit overwhelming at times.
Stay focused on producing high quality products for our customers. Stay out of political favoritism. It will only hurt our brand and our ability to serve the people who matter most.
Merck and MSD should continue to focus on saving and improving the lives of others by bringing and developing products and services to market. Continuing to allow employees use their status at the organization to push their own political agendas is distracting and divisive to the organization.
subsidize child care outside of COVID
Training on new systems is definately one place to start. New systems are being brought in and personnel do not have adequate training.  Acknowledgement for colleagues is another. Now there are several ways that this acknowledgement can be shown and the Inspire programme is very much appreciated by personnel. But what I am referring to, is colleagues who leave MSD having worked with the company for many years.Prior to Covid 19 these people were acknowledged publicly on the site email system.There have been colleagues who have left in the past year who have been with the company in excess of 30 years and we weren't even aware of them leaving.I think this is very sad for these individuals who have contributed so much over the years.I know it isnt intentional but it is something that should be addressed.
To ensure to reach employees for the support they need during this delicate transitional time for support.
Not all positions are payed the market value, some people are underpaid. There is this manager that is hiring people from her previous company. It cannot be a coincidence that most potential candidates are old close allies. Some people in other departments got hired recently and were given higher position compared to people who have been here for years. In most cases, those person are paid the more than people who teaches them work. This happened several times. New employees are getting paid way more that old personnel's for doing the same or less work. Some people are required to work overtime without compensation. The process for paying overtime is not clear.  SLT wanted to pin-point people who made some comments on previous survey. This should be anonymous. All issues raised should be addressed across the board, not to individuals. MSD does keep people with skills. No matter how much your upskilling yourself to be market competitive, only favorites are acknowledged.
Communication and recognition.
Need to be PROACTIVE & support team looking at Current Challenges pose by competition.
"Grassroots" efforts are not actually supported despite company support. The culture needs to continue to evolve if we want diverse opinions and ideas.
Continue with the flexible work environment, provide more job opportunities for the current employees. In order for them to expand their roles as for development opportunities.
There are currently a lot of pulls for the users of the new Technologies to get their input, which is good.  However, trying to implement a lot of changes causes a lot of asks on the end users while they are trying to keep production moving.
Continue to focus on retaining talent.
Better work/life balance by better managing workloads of employees.  Also, keeping processes more streamlined/simpler.  Very overwhelming.
- better response and support for employees who are under performing - provide skills to employees who need to coach individuals  - be as transparent as possible regarding new opportunities
There is a lack of Human Resource accessibility and interaction. I am fairly new to Merck and at times I have been hesitant and unsure of where to go with personal questions.
We talk about Diversity and Inclusion a lot. But after almost 10 years at Merck, I'm yet to see a genuine, formal, structured commitment to develop and promote our employees of color. I'm not referring to Ken's level, I'm referring to levels below Ken.
Management has made good strides to better support  their departments; however, not all decisions, processes or better ways of supporting are being conveyed to all workers.  At times, the things that are new get stuck with middle management and are not completely disseminated to all workers.
1. Strong BD deals including Phase 3 or in-market assets will be key for sustainability of the growth profile 2. Embracing silos to network will be critical in this important phase. Bridging the gap between MRL-HH to ensure we bring "reimbursable medicines" to the market 3. Investing in talent, creating new opportunities for career growth and supporting stretch opportunities for new experiences
Give people room in their schedule to innovate. if you fill up someone's schedule, coming up with new ideas leads to more work that there is not time to complete. This seems like a punishment, which is bad if you want to encourage innovation.
I wish Merck had better maternity, family leave, or personal leave policies.
Merck should work effortlessly to retain talent and value employees.
Merck needs to find a way to identify key talent and find a way to keep them with some sort of incentives. Way to often I have seen that Merck has hired a good candidate and that person has left for a better package. Our site is always used as a training ground for local competitors. Additionally, the site has done nothing to reward those that stay with the company. I am somewhat scared (because I don't want to leave) to apply outside of the company because I feel there would be a good chance I could get a better package and it would be challenging to turn down. I believe if there was more of long term incentives given to those that stay 5+ or 10+ with the company Merck would do a better job retaining employees.
I believe that the company is slow to recognize talent in the form of promotions for employees who have been high performers in their current role. In many cases, my colleagues have had to apply and interview for external postings and compete with outside talent in order to get recognition for their work. There are restrictions on promotions which are also limited on cycles. All of this can be demotivating. I have noticed several high performing colleagues separate from Merck in recent years because they were not recognized.
Do not compromise safety/quality to get projects (especially construction/C&Q projects) completed in a shorter period of time or with a lower budget. This is an on-going battle with GES, and a cultural shift needs to take place.  Allow P1s/P2s/P3s and M1s to make impactful decisions for projects/shop floor. They are closest to the product/process, and should be empowered to be involved in the big decisions.
Continue to keep all your employees informed and educated through my learning. I have come to find it extremely useful and knowledgeable. Keep up the good work! Also, continue to keep your employees safe during this pandemic. The steps Merck and MSD have taken to ensure our safety during this trying time has been remarkable. I couldn't ask for a better team or safe work place. Thank you!
Hire more diverse people in M1 and M2 positions, so that people of color, different ages, etc. can see what that looks like and understand that opportunity is everywhere. We see the diversity with operators and analyst, but not so much with those in management positions.
Communications, continuing inclusiveness. Evaluate salaries for senior level positions.
Continue communicating any changes to the work processes via email and training sessions, since it may be more challenging to keep up with latest deployments when working from home.
removing some bureaucratic process
12 mos. is a long time to stay in a position that is not a good fit. Working with a great team and a good manager, only goes so far when working with a director that is causing more stress than alleviating. People skills should be lesson one for directors. Expecting people to perform new tasks without training and complete with in tight timelines, but are also required to deliver service on demand to customers, causes unnecessary stress. Expectations are causing even more experienced team members to feel as if they can no longer handle the job, much less new team members.
I feel that the company overestimated the savings that would be driven by the Organon spin, and that has placed the company into a massive cost constraint mode to try and achieve these savings. This is causing huge stress within the organization and distracting people from their core job. It would be better (in my opinion) to acknowledge the targets were not achievable and reset to realistic ones
Keep politics out of companies policies and practices
I would like to see the company encourage work/life balance more.
1) Give equal opportunity to all employees regardless of skin colour, native languages they speak, and demographic difference. It needs to start with having "functioning policies" and not only through slogan and propaganda. Propaganda will not make an idea working. 2) Promotes work life balance culture.  Again this will not be accomplished via superficial talking.  Resources need to be provided "FROM TOP DOWN" to make this work.
Better anticipation and communication of activities and changes. Better teamwork between management of different teams a, and provide better guidance and instructions. Acknowledgement of the bottom-up leadership and the extra time and effort that goes with, which has been the case in lately.
Continue to find different ways to add diversity especially at the scientific level
Everything is good
Employees need to know that their leaders care and not just lip service.
To solve the issue of workload, clear R&R between cross-functions.
Offer options to permanently work remote, new remote opportunities; simplify and minimize systems across MMD.
Often times, at the global level, personnel that were pulled to fill roles in Organon were not replaced - and global teams were asked to just absorb the work.  This has placed no undue amount of stress on teams in an already stressful time.  I disagree with the idea of "wait and see" if teams need more people to fill roles.  If roles existed and those people were completing full time work then they should have been replaced no question.   I also have found as a young person with an autoimmune disease, that some people do not understand the impact COVID-19 has had on me and my family.  If I do get sick it naturally takes a very long time for me to recover, and some collogues on my team (without knowing I have an autoimmune disease and what this means) have commented on my possible inability to handle my workload.  This type of mindset is the exact reason that as a woman and as a person with an autoimmune disease I tend to work extra hours each week.
Keep driving on new opportunities and continue to resource to ensure success.     Have sr leadership talk ,ore about how the work we do fits with company goals.
Overall, I am really happy at Merck and think its a great place to work.  I would like to get updates directly from Merck for business critical issues in a more timely manner. It can be disorienting and confusing when I learn about important Merck updates from mainstream news before hearing it from my company. Thanks for the opportunity to give this feedback!
listen to the people at the bottom or in the labs and understand that they are busy and have a hard time meeting tight timelines as is. WE do not need more initiatives, and more and more molecules with tighter timelines coming through
Need to focus more externally.  Right now we're extremely internally focused and a lot focus on efficiency.  In addition, not only prioritization of activities, but identify what can we stop.
Wellness is a good focus but making tangible examples is important - in the current hybrid remote/in person (lab/mfg based) environment, the lines continue to blur, but individuals understand the need to work urgently and support a robust pipeline.  Tangible actions need to come from the wellness initiative to support staff on the front line.
Continue to explore opportunities for talent management in the organization.  Especially at the senior specialist role.  We need to ensure we have career paths to provide experiences in our organization.
Merck is a company that i started my career and i hope to retire here. Keep focusing on its mission, and the greater good we bring to the world. profits will follow
Pay us as well as or better than competitors to avoid losing our colleagues with institutional knowledge to other organizations.
Continue to innovate, support new technologies implementation in manufacturing, and leadership needs to recognize people for their work.
Higher management needs to be willing to promote from within. There has a large difference in age between the newer employees and the senior staff. The senior staff are all 5-7 years from retirement and there doesn’t seem to be a plan to prepare for that. We have the people here that are ready for leadership roles but it seems as though they don’t want to promote from within. Be more willing to promote from within and foster the talent you have or they will leave. There are tons of jobs in this field at other places and younger people can and will leave for better opportunities.
Increase transparency around job rotation opportunities for those interested (including availability, timing, suggested prerequisite materials, etc. )  Return to core meeting times.  The pandemic has shifted meetings to late in the day which may interfere with child care options/pickups etc.
Focus on more ways to become more efficient. Invest in digital technologies for efficiencies. Better prioritizing work focus than making everything a priority. Invest in people.
Make sure managers are a people person.
Continue to support families and work/life balance.  Focus on streamlining processes with active input from end users so we can get rid of non-value added work (examples include- quicker access to the SME at help desk).
Merck and MSD provides a large number of resources and tools so that we can be independent, we can carry out our tasks and feel supported. Only the time resource is left out, consequently this does not allow us to take full advantage of what the company offers us to achieve our objectives with total success.
I have worked here for 30 years this year and would say this is a great company and great place to work!!!!!!
Benchmark payroll and benefits with peer companies.  The only thing that makes me consider employment outside of Merck is the compensation package.  It's a great place to work, but I'm currently working at a discount with what else is out there.
1. When I joined the company, one of the benefits presented was that, as an expat, I could work from home (=home country) every now and then. That seemed to be in spirit of diversity and inclusion. After some time, we were told that's not possible at all, later changed to a limited number of days being allowed.  While there is a certain degree of health care risk to do that in this period of time, that limit is concerning for many of my expat colleagues as they are single, without many friends, from a mental health perspective.   2. While the topic itself is not that important, the way a change was applied is a bit concerning. A couple of weeks ago, a feature was disabled in MS Teams. The communication came after that change was implemented, quoting a decision from the Office of Ethics. While I'm 50/50 in terms of "understanding the decision" vs "being diverse and inclusive", at least the communication should be improved when such situations occur.
Allow work hour flexibility, work from home or remote work as part of ways of working. Allow more flexible office arrangements and have readily accessible/ easy to use technology.
Leadership should strongly consider making roles remote/work from home (WFH) or increase the frequency of WFH. While this has been done during the pandemic, I think there is opportunity for employees to maintain better work/life balance when WFH. Additionally, competitors are moving to make roles 100% remote. Talent retention may be an issue if this isn't explored further. Separately - digital technologies being implemented for Deviation Management (QN at a Glance) are not really valuable to me. I have an easy to update spreadsheet that is much more user friendly and faster to use. I have shared with the DM above site team.
MSD should appreciate their personnel and give reward and salary according to workload and responsibility. This should be the same throughout the Site; differences between departments on the same site should be smaller.
more transparency on the why
Help and support employees growth together with the company.
we need to take part in COVID vaccine development in order to help ending the pandemic.
We should ensure that everyone of us is valued and has a opportunity to contribute to our success.  We should value everyone’s contribution and ensure we bring our best self to our role.  We should be open to how we increase our commitment to Diversity & Inclusion so that we don’t simply adopt one curriculum.
Allow employees to permanently work from home to have greater work/life balance. Provide employees with opportunities for in-line promotions.  Provide employees with ability to accept new positions remotely (many roles are in New Jersey and require employees to be located there).
Plan well for implementation of new processes; slow down and do things right up-front before procedures and processes are set.
Continue to support flexibility for all employees!
Proactively recruit employees from diverse backgrounds.  Mandatory training for managers and hold them accountable for creating a culture of diversity among their teams AND creating a culture of work/life balance especially when parents of small children are still at home for virtual learning.  Focus on the well being and morale of the team members.
Support development and retention of high-performing employees through promoting in place.
(1) Have a focused tiered/stepped approach to tackling certain initiative/hoshin driven work. There are many important initiatives to drive efficiencies across the operating units but it feels disconnected at times (not enough visibility through the lower levels). Focusing on top priority initiatives first and then working down a list would enable a more realistic workload. (2) I am encouraged by the streamlined governance structure for pipeline programs but encourage continued focus to simplify decision making to the lowest required level so we can pivot strategies as needed and be as agile as possible.
Need to diversify the pipe line more to be less dependent on Keytruda for profits. Senior leaders should not be so quick to share thier political views with all employees. While diversity is a very much supported in this company, I feel there is not enough emphasis on preventing age discrimination. It should be emphasized that people who choose to, and are able to, work into thier mid- sixties can be just as productive as younger people and should be provided the same opportunities for advancement.
Continue to solicit feedback as corrective actions are put in place to improve on areas identified by these surveys. Often times, survey results are received, actions are put into place but we don't close the loop to come back and see if the actions led to the intended improvements.
We need a much better team to help with questions on ordering.  IT needs improvements learn their job better, in order to help us with our issues.
Merck should continue to innovate and not shy away from novel and interesting forms of therapies such as mRNA technology for vaccines or cell therapies for personalized medicines for cancers etc. As life gets back to normal, I believe we'll have better opportunities to network and grow in our careers in person.
We need more qualified technicians and operational personnel. Our structure seems a bit top heavy.
I feel that there is more acceptance of liberal beliefs than there is of more conservative beliefs. There should be equal acceptance of all beliefs, not group think. I am hesitant of sharing my conservative views because they will not be well received by some people and then I am labeled as the person who doesn't think like they do.
Need to look at non-exempt positions to make sure everyone is at a fair level based on the job they are doing and can do.  Need to look at the AAs different.  There is a lot more we can contribute.
People need more time for their lives. Merck should join other companies and innovate in this way. Merck is a strong enough role model in the pharma world that upping our PTO and challenging the standard for hours worked would make waves. Increase PTO, decrease what is considered full time to 32 hours a week.
it would be great if  over 60's could work from home permanently that we all live out the company visions/values
Continue on the current trajectory.
Integrate more technology into the processes that require more physical manipulation
In Animal Health it is time to move on from the past and look to the future.   We have too many failed leaders from past organizations clinging to power.   More new people and different ideas.
Continue to encourage inclusivity and networking, especially as more people are remote. Provide more resources to managers to help support their successes with building connections with staff and to understand the needs and development opportunities of each individual.
Become more agile. Processes for innovation are heavy.
Onboarding and training needs to improve. Also job responsibilities for different tiltles.
Ensure the right people are doing the right jobs and that team members are all contributing.
Work life balance improvement for employees
New MD is open and transparent, and accept all kinds of feedback especially the negative ones. Listening to the employee is one of the most important steps
Please understand that it is very difficult to balance being home with the kids and being as productive as we were pre-pandemic. Merck was initially very supportive and understanding, but as of last fall when the kids returned to school, expectations changed and were more demanding. The kids are likely home with us for the foreseeable future, yet work has never been so busy, and we now have the responsibility of two products. As a result, I am working at all hours to meet the increasing work demands and this is very taxing. Additionally, with Januvia going off patent and Gardasil revenue being no where near that of the JJJ franchise, job security/uncertainty feels very real. I can't see our headcount being what it is by the end of the year, not to mention the decline in revenue supporting things remaining the same.
work and life balance
1. Look for ways (eg, compensation, training, etc.) to encourage: 1) collaboration over competition*, 2) creativity & innovation over complacency, 3) customer over internal priorities, and 4) true individual ability over internal politics in HR decisions. * Develop a culture that appreciates the similarities and takes advantage of the differences.
mentor and promote talent from within; stop allowing known poor managers to stay in managerial positions and give younger talent the opportunity to grow, develop, and motivate teams!
Remove the barriers we have to facilitating successful educational programs for our customers.
We must move much FASTER to get new products to market.  We are being left behind by our competitors because of our slow, bureaucratic ways of working in MRL, and our inability to change when there is an urgent medical need.  It is borderline unethical that we have not rapidly increased our clinical trial speed to bring molnupiravir to market given the impact this product can have on the pandemic.  MRL senior management seems unwilling to think and act differently.  Likewise, our competitors will win in other therapeutic areas if we cannot quickly adapt and change the speed paradigm for clinical development.
Transparency in all communication
Provide training for administrative staff
We are on the path doing great things worldwide.
Even with the turmoil in the industry, colleagues are leaving the company for higher salaries in the same positions with other companies.  If Merck intends to keep the talent we have there is a need for salary adjustments in some divisions.
Resourcing seems to be a sticking point when it comes to project support while also supporting departmental initiatives - the number of late-stage fast-moving programs seems to be outpacing the amount of employees able to support. Removing Silos should be a continued effort, with more homogeneity across related departments.
Self-training is not always a good option. Merck and MSD should invest more in true and structured training to really give employees the necessary tools to get things done fast and right first time. It is frustrating to have to use a tool and not having the proper training to that, or to have to develop an activity and not having a bold and structured training to that. Please invest more in true, bold and structured training. Invest also in external training. There are great external training opportunities, but when we request, the answer is that there is no budget for that. I believe the company will benefit on building a solid foundation for the future by investing more in true, bold and structured training.
More focused on customer needs, explore customer satisfaction with on-line engagement, actively involved in helping community where we live and operate
Keep providing resources for employees that need assistance at both work and home.
To continue the effort of being inclusive and cultivate growth mindset
We've been implementing D&I initiatives without influencing a cultural shift. There are some that feel we are trying to check a box versus truly promote D&I. There are some that assume minorities are in roles simply because it aligns with company D&I and not because of the person's qualifications. We need to find intentional ways to drive D&I while ensuring we don't lose site of culture.
I think there are lots of job openings where the posting description is written narrowly, with just one preferred candidate in mind.  I would make sure that posted jobs are truly competitive, and not "written for somebody".
To understand what we need and what management could do
"functional org charting" on-demand, to go beyond an employee's hierarchy and provide better understanding of someone's (and their group's/department's) major functional role and or priorities.  I have little current visibility beyond my immediate department.   Share the vision for how employees will work post-pandemic.  Will we revert to pre-pandemic, office-based work? Will there be greater flexibility to adopt hybrid work environments? What is the intended mix of office-based/telecommuting envisioned?  Will current office setups be remolded to open office/Office of the future concept?  How will we relieve current constraints in placing new employees in growing departments? When will current "move freezes" be lifted?
Team building
Continue to give the tools and support so that employees are able to balance work and personal life.
Merck overall does a very good job.
I cant acknowledge any further steps needed to make this a continued successful company
Continue offer a strongly good culture to work
Have the Ways of Working permeate top-down, especially through middle management, and have commitment to/demonstration of Ways of Working influence hiring decisions. Emphasize that our company needs to truly transform to stay competitive - simply optimizing our current business model is not enough. Good work needs to be visible, failures need to be taken as opportunities to learn, and communication needs to be transparent and direct. I truly believe we have the talent to make this company continue to be a success, we just need to adjust our cultural challenges to truly exploit the potential we have.
stay open
continue the culture of recruiting from within
We need to continue our efforts to streamline our processes.  We need to find what internal issues/processes are affecting our speed to bring with new products or new technologies. to our customers.
It is still unclear to me how some people are promoted in my department, particularly those who have challenging workplace personalities that can undermine a team-based culture. There seems to be a lot of middle men involved in the leadership chain. Although I have a great manager now, there are many politics in place, and I don’t always feel safe to speak up with other leadership.
I think the company focus is in the right direction!
Match workload to required resources.
There is a lack of ethnic diversity at supervisory levels and above. There are many qualified individuals however the bar for promotions within a department is set higher for them.  The only opportunities for them to move ahead is to either apply for a higher grade position in another department or leave the company.  High turnover is evidence of this.
Get rid of union
Critical time sensitive projects should not be heavily staffed with brand new employees.
Merck has to really listen their employees to get better and make this company a great place to work. Employees are still not comfortable to give their opinion because they fear possible reprisals. That has to change.
Please prepare your leaders to manage people and not just processes and numbers. I worked in other companies where leaders really acted as managers. Here at MSD the leaders are working as technicians. There are no indicators, there is no 1: 1, I am not comfortable in providing feedback, there is a lack of professionalism when talking about delicate matters. I feel like I work in isolation and sometimes need to report some data to a third person (my manager), who can't help because he doesn't know how to be a manager.    This is not about just being understanding about covid issues. It's about working beyond the covid. There is a general impression that nothing is good enough.  I am very grateful to Merck for the support and support during the pandemic.  This is a translation.
The only comment I would make since I love almost everything about working for Merck is that the re-orgs can make me feel stressed about job security at times.  There is so much change going on in the organization which is great, but there are times I feel worried that some day my job will be impacted by a re-organization.
Remove the 12 call per HCP limit
I like the new Quality initiative for VMF. I think it will be beneficial to have an even stronger emphasis on quality for the vaccines we make for our children. I hope everyone can participate in the initiative and is provided the resources to do so. When finally the Covid Pandemic is over, I think that every working parent's dream would be to have an on site day care. :)
There is a disconnect between the mental health resources Merck provides and encouragement for work life balance and the actual expectations of the job.  There is a constant push to get products to market faster and all the activities surrounding that end up having to go faster, consider multiple scenarios (in the absence of data to inform/limit scenarios). It leads to extra churn and extra work on less time.  All of this in the context of more administrative burden and less support to handle it (particularly in CORE).  It's leading to burn out.  Mental health resources (counseling) are great but can only go so far in this type of atmosphere.  If Merck is truly committed to supporting its employees and their families during a global pandemic, it needs to reevaluate the pressure its culture is putting employees under.
Eliminate obstacles and barriers to change.  Many companies are adapting new ways of working during the pandemic, and while Merck has adapted well, Senior Leaders are not supportive of required changes going forward to keep pace with and be innovative in the way we work.  Merck is behind the curve in announcing and adopting changes to the workplace and workplace flexibility.  Significant cost savings opportunities exist by rightsizing our workplaces in the right locations.  People no longer need to be tied to a desk or offices, or even specific workplaces.  Senior Leaders need to support and advocate for change, thinking about how their teams have worked differently over the past year and how Merck can holistically apply these learnings to make the workplace more efficient and effective to support the long term needs of our patients.
Create a training program for managers. Possibly pick a manager with a lot of experience to properly train managers on GMPs, gowning, documentation, authoring SOPs, union handbook summaries (overtime, ADP), cleaning requirements, gaining access to various software, getting safety shoes and locks, review safety points (muster, fire extinguishers, eye wash, safety showers, GEMS coordinator), batch record review, etc.
Would be great to get field-based employees involved in internal/HQ strategy to ensure that goals are applicable to all employees, not just HQ.
At our company there is a major divide. I have worked in several areas of the company and have felt what it is like to be in each department. One of the greatest things a person could hope for in their job is to have purpose, pride, and be appreciated. There is a lack of appreciation around this company and because of that there is no pride or purpose in the work. This is a problem that I believe should be addressed. Unfortunately for folks around here, it is a company where one does not feel free to speak their mind without being scolded or reprimanded in some form. There is a lack of communication and that starts at the top. Leadership should be something you earn from those who you lead. It is unfortunate that around this building there is more of an "us vs. them" mentality. Each day brings new hope but that can quickly be sucked out of the room around here. I hope that something will happen to make the days to come better.
Streamline the processes. Too heavy and complicated.
Too many silos in the organization, and too many individuals acting in silos.  Not My Job is too common of a theme.  As a result, too many people are needed to review, approve, execute.  Eliminate current management structure and replace with flat organization and empowered work teams and individuals.  Instead of punishing people for thinking outside their box, people should be empowered and encouraged to expand their reach.  Under the current systems, you need to hire more people to deliver on mission.  Under empowerment, people can get more done without resorting to more resources.  Check out the Oz Principles or similar.
continue to advance to new styles of work.
Have more tangible initiatives to impact the work culture to support work life balance.
Better listen to the voices of operators and technicians on the shop floor so there is less division there. I think we should continue our momentum on conversations and actions for GD&I and not loose steam. This needs to continued to be pushed and a core conversation.
Large, over arching policies that are made with out representatives from all areas do not work. They leave out critical information and a convoluted, due to being dulled down to support multiple areas
There should be more programs like GMAP where there can be stretched assignments  in other departments for few months. There should be first 90 days program where employee can get to know more of what the company is doing and other business processes
Remove certain members of leadership who care more about their own careers than the well being of the people they lead.  The COVID pandemic revealed who these people are.
Continue to looks for ways to take work out of the system to be more efficient.  Prioritize resources based on pipeline impact - ie, agnostic cuts across departments to hit financial targets are adversely affecting some areas that are already operating on 'fumes' more than other areas that have been historically well resourced. Promote a diverse workplace to further our science; don't compromise science while promoting diversity.
Accelerate our transformation to a leaner more digital organization
The inclusion in the different emerging and re emerging areas to position and face the immediate future together with the dedication in biosanitary biological technologies and applications and diversification in real talent not biased by particular  interests and prejudices
With the majority of employees working remotely and everyone concerned about stress and work life balance, we need to prioritize our work and remove the non-essential activities -- including all the surveys.  It's great that the company wants our opinions and perspectives, but we receive them so often that it not only adds to the workload to complete them, but there is no time in between administrations for the company to understand, react, and make changes.  This is an example of red tape that we should remove to allow employees to do their work without additional disruptions.
Deal with field retention issues.
- Pay more attention to the opinion of scientists. - Encourage people to speak about their concerns and point of view.
Merck and MSD should consider creating a clear knowledge portal for information regarding its various departments. Having a family tree or a directory that describes a department, its functions, objectives, and how it relates to other departments and how it fits within Merck/MSD's machinery would be extremely useful to promote an understanding of how the different divisions work to drive business outcomes.
Support management with tools for performance management including union employees. This process is not well defined and puts a significant burden on managers to performance-manage employees without support.
Allow for flexible work arrangements for all employees where feasible, and encourage a culture focused on work/life balance.
Increase representation of black women in scientific positions.
We need strong commitment to our work. That comes by ensuring there is no discrimination and by supporting good teamwork and achievements. By highlighting the matter that we all do for the same purpose - there are no "own" work, but common works. When atmosphere is supporting, friendly and caring, people like to work together and get motivated. Sure it is important to take care of workloads - too unrealistic resposibilities and time-lines may created pressure and stress that decrease the results and wellbeing. Managers would need to have discussions with employers to support in situations where the workload is unrealistic. Currently happy to have this kind of team.
Set timeframe for hires to achieve training results. Make hires automatically eligible for promotion once they have accomplished specific training tasks. Provide clarity on the hiring process. How are decisions made, who makes the decisions? Provide clarity on employee bonus assessment. Often the coach does not work directly with those under his/her supervision. How are they obtaining information about work performance?
we have to be open to listen and try to communicate back to that induvial when they are looking for answers
To truly value diversity, greater accommodations must be made to allow those who don’t have traditional families to be in positions of power.
Promote a diversity of opinions. Although there is the appearance of doing this work it's not actually fully realized in practice. For example, Pharm Sci has the DRIVES initiatives. The highly technical work through the digital realization team is almost entirely made of men while the diversity and inclusion team, a soft skills role, is entirely made up of women. It gives the appearance that technical work is driven by men but the softer skills elements are best handled by women. It's exemplifies the type of unconscious bias we have at Merck, especially MRL, that we need to work to continually correct.
Listen to the employees that are actually developing/making your products. We need more space for equipment to do our jobs efficiently and do not feel that we are being heard when we ask about plans to expand lab space in the near future. We need more labs and equipment to make products within the current timelines.
I feel we were too reactive to the OIG report. We do not do the things listed that got other companies in trouble. We are making a rule on limiting calls on our customers from statistics that we are only out of line on 4% of our call decks. If were 96%  correct it does not appear to be an issues that we need to burden the sales force with.
Work on actually tackling issues raised by employees. Often issues that may not be important to our Hoshins are ignored. Clear and honest communication on goals, without the masking corporate jargon would be well received, it seems hard to find our direction as a company. Additionally good work is rewarded the same as average work in most cases and therefore, there seems little incentive to do a better job and a number of people can be seen to clearly be coasting. this is supported by the YER system which does not incentivize junior employees adequately.
Promote healthy eating options further in the canteen.
I like our Mission and the strategy to invent, execute, and adapt to deliver on our Mission especially by adopting the ways of working (WOW) at Merck and MSD. Of the five WOW, Merck and MSD may need to take further steps to encourage experimentation without the fear of failure (planning to experimentation) and empower their employees to make certain decisions at the employee level (controlling to empowering).
Continue to allow flexibility in working arrangements.  Offer guidance and training to reach the next career level.
Keep the MAH Baton Rouge Louisiana Site Open...
A MERCK E MSD; JÁ  TEM  MEDIDAS PARA SER UMA EMPRESA ÓTIMA PARA TRABALHAR
Compensation and growth opportunities
Continue to speak out against racial injustice, voter suppression and model the way for how to treat all humans with respect. I love that our company is global and that we take our mission of protecting lives globally seriously.
Step up the LAG-3 program and offer more promotion opportunity.
Provide direction and training to encourage and facilitate the use of the digital tools that are currently available.
Love the benefits Merck has to offer! Love working for an awesome company!
No more politicized training.
I would look to expansion as our facility is out of space. To grow, we need more space for raw goods and more product. This will allow us as an organization to be better suited to respond to the new demand of products.
Better incentives for new hires and benefits for current employees
Investment into the manufacturing suites
Have a plan to develop every Merck employee by knowing there strengths and weaknesses to allow growth within Merck. This is not being done with everyone at the current.
Obtain health insurance with lower co-insurance premiums.
Authentic shift by leaders and managers to minimize the same high level of reactionary churn across every single issue. Rather, organizations can get the best out of all by having leaders prioritize the things that need to get done in a calm, collected and collaborative manner minimizing reactionary angst on every issue that affects staff involved.  More opportunities for growth of internal candidates and ensuring there is no unconscious bias in hiring externally to fit preferences for style and then advancing those candidates.
1) Further steps need to be taken to reduce the stress of analysts in the QO department. Fatigue, overwork, and anxiety are universally present in all groups.  2) The process of training and hiring new employees, and moving positions within the company, is inefficient and detrimental to the development and responsiveness of the QO department and likely the entire site. New positions can take months or even years to fill, and analysts frequently leave the company because they feel trapped in their current roles with no means of advancing or migrating to a new role.
ensure people have proper work life balance
everyone needs to be on the same page with a clear goal in mind - Expedition 25 is too broad and intangible to align to at the working level
flexibility for working is so important.
Better planning on how to incorporate the current business into Merck Standards and operations.  Currently a big disconnect between the two and therefore normal operations have not been as efficient.  Better planning for the future and most importantly relaying that information down to the employees so they can see the ultimate goal and steps to realistically reach them.
decrease the workload, provide more FTE/human resources. respect evening hours being family time, not expecting employees to work in the evening (coordinate time-differences better). enhance and support job-sharing and part-time across all levels.
It feels that Merck doesn't value different perspective, but rather Merck forces "popular" perspective on its employees.  There is no need for Merck to be making statements on politics, popular/unpopular events, or being involved in items that do not relate to specific Merck products/goals.  These statements affect/reflect upon our customers, employees and relationships in different ways and at the end of the day are unnecessary for business purposes. Merck should hire and support the best candidates for a position regardless of age, race, gender or any other identifying characteristic.  While being diverse and inclusive is a must, why not handle situations that are unjust vs making everyone feel like they are insufficient in the must....we aren't bad people even though the "popular" press wants it to seem that way.
1) Members of every country Leadership Team should spend a week every year performing the bureaucratic tasks they expect their people to perform every day - understand the pain firsthand - then work with colleagues to make our systems work for us. 2) MSD should take great care during the pandemic and post-pandemic phase not to make reductions in resource without also lowering expectations and targets for the colleagues who remain 3) MSD should drop Merck & Co., Inc. altogether and have one name around the world - MSD. Nobody else cares except for us. Shall we get over ourselves and focus on patients?
There are opportunities to create more transparency into career development at Merck.  With multiple job functions fitting into the same levels/titles,  it's not clear what needs to be achieved in order to advance and develop.  One example would be a proactive focus from HR business partners on when/how/where opportunities are within a business unit or in an organization.
Merck should continue to be transparent and supportive in the evolving environment.
STOP trying to fix political issues. We need to bring products to patients. We don’t need politics from HQ, we need resources to help the field.
Continue to provide ways to seek input and feedback from employees. Allow us to share our opinions and demonstrate that our voice matters.
See comments above related to taking concrete steps for diversity, inclusion, and pay equity.
more culture awereness at both sights
Continue to focus on the science while adding additional assets to continue to spread the concentration
Acknowledge work well done, lots of focus on longevity and less on newer to company employees.
Continue to allow flexible working to allow a good work / life balance and in order to retain good employees
I feel like Merck has gone above and beyond for their employees to keep everyone healthy and safe.  I know with some of the different tumors we have in oncology, we have lack paper resources to use when in field or leave behind after discussion for our HCPs.
Fire the legal/compliance department and bring in people that have experience of working ethically, legally, and successfully in sales positions!!
Continue to be transparent as possible on the changes occurring in the organization
Cost of living is steadily increasing especially with the COVID impact, etc. Merck needs to stay competitive with other oncology companies salaries.
Better communication between recently acquired entities and MSD regarding operational procedures and processes.  Training newly acquired entities on systems that are utilized and also training current MSD employee's better ways to communicate so that we are not lost in acronyms.
Explain how compliance rules seem to vary between companies, when we all fall under the same Pharma guidelines? It would be so helpful to further engagement with our customers if some of the compliance rules were lifted/re evaluated.
We need strong leaders and people managers (including mid-level leaders) who embody and don't just pay lip service to the values that come from Ken, Rob, and the EC. I'm inspired by and believe in what Ken and Rob say about what this company is and what they want it to be. How is there such a gap between that and what I've seen and experienced in the company? You can't change the culture and the way we work unless people see THEIR leaders doing the work to speak up, challenge/be challenged, call out microaggressions/bias, and focus as much on developing their teams as their own careers. It's hard to change such a deeply entrenched way of doing things, especially when people are still rewarded for the old behaviors. There is incredible talent within this organization. Lack of strong leaders and people managers (especially managers who create unhealthy team dynamics) significantly diminish our ability to benefit from and build talent to ensure the future success of our company.
Allow more time for training, hire more operators
Politics are main rating step in this company l, no one apply or consider the many systems that we have in msd, politics networking and connections is the rate limiting step for anyones future in this company  Rating system has been destroyed totally, and we are as far as possible from being just and fair when it come to the employees
Be more flexible when it comes to trying new things and ideas. Don’t be afraid to make a mistake. This, in my opinion hampers creativity and weakens the spirit of employees.
Evalute people's skill and capabilities along with their desires before just assigning work or filling positions
To have a wider pipe line and more option on more therapeutic area which will have much effect in good way on the business  Beside to work on the development of the people on learning and taking much more responsibilities
Continue to provide relevant products and resources for providers that will improve patient care and treatment options, growth in clinical trials, and balance of compliance and field-facing team productivity should be on-going.
Consider more significant raises (re-evaluations) every 3-5 years for successful employees to encourage loyalty (as moving companies often commands a 10% increase) AND/or adjust the stock stakeholder expectations of growth (tied to bonus). It was upsetting that 2020 exceeded 2019 growth (which was a stellar, EXCEPTION year) but somehow our scorecard was less than 100 when we had another "exceptional" year. For instance - it is difficult to achieve 10% growth every year, but that doesn't mean short everyone if there is still growth (but less than lofty expectations) after a 10% year, because that in itself - is also an achievement and extreme expectations shouldn't dictate everyone's performance evaluation.
It would be nice to have laptops again.
Opportunities for growth so colleagues are challenged and can visualise a roadmap for the future of both the company and themselves. Looking at the latest advances in technology and implementing as quickly as possible so everyone can benefit from the advances in technology.
Make sure the right resources (amount/quality) are allotted to organizations that need it. Some areas have struggled to retain knowledge due to the amount of employee turnover. It might seem like after hiring a lot of new employees the area is setup to operate, but not having right level of knowledge drains energy/capacity. Also, ensuring areas are properly staffed to be able to comply with the amount of new requirements that are launched every year.
Compliance needs to ease up. We lose opportunities that our competitors take advantage of because of policies.  Also, reward the people who have built this Division. Stop with the pay increases to the people who are threatening to leave. They are the same ones who had $$ thrown at them to come to Merck in the first place only to use it as a stepping stone. You reap what you sow.
act on making thing easier for our customers to do business with us
Communication. There is a disconnect when supplying accurate information.  Quality starts at the top, safety keeps us at the top but if the top (upper mngt) is indecisive about issues and cannot make a decision at the appropriate time, it is just as bad as NO decision.
Be consistent and aligned across the division on critical priorities for transformation, fund and resource those correctly and stop work that is not actively supported across leadership. Change the mindset on assessing and prioritising opportunities from only supporting once a concept is fully proven to fully supporting the removal of obstacles, proof of concept and pathway to value.
to be a truly diverse company.  Many people still think that some think can only be done by "head quarters US people"
Senior management and leadership are doing a great job however, employees should be  appreciated, commended, and promoted more frequently.
Show more examples of truly putting the patient at the center of all we do, marketing, resources, promotion, education, etc
Continue to focus on three objectives: safety, quality and investing in employees.
Although, great company to work for, we spend half a year trying to save $, and the other half budgeting to spend money. The culture is a bit passive aggressive with a lot of unnecessary daily meetings
We recognize compliance is necessary to help us be successful and to keep us safe. It would be helpful if compliance and sales leadership could form task forces including reps from across divisions to give input on how policies and restrictions will impact the field. It has been a long time since many in leadership have worked in the field and the majority of compliance people have never worked in the field as reps to understand the impact of decisions in today’s environment. Unfortunately, we don’t hear about these decisions until they have already been finalized and become policy. We share our feedback, but it does not feel like it is heard nor can anything be done to change it at that point. Many of these policies are organization wide and are tough to change once they are stamped with approval. Please take into account the environment in each, individual sales division. They are different and your decisions impact the divisions differently in many instances.
Listen to employee feedback and streamline processes.  There seem to be a lot of duplication of efforts and the company is so large that some things appear to be lost in translation.
Empower employees to feel free to speak up.
Continuing to ensure safe spaces for employees to speak up and raise concerns, especially through the consequences of a pandemic. Foster a culture of empowerment and accountability. Reduce complexity in organisational structures around our markets that often add work instead of helping to reduce.
Remove bureaucracy and barriers so we can adapt quickly to the marketplace.  Remove field based headcount and reallocate funds to additional personnel in training and review (PRT for example) so product / learning resources can be developed and adopted in real time to service customers.  Gain better understanding of real world market needs and solicit best practices from other industry leaders and large growing corporations to develop new ideas and approach.  BE BRAVE but not reckless!
Clear Development plan based on identified roadmap for future next role Clear definition of talents
Please continue the Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion actions.  The current actions have moved past lip service and have a potential effect on employees work efforts and career trajectories.  In the past most companies and academic entities feel that a few months to 1 year of discussion and no action will bring about a change for 300+ plus years of focused action to disenfranchise populations.  The Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion actions should be permanent to start the reversal of the established disenfranchising actions of the past.  Emphasis on building trust in diverse communities to improve clinical trial enrollment will only provide a benefit to the patient populations, FDA, and data for the clinicians to make the appropriate decisions for patient care.
Actively involving production operators in improvement projects that concerns them by working with them to find out how exactly the intended project fits into the actually operations on the floor, instead of solely relying on theoretical plans. Thanks
Mentoring and guiding young, talented scientists.
Employ the right people in the right positions
MSD should continue to do extraordinary things as usual like following: Innovation, Diverse & Inclusion, social altruism, scattering activities (meditation, families activities and pets, curses in live: cook, gardering, etc), training, mentoring and more.
Continue to be open and transparent about the future.
Do away with the 12 meals per customer per year.
Re-evaluate pay structure for all or certain job functions. Still doesn’t seem to make sense for a manager to be paid close to some of his/her own employees; despite similar tenure and more diverse resume. Same goes for employees in same role yet there can be a massive gap in salary of one versus the other. Efforts have been made to tighten gap but happening too slowly. Would take a decade at current pace.
Continue giving us the resources to adapt in these changing and challenging times  Continue to reassure us that you recognize that we are doing our best because we are
incorporate physical and mental health programs for their employee
Facilitate opportunities to share barriers and improve systems and processes
Continue allowing the flexibility of working remotely to improve efficiency and the well-being of the employees
Look at ways to move from idea to implementation faster - there is so much talk and very little action. Focus more on customers Have a plan B - don't put all eggs into one basket due to costs as if this fails the timeline is significantly set back and the costs mount more so it is a false economy to gamble on one option working the first time
The leadership teams of Merck need to understand that inclusion goes beyond race. Working across and respecting all generations needs to be brought forward with equal importance. Merck focuses on the politically correct "hot topics" of diversity.  Removal of the GIFs was a disappointment and exhibited a lack of trust to Merck employees and goes against Ways of Working standards.  The managers of the Global Clinical Safety and Pharmacovigilance have lost the scope of the CSS role. The main focus of the mangers is making commitments to outside organizations within the company that add no value to the CSSs daily work. Issues within the group that have been brought to managements remain ongoing for years. The role is currently focused on metrics, trackers and applications, rather than quality safety reports. Far too much duplication of efforts. The communication pathway between Colombia and US managers lacks strength giving a sense of two separate organizations leading to frustration.
improve training, reward hard work and targets met
Respect time boundaries.
SIP, CQM, EDM, ME to communicate better
Help candidate improve their talents in their field  Support people professionally not socially
Do less projects, and do the open projects better, more thoughtful with more time and balance work/ life commitments with more appreciation.  Schedule less meetings, like a lot less meetings, and allow for more time to do work through the normal work hours.
Maintaining the option of home office 2 or 3 days a week when work allows it, continuing to train people to have a friendlier job
Offer more incentives and opportunities to make employees feel appreciated and feel assured that their hard work, input, and opinion matters.
Ensuring not just employees, but also our service delivery partners (e.g Genpact Dalian etc) adopt MSD values, where respect and professionalism should be uphold.
Would like to see more Senior Staff attend Tier meetings day and night shifts. Our AD for Manufacturing Services does a great job of coming on weekly basis but would like to have more engagement from various Senior leaders with regards to company initiatives and direction.
Streamline the processes and tools used to measure KPIs
Value diversity  and perspectives from everyone in the organization. With a person's prior experience, an individual may have a lot to contribute on topics, ideas and ways of working especially towards being more efficient and accelerating activities for a favorable business impact.   Alignment on business priorities across divisions (MMD, GHH, MRL). Ensure fairness  towards all employees in the organization for equal opportunities and advancement. Evaluate all employees fairly for key talent placement and opportunities for development.  Remove the unconscious bias that sometimes appears with leaders of organizations. Align/adjust the compensation with other leading  pharmaceutical companies. More empowerment to individuals doing the work.  For leaders to truly support different ideas and ways of working across all functions within the organization.
Build internal talents before hiring from outside.
Fast procurement of vaccines and successful vaccination for COVID-19 for all the employees and dependents
Assign teams to streamline software systems to be more user friendly and work together.  Many systems have redundant features and seem to not be compatible or share information.
Be competitive in terms of programs
More flexibility in work schedules. More focused training and a way to assess training effectiveness.
Improve our health insurance.  The health insurance is incredibly inadequate.  It actually makes my family and I try to avoid going to the doctors, which doesn't promote health.  The reason we try to avoid the doctor is due to the high deductible and 20% co-insurance.  It is terrible
I think at this moment the organization is doing everything right in all the areas it should have been doing, and could not agree more the value and personal and professional support the organization is providing at this unprecedented moment
We should improve our employees' soft skills via external courses & activities
Small sites often lose viability in the MSD organisation - with senior managers reporting out of country they also aren't visible.  Misalignment of local culture and business practices to the global MSD occurs and there is a lack of accountability.  This is especially true of the different operational units eg: alignment of groups such as Procurement, IT,  to the MMD (production) site needs.  There is no assessment of service delivery and accountability and as a result the gaps that occur in conducting the business get filled by staff in other areas - eg: production staff doing procurement tasks.  Consequently staff are taken off task to focus on areas that are not their responsibility and therefore compromise their ability to deliver on the mission as their skill sets and their job focus warrants.
Maintain work life balance
More concerted consideration and communication on re-organisation of MSD.
even with company policies encourages all working members to speak up but in reality is it not..
VALUE TALENT -- especially who demonstrate Ways of Working but not recognized. Promotion should be about the person and not just looking at the role. Skill can be acquired but attitude is vital in a role.
Leaders to be more open with ideas
Workplace flexibility and work-life balance
Being part of MSD family, found to be blessed with good culture and people around me for every support. Great place to work on the planet.
Review the current IT Risk Management framework as IT does not monitor and does not have any visibility on remediation plan for business used systems, upon identifying low/ medium risks. Value and appreciate the internal talents the company has through the means of promotion; instead of hiring from outside.
Focus on work life balance, development of our people
Developmental plan for every employee and actively support to achieve the plan Encourage Internal Job rotations
Retrospective actions on Continuous Feedbacks from Employee
i hope company will have more clear direction for employees responsibility, as at now i feel that all rep has to do more job task included marketing job, so it is unbalance now in term on work task
career progression
Stock options. Remove salary caps. Add raises to base salaries.
Provide more transparency in communication, especially during times of ambiguity.
Continue to be innovative, listen to employees, it’s wonderful that Merck is dismantling the obstacle of moving to headquarters for opportunities.
Be adoptive and sensitive to the need of the business environment. Be trusting and less doubting. Be more actively engaging than building paper/templates/monitoring submissions. Less field work shouldn't translate to more admin work. Mentality of contributing less because of less time in the field should be scrapped instead value the virtual replacement and effort of the employees and asses if the result translate to hitting goals. sometimes this is not intentionally done but subliminally relaying such a message to the team.
I think MSD should look into small subsidiaries. Small subsidiaries feel left out especially in the company of "priority countries" - those that make better business. This is especially evident in study protocols being approved. Big countries will always have the the capacity to have a back up budget but smaller countries won't have that capacity. There are many good study proposals from the small subsidiaries but are not being prioritized so are left at the mercy of being budgeted from the countries' end.
although is a globalization nowadays, but personally feel that top management should be consist of local citizen as they understand best on the culture and business sense of the country.   KPI is a way to evaluate worker, but KPI that set by the management have sense of empathy and hear the voice of the worker.
Workload balance
continue the good welfare
I’m happy working for MSD. The way this company takes care of us employees, customers and patients really show compassion. Prioritizing our safety during typhoons or national disasters. The way MSD handled this pandemic made me even more amazed. We are the first one to suspend our employees from going out of the field. The rest followed. That alone exhibited our companies  exemplary decision making. I also love how MSD maintains ethical standards when engaging with our customers despite the left and right unethical ways of other pharmaceuticals. This makes me proud to be part of a company that has continued to grow while adhering to our values and standards.
Increase the rigor on Rapid decision making
Provide cross-functional opportunities, train on the new technologies like biologicals, vaccines, sterile and job rotations for career progression
More clarity on the R&R of each team and role after the spin-off. We are getter leaner but our processes are not, instead we are incorporating more processes. We need to relook into our processes too.
In MSD it is verify difficult to get the promotion. Although you have much skills and you are doing the jobs for next level it is quite difficult to be promoted. There are lot of internal politics so if you are ready to do the job for next level you still have to perform being in your current position.
To continue with Speak Up culture. To discuss or conduct survey with employees before implementing any new projects.
MSD is a great co. to work and great product for our customers. Need to improve robust  unique product pipeline to overcome pandemic situation like this.  Local leadership also see that  no one should bias either conscious or unconscious.
I think we are responding well as a company to what our patients, and employees need at the moment.
Flexibility and adoptability to change bounded with ethics and integrity that the company has. We need to be more dynamic to adjust what the customers need for us to continue  to reach more patients and help them be well. People manager should have an  strong empathy for their people needs and feelings. It is very important to make your people be motivated to make them more productive and happy despite of stress and challenges.  Team work is very important and having a good leader can make the team more productive and motivated. Work life balance is no longer observe. Hope that despite of change we can adopt and remain to be an organization that every employees choice to stay.
Further leverage on current standard work. Some of the standard work is too complicated, can consider to simplify the process.
Value on the feedbacks we provided
Create an environment where people feel safe to speak up and know that their voices will be heard
It would be good to understand how Merck and MSD will prepare &  operate in the Post-Pandemic (Endemic) era to attain the Strategy of the Future.
There is an overwhelming feeling that this company is run by lawyers and not scientists.  The lawyers need to learn to work WITH the other departments and not AGAINST everyone.  If that’s not the reality, then there needs to be a very strong effort to change the perception.
Improve communication on the lower ranks, there must be openness and TRUST.  Work life balance and time boundaries are not being felt.
increase salary to attract more talents
Re-assess equality of career progression across different departments/divisions.  Provide more headspace and opportunities for employee to broaden experiences and skills.  Re-scale compensation of internal employees vs external hiring.
I think MSD should consider applying the same compliance rules as other company in Pharma group for Vietnam market.
Regional support models of ERP Applications support and SCM Planning are failing. Linkages should be established to measure their contributions towards driving business values. Without this they are nowhere and manufacturing divisions suffer and finding own ways through hard lessons.  Teams without any accountability is a great liability to the company and we should take Organon split as an opportunity to review the Regional support structure, Third party support and Roles & Responsibilities.
More opportunities to talents in local markets to expand scope/ exposures to the regional/ international environment
more appreciation award for staff, more flexible benefits such as including vacation and increasing amount of coverage, face to face teambuilding among local function and local-regional-global function within same function / different function
Merck should do a better job of empowering employees and retaining good people by awarding options and or stock that vests over time.  It would show valued employees that they are important to the future of the company and give them a feeling of being responsible for the company to do well.  Merck is losing many of their best people and should look to retain and keep valuable employees.
MSD leadership need to support Psychological safety environment so that employ one's self without fear of negative consequences of self-image, status or career.
Save the politics "speeches" to forums where people from different sides could participate without judgement in real time instead of spitting out company wide emails which only provide a single side (and presumably thinking everyone agrees ... or perhaps they don't care and just want to provide one side, which is incredibly irresponsible for someone with a leadership position and an abuse of power in my opinion).
Allow rank and file employees to share and participate in Long Term Equity positions with Merck and have participation in the profits of the company, such as a profit sharing plan or equity positions.  The lower band employees used to participate in these type of positions, however now it’s been reserved for more Sr level band positions or 9 box talent.  The lower band rank and file contribute a significant amount to the overall success of the organization, but don’t get to participate in the profits.
HR - should be better to Support  Health Insurance
The buesiness trip plan is being approved by high level management. And the COVID-19 information is being collected by company regulatory and shared with all employees.
We need to have a clear objective, mission, and vision even at a department level, and allocate appropriate resources and establish appropriate governance to help accomplish the objectives. The middle management should be encouraged to establishing governance and help minimize office politics in the name of the visibility game. If there is a clear governance and a clear performance matrix then the significant time spent on enhancing visibility can be minimized. Eliminating internal competition and enhancing collaboration will allow us to compete as one MSD to deliver on our company's objectives and bring life-saving medicines to our patients.
TER UMA EQUIPE PARA OUVIR OS ANSEIOS DOS COLABORADORES, PARA TER UM REAL FEDBACK DA COISAS QUE A MSD PROPONHA SE REALMENTE ESTÁ SENDO CUMPRIDA PELOS GESTORES.
Ensure balance workload distributed among team members in a department, not overloading work on selected team member
- Work-life balance of employees, this is currently on paper and there is no firm action plan, resulting employee working after office hours/stressed - By ensuring we are maintaining diversity ratio, we should not loose key talent. It has been observed that in order to achieve ratio of diversity in certain band levels, EDP/key performer were not considered. Thus, on long term these key talent/performers will leave MSD. - Company offerings, benefits/facility matter most for new and existing employees, example canteen facility is worst in terms of food quality also bus transport send back employee was stopped. These impacts on employee well-beings, ability to attract/retain key talents. Thus, request to ensure we are good at canteen & provide bus transport/re-start bus service. - Employee family visit to plant once year to show where & how employee is working, this will help employee to get family support & encouragement from family members  - Add NTUC, IKEA, Popular in the Inspire list
Employ managers who are leaders, people who are able to lead and mentor the team. It's important to have an understanding of what the team needs and how to grow them. My current manager is reactive and only act when I provide feedback. One of possible reason is that he doesn't have the depth and breadth of digital although he's the Digital Lead. Even if he doesn't have technical skills, at least there should be an ability of identify potential gaps based on experience (e.g. having a sense of key numbers and how to check if things are progressing well).
1) Design and roll out plans to develop what market and customers needs.  2) Focus on employee development especially soft skills and selling skills 3) To approach Digital engagement in what the market needs and not fulfill internal KPI 4) To listen to what employee's needs in a fair balance way
MSD should look into what is the employee that can be more productive and encourage the staff by good remuneration and benefit as staff are willing to sacrifice their family time for the organization by working to achieve the target output.  There is no personnel touch and encouragement and commitment from the organization for our well being  beside the target output achieve.
Should remove barriers like leakage of institutional goods and launch new products
inventing, DD&A applying  and marketing flexiable
Better/Improved way of communication. To move towards a work life balance organisation.
Alot of benefit has been removed
Lead by example, not just saying
Listen and take actions on concerns raised during discussions. Do keep us in view with updates and actions taken in regards of our feedbacks.
I hope that our company will perform more activities that engaging with more HCPs and hospitals to help improve people's live and save more lives.
Initiatives to Improve  work-life balance of employees at all levels. Too many changes have been implemented as means of Work efficiency improvements, taking a toll on resources and also resulting in in-stability.
Continue to ask for feedbacks from employees
Provide vaccination to employees...rest is great
Increase the speed of deployment of new technologies.
Long term incentive must be continue every alternate year. Company also should take steps to make balance in personal and professional life of its employees.
due to these pandemic situation we should focus on customer and give them technical service and support  on a better way
Understand that work and family life a have a priority to most people and that people on off shifts sacrifice that for their family. It is not fair to assume that because a person is the male in their household than work life balance doesnt matter.
I am good with what MSD is doing especially on the safety of the employee in this time of pandemic.
Create safe spaces where personnel are able to provide feedback and insight about our roles and duties to managers so they have a better understanding of our daily tasks, which ideally will make resources and solutions more readily accessible/
Manager can’t take criticism. They are not concerned about company’s benefit, only safeguarding their personal fault points.
Travel allowance should be dynamic as per petrol price in country. Outstation and Hotel Allowances must be increase as we could not find Hotel and manage our work in current allowance.
I felt some of the important thing that affect us worker is not communicate earlier, we always get the information from the rumors' mongers. It will make us feel as part of the company if we are treated better (Timely sharing of information that affected us the worker).
To fine tune the existing norms and applying them to those who are not being benefitted with existing norms
Follow the company strategy and Policy.
Collaboration with newly joined employees...
MSD is a great organisation in the world,suggestion is increase field force for deeply coverage
Work together and famlier behaviour with colleagues
Provide flexibility for employees to convery positive ideas
All are is on right direction.
Make work from home for employees permanent, who's presence in office is not required and they can perform there duties remotely. It will be a step in right direction, as it will save lot of resources of MSD till the time pandemic is over. Sincerely, Saurabh Asthana
New Launch Products in CVM Division
Good training about products.and update the knowledge
Could cooperation well between  the medical and commercial team. I know in the police we couldn’t know what they do before indication be approved. I just want to know how to follow in next step(when indications been approved).
Good facility to work in office and work at home.
Continue what you are doing especially to employees. Thank you!
Grateful for all that the company provides especially not compromising a thing this pandemic. Everybody adjusts with all that this challenging times come with, and a personal touch from our managers can also uplift our morale. Stability of our stocks would be of great help into reaching our patients the treatment they deserve. Time boundaries at work should also be set to deliver more quality and productive outputs.
Create better work environment and more resources for accomplishing the targets. Give better care for individuals, their family members and  job security. MSD should let all know the research pipeline and its future research.
Continue the great work in savings live mission ! Focus on people and patient. Continue to develop the people in all areas and path way for adopting the digital era
Innovation will help
Higher salary increase for the rank and file
SIP has been a huge mistake to implement. I wonder how these decisions are made as it hasn't added to productivity and efficiency at all, on top of it, it's been extremely time consuming trying to work something that doesn't and relationships with sites also took a hit.
Hire the right talent by ensuring that we gain quality employees who can drive the business to meet it's objectives.
Need to be proactive to the Current situations and Need to Make strategy /tactical move looking into ground reality
nothing
In this digital age, many teams are remote. More oportunities to connect: EMP Cohort is GREAT, but more of these initiatives are needed, globally. Are marketing meetings planned for marketeers to emulate amongst themselves? In Euram or even globally? Can global key members coach/accompagny members in the countries?  Include more team members outside of Pharma/medicine & FOSTER their ideas: increase their proportion in pharma heavy teams. Ensure people rotation (liek FMCG on 3 year basis)=> get people to think outside the box & ensure onboarding can be done smoothly (right now knowledge is only in people's heads because they don't need to make it available any other way).
Ensure communication filters all the way down
Listen to the needs of the employees. Our department has lost some very good workers unfortunately as their needs weren't being listened to.
lots of great programs and initiatives but the speed of roll out, transformation needs to be quicker  COVID has change the the ways of working, need to look at  how to return to the right model for improved collaboration  and team work.
* Bring new medicines to market that are wanted by patients/payers * Take stock of how many hours per week people are working, and aim to get people to bring down the hours to what we are meant to be doing. * Reduce the burden of so many distractions from core work: multiple mylearning courses and meetings etc. * Create more opportunities for social interaction between employees.
Provide development opportunity, on the job training, class learning new skills and job rotation, and offer competitive remuneration package.
Remove the politics > Rethink the organisational hierarchy, Remove massive responsibility overlaps (IT perspective). Take more responsibility for IT solutions. Don't be afraid to lead the industry (IT perspective). Create bold strategies and visions (not just talk, but real leadership behind vision)
Provide opportunities across different groups  irrespective of time zone
Strengthen the company's pipeline in diverse therapeutic areas not only in oncology, innovate in diagnostics area, use the digital tools to target doctors, break the silos in country and across country,  be patient-centric and deliver our medicines on time and culture an diverse environment from the base of our company to the top.
Review working arrangements for staff that are expected to work more regularly with US (eg. regional teams), as there seems to be the expectation that staff should be working at US hours in addition to normal office hours everyday, due to assigned programs coverage (can't tell what is off-work time), including friday evenings. Hope to seek more understanding from management for colleagues not working in US timezone and allow staff to unplug from TEAMS, Whatsapp, emails and maintain personal time and mental health.  Multiple systems and platforms for reg intel, but teams have separate own trackers eg. ORION cannot be used to pull regulatory submission status and planning reports. Each country team and regional/product teams have their own trackers, resulting in tremendous efforts required to update trackers from one sheet to multiple versions for different focus. (One excel sheet to 2 different excel sheets for report generation). I believe the streamlining and simplifying of the mechanism of updating dates/t
In Turkey managers do not support work-life balance. There's a huge work load and we stay in front of the PC more than 10 hours. Bureaucracy, self-decisions and uncertain carreer paths turns you down. Compensation plans are incredibly less than other pharma companies. Turn-over rates are just a proof of it.  I used to "love" MSD but my company moves away from the things they promise 5 years ago, to now.
Promote Diversity and Inclusion.  Managers should assess from time to time employee workloads and see if it is too much for employees that it is affecting employees work life balance. Make work easier for employees through quick IT support, streamlining processes, etc. HR customized approach to individual employee needs.
Stay Lean, communication lines short, create functions where the work is done and not at the managers positions.
MSD already have a great place to do the work .
The company have been working in a network strategy for the last 10 years, it is difficult to see results and next steps are not visible given slow achievement at implementation. Digital is important, moves are done, mainly in the security arena, but not improving process, reduce manual activities and eliminating wastes. Other point looking forward is product portfolio rationalization, accurate sales forecast, and improvements in old products robustness.
Cultivate the work life balance culture.
Progress towards biotechnology - to stay in the game for pharmaceuticals.  Create more opportunities for biopharma in Singapore
More generous paternity leave policy. Currently only 2 weeks in Singapore.
Increase recourse to handle new changes and improvements. All new resources are new to this industry which give some time delays.
Promoting a inclusive and empower work culture environment. looking deeper into dept roles and it will be great to have a mix of new blood instead of majority of more than 15,20 years individual that is resistant to change for the better or accept new ideas or way of doing things.
To review current processes and to align with the company directions. Alot of processes are outdated and not able to meet to business requirement.
adequate resources , get better at retaining experienced staff., listen to employees
Professionalise Supply Chain Management - introduce Advanced Planning
I think it would be nice to hear more for our customers and the Hcp and other groups who support our customers. This can provide  head office staff a better connection that the work we do makes a difference. Also being more transparent with the transformation plans.
invest even more money into research and research IT support
Merck and MSD did a great milestone in this mission before by hearing from the employees and I believe if there is a bigger space for that, it will help. Giving the employees the ownership will be very beneficial.
existing system database to be updated to have correct information. Document management is vital and need to be improved.
To simplify workflow that might complicate the execution of routine work eg raising appian for organon/merck vs DSP for merck only for one request to change global fields in SAP
Special skills allowance. Annual Dinner every year, so that everyone can join together and know each others well
Address resource issues, provide greater opportunity for rotation and development
I have been in roles for start ups and have noticed that development does get side tracked in these environments leading to higher turnover of employees. I hope the company can bring focus back to this before steady state if possible.
These days people almost insist on immediate feedback and immediate answers. Whether during normal office hours, after hours, weekends or holidays, we always have our phones or laptops close in case someone may need something from us. While it is great that everything is so accessible, it unfortunately does make one feel that you never switch off. This may differ from person to person but from my own experience and colleagues around me, I can say that we feel that we are struggling to manage with workload and to switch off. This makes it difficult to always maintain a healthy and positive mental state and also influences one's family life. Unfortunately a thing of the times we live in something we have to learn to manage.
Safety first and quality always
more strategic partnership with other customers
Make plans for employee's career development so that we will feel appreciated for the amount of works that we do.
A bit of more stability. I know that the environment changes and we need to adapt to it and be flexible, but sometimes org changes make projects just started outdated
Supply enough resources (manpower) or reduce workload
Quick decision making and use modern digitalization.
MSD inclusive principle and sense of belonging toward MSD to be strongly demonstrated by Managers
maybe the Leadership team can further reinforce and encourage open communication
With the continuing stresses and impact associated with Covid 19 pandemic and the challenges with working from home, I think the company needs to do more to encourage and support a successful work-life balance.  Disconnecting from work has become more difficult being at home full time, especially on planned vacation days, which are now mostly spent at home.
Improve on rewards and recognition to staff and encouraging work/life balance
By continuously supporting its employees growth and advancing in the healthcare industry
Embrace New people Culture.  More training resources Use trello as account planning tool Use docu sign
Slow down the pace of change and do changes only when needed
Disable most of MyLearning courses. They are NOT RELEVANT and distract from work!
allowing work from anywhere
to open the office again all is it just for few days, for me is it already a good workplace.
I would suggest to invest more in education like yellow and green belt to develop our people, as well as make it easier to grow within the company or within your division.
Don't restrict tools, programs and frameworks out of 'fear' but with responsibility
The company has a very strong legacy and is respected by the healthcare professional community. We see the company embracing new technologies eg AI in MMD and the use of new engagement tools to recruit new people into the organization however the commercial teams aren't enabled to better engage and continue delivering value to our healthcare professionals and this is an area some more joined up thinking need to occur otherwise we will be forgotten.
Include people who needs to work with several new systems in the decision how this should work . Currently a bunch  of new systems ( IPI , CODA etc ) are introduced without the opinion of the end users . Result of this is that people don't understand what the benefits are and only see that it generate more work without a good training and ends in frustration .
Take a broader less traditional approach to identifying key talent.  Should key talent only focus on leadership potential?  What about technical specialist potential? Ensure that non-key talent individuals are still developed, supported, valued, and encouraged.   Encourage healthy work hours and work life balance. Discourage the culture of excessive overtime.
Ask, listen and take on board information, feedback from the people on the ground, they are the people doing the job day in, day out.
Move quickly in driving efficiency via technology and stronger project management. Using 1980 technology/ ways of working (e.g. paper-based or paper on glass) to address 2020 requirement from customer+agency is not sustainable.
Help the workforce maintain a work life balance, workload and time at work has increased since start of pandemic
More work-life balance For now due to work overwhelmed it is not possible to be done.
Adopt to new after COVID-19 era, simplify processes
More oroduct
- Better vision for supporting organisations (IT) - More collaboration between different internal organisations - Support line promotions - There should be more transparency in the mechanics how annual bonuses works (how are people chosen and why and vice versa if is someone is being marked as underperforming there should be a clear reasons, no just vague arguments).
MSD leaders should be more open to ideas from other team members. They should better empower the young generation. The young generation should feel that their views and ideas are also valued and they, as a person, being considered as a team member/colleague by the LT members.
Keep focusing on diversity, inclusion and encouraging flexibility, work-life balance and well-being.
Continue to nurture talents, aim to be more efficient with the use of resources, continue to be transparent on company issues and directions, continue to listen to the voice of the customer
To listen more to feedback rather than implementation first
Mental Health days should be encouraged. For new teams in virtual home-office, more emphasis should be put on connection and relationship building outside of work context.
Allow people to focus on getting things done and mature solutions, don't change direction (in IT tooling)  every year.
job scope more clearly defined, easier to find the right person to perform the right job.
staying on this path
More activities for the employees to increase "team spirit" and sense of belonging, branded gifts for the employees like you did in the winter
Facilitate Covid-19 vaccination for MSD employees  Increase the schooling allowance in Oman
Continue to value the employee's contribution so that employee feel the sense of belonging and motivated to work for company growth.
We are always talking about equality, diversity, etc., but it is not always followed among different divisions. In legal we have some (unreasonable) constraints that other functions do not have which sometimes makes our lives a little bit frustrating and demotivating (for example, inspire program). It is not fair that we create differences among people participating in the same project. There should be also more specific training programs for us as HH and medical have.
Merck & MSD needs to connect employees to the global and local processes in the pharma world. Trends, changes and goals of the company for the coming years
Let the grant 3 years ago not be a one off.. the numbers are great every year, why not letting all your employees have a cut out of it...?
support and give opportunities to people who have an interest in growing within the business
more realistic planning when it comes to projects - it is very hard to keep on with standard operations and projects with tight deadlines and limited resources
In my view Our company is going in the right direction. whatever we are doing is good enough to achieve our goal
Work toward becoming eve more agile and less siloed company.
Continue to find ways to strengthen and reward new approaches to doing business, cross-functional learning and working. We need to have a mindset in looking at every function of the organization as our drug pipeline i.e. invest in the future and innovate within current activities. Continue to look after our people - invest in our talent, allow them to bring their whole self to work.
Keep going forward, for people and work
Continue to support and provide resources to get the job done on the best side
. Make SOP's less complex and ambiguous, particularly around meetings and activities with HCP's . Steamline SOP's between Commercial and Medical where appropriate - We are one company after all . Minimise bureaucracy with administration. . Improve upon true department partnering and collaboration from the outset, rather than being brought in late to projects, ensuring all key stakeholders are involved for best outcomes.
Wellbeing for the sales force. A lot of good initiatives are done at MSD (yoga-fitness...) But impossible to be at MSD at noon for the sales force.
Invention new products
Less bierocracy and to be more Agile
Better training, better communication, longer timelines to complete adhoc tasks/assignments, less pressure put on people to get things done, better organisation in department
Set up clear priorities and add resources for us to be able to do our  job in a good quality
change and reduce compliance barriers
To help workers to balance professional and personal life, sometimes the burden of extra work is really high and the work-life balance results complicated.
Our company is a great place to work!
1.Expand conversation on future products and changes in the company. 2.Ensure that company employees undergo comprehensive periodic health examinations. 3.replace our mobile devices, which are our most important work tools more often. Thank you.
The current role of a production employee is currently not  secure and people feel scared with MacKinzie coming. Improve communication within the whole compagny.
Full free teleworking. More diversity & inclusion visible in the organization. More solid and genuine work/life balance policies (make real changes).
Listen to the people. Not only the management, but to the ground people as well. Management not always right.
Consider the compensation and benefits, and ensure they are competitive with the market
Continue to provide opportunities for people to make meaningful contributions and bring lifesaving treatments to patients faster, at less cost and with consideration of sustainability
First.Listen to your clients and your people.  Be flexible.Be agile. Not in words. In facts. Make the job easy. Rethink,update and rewrite WoW to be more understandable,more specific and have more value for our daily job lives and not to be another task. Put the right person to the right position.  And finally. Listen to to your clients and your people.
focus on the who as well as the what and how
To be more patient centric company
Ensure adequate resourcing of colleagues in areas to support the business and improve the global systems so they can be used by sites for their needs. Too many global systems are not site user friendly with not enough choices to tailor reports required.
Increase the presence of Merck and MSD in region like AP and LA.
offer more development and growth options
Seek, be open and inclusive (without negative consequences) to opinions and feedback. Do not let individual leaders deviate from corporate leadership principles (Accepting and providing fair and transparent feedback, (unconscious) bias in talent management, performance evaluation and career management, for example.)
If Merck and MSD would take a step to give permanently work from home option for employees, that would really helps us.
less politics in workplace the manager should reivew the individidual's performance based how they actually perform rather than the divisional quota.
Company should support staffs to work from home more efficient for example hi speed internet, home printer (some function need for work) some infrastructure ( chair and monitor to facilitate and avoid office syndrome).
Make processes more simple. Very core rules and regulations should be given in one folder for everyone (links, how to's, resources) for onboarding.
Communication, across departments could be stronger, resources are limited on site. Ensuring a work, life balance
Continue to focus on cost saving to deliver value for our patients and customers as well as sustain the  competitiveness of the business for its long term future.
take a lead role in devoloping a shift rotation that acknowledges the negative impact shift work has on the health of its employees both in the physical and mental wellbeing. current attitude is that if you do shift work you are well compensated through shift premium and time away from the business. This line of thinking is from a bygone age and needs to be updated. supports such as advice on sleep patters and healthy eating for shift workers only pay lip service to the problem. Votes for employees on equally difficult and unpalletable shift pattern options only serves to alienate an already fed up shift worker population. so solutions need to be innovative. studys show shift workers are 50% more likely to be imapacted by covid -19,when puch came to shove we were able to pivot towards WFH where possible so we should be able to do some blue sky thinking when it comes to shift workers and the impact shift work has on peoples lives.
In my opinion MSD should try to avoid a not necessary bureaucracy and to decrease the amount of reporting systems. Each year we feel that reporting is expanded and a time for the real work is becoming to be very limited because of this bureaucracy and approval processing. Several pathways may be simplified, some processes could be automatized. In today’s situation I feel a big challenge to balance my work and family life. I’ll be happy to spell more time with my family and to spend my work time  on really important projects and not on reporting and administration.
review systems that add redundancy to our everyday work routines
More career support, development plans would be nice to have. Better mentoring and coaching from managers and company.
Continue to diversify outside of Oncology. The new ways of working also bring a forward looking feel to how we do our business and we need to continue to keep these behaviors to ensure we remain competitive
Less workload
Be faster is taking decisions and responses to the digital  world we are living in now as we have a great issue that we really response late to any upcoming updates while other companies respond faster to the surrounding circumstances.
More money for R$D !
Ensure that we don't underestimate or undervalue the knowledge & experience of our staff/contractors. It's the contributions of key people at key times that ensures continued success.
We need better time management in our response to competitors. They often have a great market share before we do something drastic enough like a price reduction and by the our diminished share of voice is hard to make up.
Find a way to process innovative and new projects faster to meet the needs of our stakeholders and customers
Secure internal resources. I think our vision and goals for the future is very clear and definitively the right way (agile, digital transformation etc), but sometimes I feel that its expected that you should deliver results from the very beginning, even before the set up is in place or all capabilities are in place. Testing and learning is not always considered as the right way. Lack of the appropriate internal resources slows down work, but the requirements for deliver of results remains the same.
At Biotech Dublin we need to build on our problem solving culture. We can get very silo'd between the IPT's / Supply Chain / Quality and if we have an issue that is cross functional it can be very difficult to get resources to fix the issue.
Deliver all toolset that allow us to work efficiently and improve our skills
Provide IT solutions with guidance; everybody can choose to use them differently, which results in very inefficient use when working on multiple projects Improve resource management; we have no overall planning, hence it;s unclear what we can/need to spend time on; No priorities are set, as it is unclear where bottlenecks are
First focus on the activities that should be done and later make "transitions" according to the activities. I understand it is good to start from somewhere but it is better to have the whole picture. More focus on how to improve basic processes and less on advanced technologies which can be applied after there is an order in the basic processes. Improve the data and process related to collecting and owning the data.
Take on Agile approach and Industry 4.0
Have a beter overview on what happens on the workfloor vs nice talks thru corporation communications (corporation communication => great workplace/ideal jobs | workfloor : no appliance of  corporate communication / poor level of commitment in MSD way of working)
Making sure department managers do not play politics with safety and compliance. By politics I mean having a manager more worry about protecting how people will perceived them because taking a non popular decision or compromising on how we manage safety or compliance issues because they don't want to hurt feelings of managers in other departments (Having a leader or leaders more worry about their calibration or how they are perceived by other people is dangerous).  Also, when a managers in different departments are more worry about managing budget all year around sends the wrong message of what its our mission. Budget is just one thing but should not be are absolute focus throughout the year.
Diversity, Support the speak up culture and innovation in all areas
Remove barriers and restrictions from ITRMS to support efficient IT and business processes. Invest in Enterprise Data Management for product related attributes from R&D to Manufacturing and Commercial to comply with EMA SPOR.
support learning and create opportunities
providing people with opportunities to grow and acknowledging the skill set
Work life balance
Encourage positive leadership and communication
Do more internal for drug substance then have most of the portofolio production at third parties
I am happy with MSD and how they look after me.
Ensure that we are able to operate with fully resourced teams especially with all of the integrations coming
Make sure to make the communication better between different departments, making sure that MSD will still remain one big family and not just different neighbours living on the same street :)  Also provide education when new work-tasks are required to prevent unnecessary stressful events for the people in the company.
continuously implement the principles  of new ways of working. it really helps the employees especially in our current situation.  with the current situation hope the company can explore employee working anywhere, anytime :)
Reduced the complexity, lost appox 40% efficiency completing activities in manufacturing over the 10 years with new systems and technology introduced, improve training. Confirm training complete and new personnel fully trained before moving trained personnel to new areas. We are continuously setting people up to fail, (sink or swim).
Needs to re-address the resources and expectations of work/life. We are being given tools/advise (which is appreciated) on the how best to navigate and handle the current situations of workload but there is no improvement or seem to be an end goal.  I can visibly see colleagues (and recognize myself) struggling to maintain this. Appreciate we are needing to work out how to manage this better but we are not looking at the route cause. Concerns for longer term - this is not going to result in a motivated/energized/productive workforce.   The people at MSD are what make it a great place to work.
Roles and responsibilities of each individual (including managers) should be well defined.
to increase compensation to match our efforts and increase employees' benefits such as flexi amount
To explain their vision of the future of MSD better and to be more proactive in explaining to employees where MSD sees them in the future of our changing company. What the future holds for employees currently selling products which will be off patent in a couple of years.
New product inclusion is very much necessary
As the situation right now, we need to find ways how to improve employee's current knowledge. Outside trainings are held due to pandemic. Technician have not undergo any training resources to improve their self. Leaders need to understand that multi-tasking is not always the option to save cost. Hiring less head count will not improve the department. We need to change also as the company change.
It would be great to have access to Online Education Platforms like Coursera or LinkedIn Learning and to be able to master new skills.
allow more progression and more permanent jobs
Avoid customization of business strategic initiatives
Stick to one strategy and mission and budget + resource it appropriately to enable it for success. Constantly any new high leadership "must-do" project is coming in which hit same FTE and distracting from other Fortify/ Expedition 25 assignments. Teams are overly stretched with competing priorities since years. The extra mile is the normal way of working.
great improvements can be made on the shopfloor when the people are trained more and are given the time to perform their job well. a lot of deviations occur currently because of lack of training and lack of time to do things right first time. the deviations cause a strain on both the shopfloor and the supporting teams as well, as there is little time for improvements. this can be improved by hiring enough fte to the job right first time and by training them right in a more structural manner with the tools available. The tools to train people are sufficiently available, but there is often not enough to utilize them. There may also not always be enough incentive to utilize these tools. Once training and quality of work are under control, efficiency can be improved.
Look into packages paid by other pharma companies in the market
Stay strong as now and trust people who are working in the company. This is a great place to work with a great mission behind and in the future
focus in the development of the people, having an effective development plans
Canteen in Dublin Biotech is very expensive and food is not a great standard for shift workers on nights/weekends
With everyone working remotely - and the likelihood that this will continue to be the case - it would be helpful to have upgraded technology to deal with this - eg. improved laptops / phones. In addition, there are still too many systems / platforms (at organisational level and within GCTO specifically) which do not interact cohesively - this leads to duplication in tracking / management of activities and to having multiple sources of information which may / may not be current.  Simply put: The technology should be a tool to support the mission, not be a hindrance to navigate to get to the goal.
Inform employees of any opportunities for learning and development within the Company as well as externally.
Be more agile and customer focused
1- Having more 360 reviews about leadership 2- Being more flexible when it comes to innovative ideas 3- Reducing the complexity of different processes
Becoming carbon negative and ensuring our suppliers and industry partners do the same - let's set the bar high. Using our data driven technologies in AH, how can we innovate to limit the negative impacts of agriculture on biodiversity and ensure sustainable and regenerative food production for the worlds ever growing population.
- Should ensure Employees well being at home is not effecting there job performance  - ensure more face to face visit (COVID compliant) for new start in first few weeks of onboarding  - restrict / encourage lack of email access at certain times of the day
Keep focus on patients, products portfolio and well being of employees in MSD
With this pandemic, it has proven that a lot of positions could basically be based from home and work from home basically do not impact productivity for many.  As such, perhaps the strategy of office rental should be relook as the savings from office rental could be used for more value-added areas like research.  Thanks.
balance between work and personnal life
Standard Work and make systems simple. there are too many systems, too many systems lead to lack of knowledge and swim lane approaches. There is often a perception of too much corporate responsibility for sites to manage this causes a disconnect from site directorship responsibility and active engagement with their own site. Simply and standardize through the roll out of training via an operating system that becomes the common language.
It will be good if MSD would help promote the right amount of work/life balance in our IT group.  it would also be great if more efforts towards building a just career plan are put in place to ensure the adequate resources would want to stay on, and grow their careers at MSD.
open even more on giving place for safe speak up and testing new ways of working; introduce more of a new technologies to our every day work
The company always talks about strategy and corporate culture, but appears to be doing very little to actually enforce it. As long as people just nod along in meetings and trainings, they are free to do the exact opposite, without having to fear any repercussions. This primarily creates a culture of dishonesty.
prioritise resources more effectively and support staff under pressure better.
People are moved/rotated among positions without a proper transition/backfilling training taking place. There is no metric of meaningful measure to highlight this. Although managers would not readily admit it, there are only token 'training plans' put in place. the policy appears to me 'move first' and lets deal with the fallout after. We need to manage this aspect of our business much better, e.g. a period where the person moving and the new person overlap whilst experience is being built.
streamline the processes and enable the modern technology to replace many legacy systems we still have in Merck.
I think that MSD should work with great flexibility.
Identify the right person for the right job depending on the qualifications and experience.  Be open about the various opportunities within the team and give an equal opportunity to its employees.
Better work life balance
Improve communication channels and accountability
listen to people take suggestions onboard
Post spin : allow staff some time to take stock and revisit work items that had to be re-prioritised to get us to spin.
I am fully satisfied  being working in MSD - Great Place to work
Continued look at staffing (sufficient/insufficient) to ensure teams are resourced for success
Embrace Agile quick decision making. Decision making is too slow, too many decisions are reviewed by committee, revisited numerous times, slightly modified and re-reviewed by committee to no added benefit
I’m very satisfied with the company way
Internal policy review on remote working (even after the pandemic) Move from Pilot approach to a Sprint approach. Meaning our company needs to start compromising on solutions to be scaled asap, rather then keep testing and piloting new capabilities
recharge days, better pay (UK pay is below average for certain roles), ability to be promoted and grow professionally
align SIP and AIP and take care of a more flexible HR policy
remove non value added work - example tracking metrics from multiple platforms - using excel sheets to issue and track metrics , these need to be centralized and standardized . there is alot of time wasted gathering metrics
need to analyse the situation of if I would be in the shoe of the employee at different level working to deliver our objectives with limited resource and time.
MSD should continue to promote actively and invest on Diversity and Inclusion within the company in order to maintain its leadership and to remain a true global company.
Dare to take more measured risk, think out of box, global vision/view rather than heavily US centred, equal opportunities for people out of US
Actually implement some work/life balance measures. Working from home with global colleagues no consideration of lunch times/bio breaks. Our kids have all had such traumatic time with lockdown and now adjusting to the new nromal - we need to reset expectations - we are working more than ever. Everyone has different situations and i think its important to be able to switch off and de-stress. This needs to come from top down.
Simplify processes and policies especially towards compliance assessment which MSD should have integrated enterprise system and tools rather to have functional compliance assessment that slowing down business needs.
In some areas there are excessively complicated multilayered systems and procedures in which actions are sometimes greatly impeded.
allow employees to concentrate on their own job, far too much farming out employees to other project work that they have to find time to support and complete their own day to day tasks.
Prioritise ruthessly Ensure equal distribution of work across groups based on headcount and available resources less focus on strategy and more focus on culture
They should listen to the people who are actually working on the floors to see what the issues are. People will continue to leave because the pay is not as high as other companies around this plant.
More resources invested into digital content especially for MSD connect if MSD wants the platform to be a valued resource for HCPs as at the moment I do not think there is sufficient valuable content to attract professionals to the site.
Be clear on the impacts that Brexit and the moving of production to Europe will have on our future in the UK. The current "everything is fine" message conflicts with the fact that Milton Keynes (uk) products are to be produced in Krems and Salamanca
Invest is site facilities, Site Gym
I feel our benefits system is being eroded; Mylife my choice has removed our Store cards so we cannot transfer a specific amount out of our salary each month, really miss this benefit.   Investment in our Health such as MSD contribution to Gym membership would be excellent.   Giving everyone their birthday off and an extra day off to say thank you to MSD workers (implemented at GSK JP Garnier day) for their hard work during this Covid 19 Pandemic. Resourcing the Countries adequately to ensure good work life balance.     When we are ou
I feel MSD is a great place to work and I have the flexibility that I need. I would like to remain working from home while my children are small.
Enable more transparency in decision making processes from the LT.
I feel there is a direction toward female promotion for the sake of diversity . Yes I’m in favor for diversity but with giving fair opportunity in promotion between male and female
Company should provide four wheeler for field colleagues for working.
Do some favour for employees at this time because we have been missing our family more than 2 years already
In my opinion we are heading there (great place to work) with all the simplified flow process on how we doing things that we are planning and doing, I'm hoping that we keep that so in the future we will have more efficient and effective way on how we do our jobs.
Leverage on digital technologies to ease workload so that resources can be better managed to increase efficiency.
I am deeply touched about the amount of energies and initiatives MSD (MSD-BARDS especially), via our management, invest in making us a community. Sharing is stimulated beyond what is strictly related to the business needs: for example BARDS-chat, coffee morning, groups where we share our interests.  Keep nurturing this "sense of belonging".
Increase compensation plan to be aligned with multinational companies at the same level. Inclusion team members in several projects for business and development objectives. Improve and clarify career ladder foe MSD employees.
1. To support people more to be more equipped when it comes to delivering their work specially when they are new as we don't have a systematic on boarding system , you have to reach multiple sources in order to get your answer .. no clear reference point  2.to have a clear developmental plan for people to match their current competencies , not necessary promotion but for any next role there should be a clear communication with the person on what he or she is good at and what to expect as a next role matching his/her competencies   3.Support Mental health more
I belive that the steps that MSD is taking are the right one.
Do not try to force global ideas as "one fits all" approach. Sometimes more individual approach at local level would be much more effective.
1. Stop the constant restructuring (any job security would be welcomed) 2. Start investing in the employee development (clear and reliable promotion requirements) 3. Involve employee representative to LT decisions. It is obvious that some decisions need to be made in a closed office but consulting those with "Employee Representative to LT" would make us feel involved.
Make bigger moves into digitization. AS a company I feel we are behind other companies in the industry, and definitely other world leaders in other industry. every time an opportunity arises to bring in new technology and digitization, there's a reason to not do it, this seems to be the only reason that matters, not the 10 reasons for doing something. I feel this poses a long term risk to our company.
MSD was my 2nd home once but right now MSD is a just work place like other industry, i dont feel sense of belonging here. MSD should see all the Division in a same manner.  MSD should retain basic benefits for people working, Eg. canteen charging 30 cents for the spoons..
Embrace change! Look at how Organon has been setup and then look to reuse some of solutions/processes within MERCK/MSD.
Ensure the flexibility provided and required by both the company and employees to manage work and home life through the Covid19 pandemic is not removed/taken away or forgotten about once life starts to return to normal.   The company should work to allow more flexible work arrangements to retain working parents, increased access to shorter working weeks and allow for cover to enable these arrangements.
In view of the world we now live in and being in virtual contact with colleagues but still getting work done despite all the challenges of balancing family life. I think MSD should consider employees with families and dependants without sounding prejudice but encouraging them to be autonomous with their time and commitment to work without compromising on the quality of their work but encouraging and empowering them to work with a reasonable autonomy on the diaries and take some downtime to re-focus with full remote working being an option for many that will want to take the opportunity to keep what has now been a norm of balancing work and personal life within the same time period having adjusted to this way of working for a long period.
Better communications around new initiatives which have a significant impact on ways of working. More effort to help collaboration within and external to sites.
Higher more staff and have multiple staff in hi work areas at all times.
Build a clear company-wide framework for working from "where-ever" in the post-covid world, once site restrictions are lifted. Incorporate guidance on working from home safety, ergonomics etc into standardised policy.
More flexibility on the working locations (home based / office) Promote more rotaitons among funcitonal areas and departments Hiring for the future, not simply to fill the current gap
Get rid of the hierarchy that is stoping the emergence of ideas and creativity
MSD is doing a great job but I believe that more efforts should be put on the learning and development of its employees
I am very proud to be part of MSD family ,it is great place to work.
They are doing great job
We expect to have good environment of working which we can contribute more for Company and we expect that company can  have  more success in future !
From a Brinny point of view, one area of concern which I feel needs to be thoroughly reviewed by senior leaders... would be balancing the upcoming cost & headcount challenges versus workload & projects to be completed. I think if we can make improvements here it would greatly support us in our work life balance efforts.
Coming to office should be only on need to come basis and not a daily requirement
Improve the digitalisation. More precise: introduction of TMS (Transport Management System).
Keep lines of communication open, allow flexibility of where we work when Covid improves
Keeping the lines of communication open by using surveys like this one is key, as being able to anonymously offer feedback allows relatively junior employees to honestly state concerns that may be more difficult to openly address.
I know this is a tough one, but find a way to avoid back to back meetings as it makes it very difficult to actually be productive. I feel a lot of meetings aren't necessary and could simply be replaced by a short exchange of emails..  When it comes to mandatory compliance training programs, it would be nice to have a charitable incentive. For example, each completion would equate to 5 trees being planted. Such an incentive would also help offset the  carbon footprint we generate. Just an idea : )
should have more empowerment at Associate Director Level versus director level in GES
Due to Merck and MSD processes, projects have not been delivered on time and additional costs have been acquired on behalf of Merck and MSD. Merck and MSD should focus on how we can avoid this going forward, and find more agile working solutions.
Be more direct about racial issues. Move from the middle of the road talk to requiring action at all levels, period. Let people be uncomfortable because frankly the minority groups are already uncomfortable.   And please take an active step on mRNA technology before we end up like Blockbuster
Paying attention to employee recognition and appreciation and having a special way to recognize and honor good work. Giving employees the freedom to learn and grow Excellent communication between management and staff.
Listen to the people!
Invest in the internal enablers: MRL, CMC capacity to accelerate pipeline and registrations. We may be missing important opportunities to bring our therapies to patients earlier. Also the increasing stretch on teams size may disrupt our therapeutic/scientific/business knowledge and our ability to interact and build trust with customers
Need to show bigger support and care towards CRAs.
Hiring more people in the lab do decrease stress due to high turnover. Pay more per hour for college graduates then what non-college employees make.
Acquire new robust and strategic products to have a balanced portfolio as we are globally dependent on Keytruda for company vitality. To balance and benchmark in some procedures Vs. other multinational Amaerican and European companies. To balance between procedure and business. To have more support when we are adding more tasks and more steps in current daily work when we received updated SOPs
A fitness facility or gym membership discount for employees in the Durham, NC locations would be a helpful benefit for employees.
Find a way to improve the employees mental health due to the new challenging working from home
Ensure that managers are doing 1:1s with their employees on a regular, consistent basis to build a culture of trust to enable people to feel safe to speak up which will also ensure people feel valued and heard.
Make sure people do not burn out.  Pandemic and transformation fatigue is real.  We should assess the amount of work we expect people to deliver on in the short term AND drive transformation.  Transformation work and learning new things are on top of old work. Can we start to say in stead of, rather than on top of at some point.  Change take effort, energy, time and resource.  I hope we can acknowledge change management more.  My positive feedback to leaders are more than negative.  I see leaders truly modeling the way in the communication, however, taking work out of the system does not seem to go as fast and that is ok as long as we adjust expectations and recognize reality.  We are not where we were but also not where we want to be.  It will be good to hear senior leaders be more clear and detailed about this.   We do customer journeys and patient journeys, could we do employee journeys better?
Simplify processes !!
My suggestion would be to engage with collegues of all levels and communicate their MSD work life story to outside the company in aiding recruitment and showcasing how MSD is a great place to work
Better adjust compensation to market Compensate employees for using their personal hime broadband and equipment for working from home
IT infrastructure needs further review to ensure not only better security but enhance user satisfaction also this includes internal and external users also. there is a lot of discussion about diversity and racial inequality, however this needs to be approached from a non centralist approach, senior and value driven roles should be available outside the US to all team members, recognition of the international accomplishments of our company should be recognised more positively
Continue to invest in Talent development.  Set tangible leadership direction as part of our company wide trasnformation.  Continue to monitor and influence the culture in the company to ensure positive growth for the people and the company.
Keep talent employees and build strong teams to build strong early pipeline for the future. Senior managers should spend more time to think about it and find out where the issue is and how to address those issue.
Perhaps, I can suggest to invest more in people and recognize our daily hard work and contributions to the success of  our company.
More resourced IT and better learning support and opportunities for the individual whilst working from home and definitely lots more pro-active team or departmental sessions
To challenge all initiatives which make MSD focus on even more internal work instead of external work. To make Empowerment come true, everything does not need to be checked/approved all the time.  Be forward looking when it comes to development of diseases, therapeutic areas. Focus on the great unmet medical need in Neurology. Don't rely on too few products.
Better communication throughout each department and between departments. Communicating directly to the appropriate people. Eliminate having employees involved in areas that are not their own responsibility, so that they can focus on what is their responsibility.
Identify areas within each area where there is an opportunity for optimization, streamlining, simplifying and increased networking
To treat employees on the same job position across the globe equally taking into consideration job description, and its complexity and accomplishments and not on the basis of sales that has been made by the market where the employee works.
Become more proficient in asking questions to users on how to make things work more efficiently and effectively.
I still see discrepancies in salaries from functional groups within our department (brand new hires with same level of experience receiving different amounts) and question that we are competitive for existing employees' salaries with others in the industry.
Consider reviewing the no compassionate access policy particularly for our Oncology treatments especially in indications where we have lost NICE Cancer Drugs Fund access e.g. 2L AUC.
To help with work-life balance and build on the concept of summer Fridays, if the company offered a 4-day work week of 10 hour days from Monday to Thursday and have Friday's off, that would help a lot of individuals. Many of us already work 10 hours a day, (or more) especially since we are working from home and "checking in" even during the late hours. Other companies have implemented this concept already and have found that employees are even more productive since they are given an extra day of rest. This would be a big step to making Merck stand out from other similar companies who already have half-day Fridays even for the full year.
More diversity
Diversity and Inclusion is creating a lot of talk.  Now is time to see real change and equality.  Why not publish some hard figures, measure MSD and really improve.  Walk the walk, rather than talk the talk.
Company always have to consider the employees health,wealth and benefits. Company must consider the valuable employees,promotion and benefits.
Make work-life balance a priority.
Actively re evaluate shift patterns on a year to year basis and consider the suggestions by the operators. Employees should benefit from taking on multiple tasks instead of one person being overburdened without the reflection in job title/pay
Continue to innovate and create medicines that people need.
Simplify business processes.There are to many systems to control other systems which must be completed, our work ends up being to filling systems to simplify the work of others people and this doesn't benefit the own work, In fact, remains little time to perform the tasks of the position.
I have done a lot the past year to go above and beyond my current role and pay grade. When reviews came around, I was told how great of a job I did and how I excelled both in my daily work and outside of my normal tasks. This however, was met with no promotion or recognition outside of my review. I feel in-line promotions keep employees happy and working harder. More employees are willing to go above and beyond if they know their work will be recognized more with either a promotion or some sort of recognition (if a promotion is not deemed necessary/too early for promotion in current role). I was very discouraged this year when I didn't get a promotion, but was doing '2 pay grades above me' type work and dealing with global level issues. I am one of the only people in my daily job to be at such a low role, yet in such important and high visibility meetings. I am not in a rotational program, so nothing should be holding my manager back from giving me the promotion I feel I deserve.
support the home office with proper equipment
keep the current great practice and try to find out new innovative ways to keep people highly engaged as usual
increase mentorships and secondments as they are a great way to explore other opportunities for growth and development in the company across divisions
Options for work schedule preferences / being able to choose your own hours or days.
We need a to continue strengthening a broader pipeline to ensure that current employees have a role in the future at Merck ad MSD.
I believe that Merck is an excellent employer, keep doing what you are doing!
Continue to provide work/life balance. As a fully remote employee, I have had a hard time lately with very long work days.
Continue to focus on science and delivering new medications.  The years we got of course and only offered me too drugs and combinations of things were some of the worst years for our company.  If you want to be the leading oncology company by 2025 you need to offer a pay and bonus structure that aligns with this goal.  The current pay structure will not get you there.
I believe that particularly during the last 14 months with Covid MSD have been exceptional in keeping their employees informed on all developments internally and externally but in particular in my own business unit, the support and encouragement to try new ways of working and to upskill us in order to feel confident to work in this the next normal has given me the confidence to adapt to new situations and try new things, I am proud to say I work with MSD
create and highlight opportunities or job advancement.
Bring new products to our Product portfolio, provide flexibility to engage HCPs
Why we apply internal job need to improve our carrier , experience , improve knowledge and learn new role. Merck and MSD posing internal job. we applying and atten interview selected for the post after my manager never relieve me to move new environment work area . our effort and time waste better consult with relevant manager select the technician.
I did not answer some questions due to the timing of our new manager- to soon to judge fairly
Take more proactive steps to make the business more environmentally sustainable. Be more open to change.
We continue to exploit our employees' commitment to our mission to the detriment of their health and wellbeing.  This is unsustainable and unfair.  Of course we need to drive bottom line growth but resource capacity is at breaking point and is creating pressure that I fear is becoming a mental health timebomb.  I wish I had a solution but somehow we need to find a way to build more capacity into our workforce.
Merck needs to learn from the Organon experience and focus solely on its future, and not the future of another separate company.
Integrate internal knowledge and AI technology with minding technology to discover new drug potential. Integrate all employee as whole with a great philosophy about Merck.
I would urge leadership to consider Merck's reputation (I believe they do that) and the reputation of the pharmaceutical industry in general. Merck is unique among pharmaceutical companies. And there's only so much we can do. But DTC advertising is REALLY bad for our industry. People hate us, and DTC advertising is part of the reason. It's the hardest part of my job - sitting through endless drug adds on TV every time I want to watch something. Consider that fact. That's the hardest part of my job, and the aspect that most makes me consider a different career. Perhaps Merck could make an effort to differentiate itself. Take a stand the way Ken has on some other issues. "As a company, we feel DTC advertising does more harm than good. That's why we as a company have chosen to forego this advertising and spend that money reaching out to patients in other ways and funding R&D. Even if this costs us profits, we feel it's the right thing to do. At Merck, patients come before profits."
Refocus on our #1 priority of supplying medicines and vaccines to our customers.  There is a large disconnect between leadership and the shop floor that introduces inefficiencies and barriers to making our products.  While this year many have worked from home, that is not where our products are manufactured.  Consider what our customers care about and then evaluate if our work truly contributes to adding value for them.    Focus on mental safety of teams ensuring that resources are applied to areas that make, test, and disposition product to destress those individuals.
support flexibility in working arrangements after pandemic - meaning, supporting working from home for colleagues who wished to work from home more than from office and supporting flexible hours (focus on job done rather than when it is done).
to promote equal opportunity to all - including minority groups and aged individuals
appropriately resource projects, a lot of stress comes from having to constantly resource projects and drop routine requirements
I do not have any ideas for that right now. Although, I did find some statements in the diversity/inclusion training to directly contradict each other. It should be re-checked to ensure that the explanations do not leave anything open to interpretation that would cause confusion.
Merck should understand that the world is changing and there is a need to be more flexible with how we work, which has become extremely apparent as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.  It will be important to support people and be cognizant challenges they are facing outside of work if we want to retain key talent.
Simplify the business and how it operates where possible, whilst continuing to create a diverse and positive working environment.
Encourage employees when doing thing get right like rewards
As we come out of COVID-19 and return to normal look would be good to review what worked well during COVID and keep this in place going forward at some level, specifically working remotely to support and allow flexibility for employees
Listening to employees more in a psychologically safe environment for everyone to speak up. Creating opportunities to expand knowledge, collaborate, and build capabilities beyond current role so that we all feel that we are progressing. Sense of progressing is a key to retain and attracts talent.
The Durham site is becoming very large, and yet there is no gym, childcare, or other amenities located in other Merck sites.  The more a site offers its employees the happier they are which means an added effort into daily tasks.  The lack of such amenities means people want to leave work earlier to get their children or go to the gym.  If this site provided these resources the employees would be willing to stay and work longer hours.
Encourage employees by providing inspire points and coach to improve the employee performance.
Continue to ensure that the value of our people resources is maintained.
Instead of actually addressing or resolving issues of diversity and inclusion, there is a lot of doing things to state Merck is doing things. Merck is a fairly diverse workplace, but there are certainly places for improvement, instead of addressing those we seem to be focused on things that are not necessarily value added. Also there is a cost to promoting diversity and inclusion the wrong way, if it ends up alienating larger groups. Diversity and inclusion is not specific to race or gender, it should include everything age, background, where people grew up, what kinds of schools they went to, etc. Diversity across all different spectrums will bring the most varied problem solving skills and the most diverse ideas to the workplace, this is both morally correct and advantageous from a business perspective.
Continue to transform process and remove roadblocks.  Identify root cause issues and do not implement quick fixes to resolve problems
Reduce bureaucracy, complexity and redundancy. Focus on external customers. COVID-19 has worsened customer focus even more. Assess if resources are focused on priorities. An example, how much time is available and dedicated for interactions with HCP? Assess if MSD is perceived as an innovation leader or not, and why. Is MSD progressing in Innovation as fast as competitors? - in the eyes of the customers, not internally. What are the barriers?.  Diversity & Inclusion: Review if some groups are not considered in the diversity and inclusion initiatives. For example, are there initiatives for senior employees or only for Millennials and Gen Z?
Merck and MSD should carefully select leadership. I feel that  most leaders that I have served under at Merck, are not concerned about employee development. The focus is on the work getting done and the leader maintaining their role. A leader's role is to: lead by example, employee development, value opinions, to win respect and trust, develop team strengths and improve weaknesses. Also, an effective leader's success is about helping others grow and not being intimidated by their employee's experience. Just as the leader is in a leadership role, I feel that a good leader should be developing individuals to one day take their leader's role. It's discouraging when you're on a team and you're pushed to the side, unable to train on new things because your leader feels a certain way about your experience. Also, when your experience is downplayed and you're stuck in a position unable to grow and develop. Great leaders  should always focus on diversity and inclusion to ensure a success.
keep so safe and health work together for future msd
Offer some additional  work-life  flexible job roles.  Some jobs where we could work from home 2 or 3 days a week and others where they are majority of the times working remotely.   Maybe offer a management  training program.  Also, a lot of our customers have weekend hours and they are not as busy on the weekends.  Maybe  once a month we should have some flexibility to work on a Saturday(or Sunday) and trade it out with another day that month. Essentially, swapping work days.  The doctors offices and our work environments are changing.  This change might also bring in more business for customers that otherwise normally would have been missed.
To continue enhancing a speak up culture, as well as an environment which accepts and values different perspectives on company's mission and objectives.
It would be great focusing on retaining the talents in the company while continuing new recruitments.
provide roadmap on when it is planned for employees to return to sites and what this will look like in the future (for example will it return to pre-covid numbers on site or always be reduced now).
Work on employee retention.
Diversity and quality of life.
People often get thrown in the deep end when they first start with the company, so having a list of the relevant websites or locations for essential training/onboarding, would be a huge advantage.   Managers often have difficulty maintaining a good work/life balance and that contributes to higher turnover.  Create a means of maintaining that balance, encourage them to take regular breaks, but also have the cover needed for those breaks.
Stronger commitments to racial and social justice causes in the US and around the world.
Growth path and progression plan to be executed
Still too much complexity . Need to be much more focused on eliminating complexity and waste which would free up resources, enable improved compliance, improve employee experience  and deliver value for customers
Provide structure and guidelines to help employees take a stronger stance around finding balance. Taking days off has become very hard and I feel obligated to review emails/be available for important calls in a way I never did before. Additionally, I am in meetings all day and have to work at night to get through emails. I understand why this is occurring (lack of hallway conversations and no physical change in my day) but would appreciate if there were some guidelines around how to best structure the day or restricting meetings at certain times of the day/week.
Encourage employee by increasing salary at this pandemic
More inclusive messages, talks and engagements with employees
Stop overlooking great talent because they don't check the diversity boxes.
Don't forget about using common sense.
diminish personal/individual interpretation of company policies and SOPs
I believe a stronger focus needs to be brought to Diversity & Inclusion. EBRGs are doing a great job of raising awareness of social injustices and talking about personal experience and the emotion tolls of these issues. However, Merck as a whole does not seem to thoroughly discuss with the full company. Everyone needs to be discussing and learning, not just those who are directly affected.
give us access to learning resources like coursera web site
View employees as humans who have a life and priorities outside of work. Continue to focus on flexibility and work-life balance and supporting employees emotionally during stressful times.
Provide structured work/school flexibility for employees continuing their education while working full time.
Continue to look for opportunities to develop and promote people who consistently rise above their peer group (building culture/ performing/ strong ethics).  Be open to promotion opportunities that do not require relocation.
Please help Sourcing with MDG they are slow and causing a lot of stress.
more flexible work hours
Continue the improvements on the work culture as a whole.
Work to keep experienced personnel.
Allow permanent remote work to those who request it
Adequately resource the plant - too many people required to over extend themselves daily/on a constant basis. People are required to work beyond what they can comfortably sustain without any scope to react to upset scenarios.
Create a better sense of work-life balance for everyone.
Keep employees safe by continuing to allow WFH. WFH will keep people safe from illness and it will also improve work life balance- I believe both should be top priority for the company. A lot of people have long commutes so I think cutting down on commute time will improve the balance between work and personal life. I think the pandemic has made people appreciate life and the little things more, so giving employees more time to spend with loved ones would be great.
It's difficult for me to answer this question.  This is he best company that I've worked for in my 25 year career in Chemical and Pharma Industries.   We were fully supported during the pandemic.  From my perspective, I've seen this behavior from CEO to the floor Manager.     Flexible work schedule have been a blessing for me during the time.   We should continue to improve where needed and leverage our successes when applicable.
Merck can improve alignment for Executive objectives and compensation to focus on overall company performance and not as much silo perspective.  Pursuing Operating Unit goals (such as transfers and OpU P&L) may be at a detriment to the overall company and at times the overall visibility and conflicts between OpU/areas impacted make it challenging to get alignment on an optimum decision for the company.
Give the right employee compensation, especially when it comes to yearly increment. Whether the employee's salary has reach the ceiling or not, if the employee deserves to get high increment because of his/her performance, MSD should give that deserving salary increase of the employee.
more diversity and inclusion
To give enough human resource for the amount of job for each role. To make understandable for every people how is his/her FTE calculated.
Provide guidance on post COVID decision points for how we work.  In office; online; expectations?  Decisions are not all made and there is great uncertainty, but I believe that if management is more transparent on the options they are choosing from it would be helpful to the teams.
Keep doing what the company is currently doing. Be sensitive to employees feelings and beliefs in regards to Covid-19. The Merck Culture will need to change as it seems things will not be what they were when we left last year. Even though it will be great to see people, the people you may need to interact with may not be there the same time as yourself. But including folks by WebEx and checking up on each other has always been in the Merck Culture, which I appreciate the most.
We as a company are not acting fast enough on internal but as well external opportunities. When we have internal experts on a specific topic (biology target, past program expertise) we should be agile in staffing programs with these experts instead of assuming that everyone can do the task because everyone at Merck is a great scientist. For external licensing opportunities, we should have a system in place that would facilitate timely reviews/assessments of assets. I have been participating to multiple pre-evaluations and I am disappointed by the slow process. This can be viewed as a lack of interest by the external party.
allow working from home when is possible when Covid restrictions are over
Merck handling of everything throughout the pandemic has been exceptional, from the support for working from home, the communication across all levels and covid procedures and communications , it has for me made Merck and exceptional place to work. Returning from maternity leave during this pandemic the changes I have noticed in Merck have been amazing since I was away, systems that have been put in place to support staff , the communication has never been as strong, working from home for me has completed changed my life, from the work/life balance to more time to concentrate on my work rather than completing a two hour commute everyday so less stress, I find it so much more productive and efficient . Working from home has made Merck an exceptional place to work.
Keeping the same strategies. Congratulations and thanks for this opportunity!!!
The overall compensation package specifically salary & bonus for the field sales employees does not appear to be competitive in the industry. It’s been over 10 years since we’ve seen an increase in SIP bonus. In addition there is little to no opportunity for employees in the field. Once you reach executive level where do you go from there? AE roles are rare to find and even GIGs to develop skills are difficult for the field to land.
Implement more effective and candid action plans to address diversity and inclusion for employees. Not just for specific groups.
the work / life balance is becoming a big(ger) issue.  employees are working longer hours and the workload doesn't level out, its increasing.  ensure that we have enough people to support the increasing work.
Equal opportunity at the higher positions for ethnic and religious minorities.
Merck is already a great place to work.
Our internal 360 feedback system does not work well, there no transparency and this we need to correctify.  Maybe we should get external consultants to sit in 360 feedback so as to manage the process and prevent bias and one sided feedback. It's not safe to speak up.
Streamline/reinvent the value stream from antigen to FPP, (goal - to reduce time from raw material to FPP) Integrate GSCM to understand the resupply timing base current state and to manage inventories into the markets to prevent stock outs while capitalizing upside (goal - not to have lost sales on items not having technical issues)  Push MFG mindset into the R&D area, focus on being able to commercialize it...not just a race to launch ( goal - reduce inputs needed, understand constraints of products and testing, plan for scaling before licensing)
Work - life balance and stress have been noted as concerns in previous surveys. The response to address this is to form teams and add more work.  No work is removed or timelines adjusted to support improved balance for employees.
Provide more opportunities for employee development and career progression
give promotions to experienced technicians
There needs to be a greater effort to showcase why we are a great company as well as the ways we impact communities outside of just supplying medicine.  At the local level, this should be done at a minimum during interviews to showcase to individuals interested in working here some awesome ways that Merck/Sites improve our communities.  I think A LOT more investment could be made to improve the "Looks" of the sites.  I think that my site (Elkton) quite frankly is ugly, which translates to recruitment.  More greenery and outdoor spaces would be preferred and a small investment in technology and up to date office furniture and décor would go a long way to show that the company cares about us.  It is very common to have spaces where the dry wall is falling apart and carpets that 10 years old and covered with stains...
I think the pandemic has been difficult for everyone, but we've just continued to work extra hard and long hours. The company encourages time off to rest when people feel burnt out, but I think we need to start thinking about how to get more balance during work-days when there isn't a clear separation between work and home life, how to get more support if there's too much work for a team, or how to do more of the work that is fulfilling/fills our bucket to balance out stress.
More focus on talent retention. Adjust performance metrics - acknowledge all employees who outperform without limits on the numbers who can receive this rating.
If the company looked at the compensation plan for bonuses in the future it would be great.  Right now the benefits of a new compensation plan don’t make sense with the pandemic. But, if the plan was to improve the payout for top performers to gain a better compensation and plan it would attract and keep top performers from leaving for higher payouts.
I suggest that everyone to celebrate birthdays for the workers who are born on the same month to build closeness. The company can provide cake allowances for this.
Merck has stepped into the forefront of caring for it’s employees in both a public and very private way as they have taken a stance publicly against Racial Injustice.  Merck’s commitment to Justice, Equity, Diversity and Inclusion (JEDI) need to continue to remain a core pillar in its operating principles.  Merck is a company that sets the benchmark for other companies around the globe and we need to continue to be a beacon of hope in all that we do.
Focus more on how we can get the right patients to our life-saving medicines and less on current events and all of the things that our people may do wrong or how it may be perceived.  We need to trust, enable, and inspire the world-class people in our organization.
Happy and highly motivated employees are the most productive people.  Feedback must be valued and have an environment that is safe to speak Practice shared leadership  Encourage work-life balance Value diversity & Inclusion TRUST the employees For the managers not to think of just themselves and their own interest but also of the welfare of the people under them.
Create a development plan to help Employees Grow and Development.  Provide a first preference for internal employees to move to the next level. Support Employee gain professional growth.
Hire for more makers, less project managers. Build more in-house, so that we own the information and are able to build more knowledge, faster
I would embrace more possibilities to act faster in these highly dynamic and changing time, I feel we could be empowered to take more decisions from the bottom.
Continue the support for the employee and their family.  Programs like LifeCare and Wellthy have been an amazing benefit for many of us during the pandemic.  Continue to reassure us that we have job and benefit security like Merck has done during this entire pandemic.   It has been such a relief knowing our jobs are secure and we will weather the storm, along the way on the Animal Health side we have more than survived we have grown beyond expectation.  It would be nice to have LESS politics from our leaders, their words carry weight and it can cause us problems in the field when our CEO is so vocal and outspoken.  For every client that says your CEO is awesome we have one that considers doing business elsewhere.  Politics should not be a part of our work place.
Politics & diversity seem to be taking on more meaning and time in our environment and that concerns me.  In the past I have always felt & believed Merck had the right balance - this new focus makes me uncomfortable
My division is understaffed. There are a number of departments that support my division that are also understaffed.
Continue to find ways to trust  and empower employees.
Look at ways from a benefits stand point to help employees during trying times such as being able to maybe transfer vacation days to a co-worker in need to have the time off they could use for a family or personal crisis.
Truly apply the diversity principles and encourage difficult conversations.  Listen to understand not to deny.
ACTUALLY implement the new WOW. Hold people accountable to them.  reward those that take risks and learn from failures reward speed a bit more
Embrace different opinions
Catering to sr. management for certain decisions (e.g. hiring, org changes, etc.) slow down the needed rapid response to a quickly changing workplace.   Analysis paralysis.  Meanwhile, the rest of us struggle to address the holes in the organization and this creates stress.   I am director level, but don't feel that I have the D on certain decisions related to hiring and org changes...  TRUST that your management team is working in the best interest of the business...
I am very disappointed with the Employee Business Briefing Meeting on May 3rd, in that it was Mr. Frazier's final EBB, and there were just a few words of congratulations on Mr. Frazier being named Chief Executive of the Year.  He has been with the Company for almost 30 years, yet there was no video on his career progression through the years, nor his contributions to the continued growth, success and accomplishments of the Company.  It was a very poor showing of how to say Thank You.  It really makes you wonder how much appreciation is given to all employees.
Anything to help with job security.
Reduce the number of political statements made by leadership.
Would like to get an update on the pipeline for Merck
My comments are related to Merck not specific to my department. Be open to new ideas even when they don't seem possible/or relevant at the time - I keep a book of Bright Ideas that I have shared at different Merck workshops - many of which were not taken seriously & rarely has there been follow-up after session.  Here is one idea that I have shared: Dates Shared: 08/2014 & 09/2018 Self Vaccination/Home Vaccination  I'm sure there are policy changes and a lot of work that would go into this type of change but have we explored this , what was the result, are we taking baby steps in this direction?  Telehealth is booming.  Could doctors instruct a person on how to immunize another person?  At a minimum, RotaTeq is liquid couldn't the 2nd dose be given at home by a parent?    I would be comfortable with a family member giving me a vaccine in front of a camera with a doctor present.  During Covid, it would have led to more vaccination & less office visits.  We need be future thinking.
For Leadership to continue to think and see outside the box
Truly assess management for their actual beliefs in equality through their words and actions.    Anyone can check a box during a training.
Have managers that want to help their team grow and develop within the company and help lay out clear paths with employees to they know what to do to grow.
Hire qualified people and not just because they check a box or know someone in upper management
LISTEN!!!!!!!!!! Senior leadership is seen as out of touch with those who have done the grunt work. No way to be the number one oncology sales force without giving those who have dug the ditches a vested interest in the success of the product. People with oncology experience do not want to come work in this culture with zero vested interest in the company.  This is the reason we have so many people who have been pulled from our primary care /vaccine sales force who don’t even know  where the building where the doctor is located ,let alone the doctor. Please stop with the pension talk as it has been butchered and is no longer a reason to stay, case in point over 120 departures.  We spend more time trying to keep the new oncology rep with zero experience from leaving than we do the ones who are training the newbies . It’s bad and everyone knows ,yet the issue is never addressed.
Job security. Organizations financial gaps are always well known and published at the beginning of every year. It brings a sense of instability amongst all of us, as ‘financial gaps’ are always associated with layoffs.
keep doing the fine work
Find better ways to handle and/or eliminate redundancy across different areas of the organization.
Change to paid time off (PTO) system for vacation days and doctor visits etc.
every think now is correct, follow this direction
From what I have seen all is good. I have a great manager and nice co-workers.
Senior leaders in MRL need to be more open to change.
As we have had quite a few departures from our department which is not helpful to the company, an investigation or root cause analysis would be helpful to determine why people are leaving. These departures are very hard and stressful on those left behind to take over their projects and to train/mentor new hires who take a while to get up to speed. Our leadership doesn't seem too concerned with why people are leaving or, at least, I'm not aware if they are.
Allow the option to work from home permanently.
Continue to be a leader for Patient Health, whether it is with regards to our wholly-owned products or with whom we collaborate.
Access to laptops.  It is absolutely ridiculous to be in field sales, expected to ‘run our own business’ and NOT have access to a laptop.
Continue attracting, hiring and retaining top talent in senior leadership roles, stress company mission and vision in tone from the top.
Personally, I like working with data and improving operations/supply chain by analyzing data. Currently Merck data is siloed, and should be more centralized.  Also, in my department we are paying contractors to do visualization work for us, which limits our ability to make business improvements and visualizations if we don't have it in the budget.  My time with GE they had a large incentive to centralize all their data, and the empower employees to find, analyze, and create datasets and visualizations that made significant improvements to the business.  It could be that I don't run in the right circles at Merck, but it seems that data management and knowledge is siloed and not a priority for the business.
I agree with the new President of the company that we need to focus MRL on key objectives and priorities.  You can't accelerate multiple biologics programs without sufficient employee resources.  Everyone is overworked so then quality slips
Merck needs to continue to take steps to remove barriers to quickly meet customer needs by providing timely content to the channels customers expect. We have to do a much better job getting out of our own way with processes that make us a slow, plodding company. The main obstacle to this is the risk-averse nature of the company and the multiple compliance and legal steps that one has to go through to get anything done. We are good people at this company that do the right thing.  Finally, many of us would appreciate it if Merck would spend less time making political headlines and more headlines related to innovation, improving patients lives, and having business success
I think we need to make sure that the person who is chosen for the position is qualified.
Embrace new ways of working and ideas, better systems and platforms
Expand its portfolio through new pipelines to generate new opportunities for career pathway
Keep periodic updates on the future transformation plan in finance function , how does it impact the finance function in the next 5 years...
I have had a phenomenal experience at Merck since I started as a contractor in October 2019 and then hired full time/permanent in November 2020.  I've worked with two teams with amazing management and leadership.  I feel truly lucky to have work with the people I do and to contribute to Merck's success and helping patients.
Perhaps be more realistic in the size of the pipeline that can be supported without seriously overloading its scientists.  While some level of stress and extra effort is probably to be expected, it is hard to balance work and life when everybody is working at full capacity and we keep bringing in more projects without deprioritizing existing work.  The company encourages employees to take time off for mental well being (which is fantastic), but the pressure of fast moving programs and deadlines don't go away, so sometimes the phrase "make sure you take time off and disconnect" sounds more like lip service than a real possibility. This is particularly true in COVID times when most folks are still WFH and only steps away from their office.  A frequent complaint I hear from my colleagues is "I took a few days off but ended up working right through my vacation time".
Continue to offer flexibility to employees (remote work) so they could continue to maintain a work/life balance and stay healthy during these challenging times.
Gender equality pay.  Managers should be held accountable for our core leadership strategies.  We need to promote from within first!  We need to change what the sales model looks like.  We are stuck in the old pharma sales model.  We should embrace new ways of working remotely.
Review resource needs as new projects arise.
I have been very fortunate to have the most supportive management.  From my 1st level to my VP, they have always supported me.  Especially during this pandemic, the concern for my well being balancing a 6 year old being home was very much appreciated and I am very grateful.  Pre-Covid, I have always been supported when I suggested different ways of working and any new ideas I have brought forward and that continues through today.  We speak frequently and I am always heard.  I am very fortunate to work at Merck.
Be a corporate leader in the fight against climate change; incorporate environmental impact in all decision making; include climate change/environmental goals in corporate, divisional, and individual priorities.
Actively coach and develop people.
break silos MMD, MRL,HH it needs to be under one P&L
Attempt to streamline the location of resources or improve searches for them.
Continue to make  the workplace a safe and inclusive environment-  drive towards minimizing unconscious bias for GREATER EQUALITY  in the workplace
Remove barriers that limit our ability to do our jobs more effectively. Excellence in scientific exchange requires being informed before the discussion. Hurdles regarding what information can be shared among internal colleagues without internal training review and endorsement precludes being well informed.
Provide better and more training resources and more flexibility on better health insurance.
Enable remote working full time
Less timely processes
More open, honest communications among teammembers.  Greater feedback culture
for all divisions to follow the guidance from executive committee regarding WFH after pandemic is over.
Ensure individual contributors and first-line supervisors understand the priorities of SLT, and vice versa.
Have more SLT ON site as i think the company has lost control of the site with all the contract work around site and a lot of employees working from home
continue to work on balancing personal and working life
Clarify work from home policies, some resources leaving because we do not have clarity.
Merck and MSD really need to find a way to openly discuss and make changes so that people of a certain race or education status don't feel left behind. Most of the people at my site have been here over 15 years and there should be opportunity for everyone to grow, get promoted or learn something new.  I was on a call last week that announced a new initiative to help close this gap. I hope that everyone embraces it!
Announce return to work schedule.  Live 1S meetings 1Q 2022.
At least from what I am aware of, there are still large difference in recognizing the value of individuals when it comes to compensation.  Some is related to similarly banded roles across organizations, but some is also based on gender.  There doesn't seem to be a way to align my compensation by staying within the company, which I would like to do since I value the work and general culture, but this possibility would make a big difference in retention for me, as well as for colleagues that have shared similar frustrations.
Address those employees who are not pulling their weight on the team to allow for more balance among teams. Just because some people have a higher capacity for work doesn't mean they should be forced to work at or above their capacity to compensate for those will much lower capacity. This will lead to burn out and higher turnover which is a shot-sighted mindset. The managers and department need to take a long-term approach to their employees instead of treating them like cogs in the machine that are easily replaceable. Sending more department-wide communications, especially given the turmoil over the past year would go far in helping employees feel like they are seen as people.
- Reduce silots between departments / therapeutic area - Better projects coordination with lead alignments
No major changes are needed. I am quite satisfied with the working conditions that I am currently in.
Nothing to offer at this time.
Continue to actively encourage inclusive and diverse perspectives
Focus on impact and organize for streamlining that.
Continuously improve on Diversity and Inclusion, Truly make Diversity and Inclusion a strong pillar in overall success of the Company, invest strongly on improving technology, Invest on the culture of Continuous Improvement
Reduce the meeting burden - the number of presentations has dramatically increased since the pandemic began. It's fantastic for employees to have opportunities to present, but I feel saturated with content. It also takes up a lot of time, which affects work-life balance. Can we be more selective in terms of which meetings we are allowing? This goes for DEI meetings too - I am in favor of less of these, but with more planning and preparation. Work/family balance - it is evident in the department (Process Chemistry) that while many men have children, very few women are having children. Women express concern that they could not manage children with this job. I would think this would lead to attrition of women from the department or from Merck. I would suggest that creative strategies to address this should be explored in a series of meetings on the topic.
adding some additional resources would be great.
continue to develop new medicines and vaccines for unmet medical needs
Grow in worldwide co-creation of healthcare solutions
Reduce the number of meetings, there are far too many everyday.  With the large time constraint tied up in meetings, there is very little time to complete standard work or actions discussed in the meetings.
Stronger emphasis on work-life fit and mental health.  Management is well-intentioned here, but the overall workload is high and meeting burden makes delivering results a challenge.  Strong messaging around reducing meetings and timing them to allow for uninterrupted lab work where possible would be beneficial in this regard.
We need more external talent to modernize our application landscape, Invest in cloud engg and other innovations. Merck should up their compensation to be at par with other Pharma & other industry.  This will be helpful to keep and attract external candidates.
Focus on key talent development and match the right talent to the right roles based on skill set / ability.
Continue to build on current D&I discussions by implementing more opportunities to create inclusive work environments for all staff - especially as we move forward with returning back to the office environment later in 2021.
1. Ensure that employees have the flexibility to work from the office or from home.  2. Ensure that Merck sites have Diversity and Inclusion leads that are helping employees feel that they belong.   3. Develop mentorship programs for new employees to learn and develop 4. Give opportunities for employees to try work assignments that they are passionate about 5. Ensure that Merck sites have the latest IT technology and infrastructure to support the Digital strategy 6. Ensure Merck site's are well maintained with clean and refurbished for a welcoming work environment
show more appreciation for the essential workers that have driven the company's success in 2020
Steps I recommend are: 1. continued open communications and transparency (its been great, and creates a sense of comfort) 2. From the recent EBB, There were a number of questions about returning to work.  I suggest that be a topic for the next EBB, and even the divisional townhalls.
Be more flexible and agile for changes - change according to environment to make things work effectively and not too rigid on the KPIs
I feel very concerned about the flood of talent out of the department in a short amount of time.
Continue their D&I work and encourage managers to be more open with their direct reports and create a safe space for them to express their views.
Keep moving in a positive direction...by that I mean...listen to the reps that are out in the field making the sales.  We have many suggestions that are beneficial and marketing seems to be working on them more now then they ever have in past.  We actually know what is going on, as we are facing the customers everyday.  Field email does need some revamping, new content, more impactful and take out all of the “I’s” (book by Erin King “Digital Persuasion.”.....whoever creates these field emails seriously needs to read this book!)
Upper management in my opinion need to understand the constraints of the shopfloor and try their best to help to improve the condition so that the stress level will be reduced and more employees will be more willing to go that extra miles to deliver on our mission. After all MSD's goal is to save lives and make the world a better place to stay and not to create miserable life for the employees.
Focus on science and deliver more products to the market
Merck used to take care of all it's employees like family. Not anymore, prime example is the Corona Virus Vaccine, we are making it but still can't get it at work. I get a flu shot every year on site, why not the same for Corona.
Keeping a more rigorous schedule for building maintenance and monitoring. The issue we've been facing is that the labs we have looked at working in have not been monitored for appropriate air flow (and possibly other issues) in some time, meaning they need significant repairs before work can be done in them. This has slowed down my work significantly.
Break down silos - many departments are still working within their own silos per policies. Would be great to simplify the policies to allow for more cross collaborations (i.e. USMA policies are very restrictive and prevents interactions with CORE). Legal and compliance plays a large role and add extra layers to the conduct of business.
Accommodate diverse views from across the organization, apply fairness when it comes to opportunities and avoid favoritism
I am so please to be  part of the company.  I think we need to be careful of always using the excuse "This is how we did it before"   that has been the downfall of companies like GE, etc.    We have more than 50% or our gross income in the Keytruda basket and this will not last forever.  We have the structure for a GREAT company, we just need to continue our path towards greatness.
continue to make employees feel part of the companies mission
Encourage from he top down, that just because this is the way we have always done it, doesn't meant there is not room to transform and make better.
get rid of mediocre managers, hire better managers.
reduce politics and favoritism in managing workforce; use objective measures to judge performance rather than appearances or assumed potential
Economic Support Work Stability Perception Low down the workload Provide equipment to work from home
Not limit our interactions with customers which results in losing the ability to share our message which affects patients
right now, there are too many irrelavant trainings that one must spend time on. Is there a way to tailor trainings to a job role? Also, there are way too many emails from various email groups distracting my attention. I disable email alert most of the time, but sometime, I expect a respond so I can't disable the alart. Is there a way to restrict emails not directly impacting my project works, e.g. compny updates, town hall meetings, software updates, training alerts, etc, to a specific time (say 5pm) so we can deal with them all at once, instead of being distracted every 10 minutes. It is hard to concertrate on your work with these distractions.
increase benefits :)
In the future do a  better job of balancing restrictions on customer access to customer needs.
Continue to openly communicate and place the right people in the right roles
Fix Discovery Chemistry or just get rid of them and use the money to buy in our pipeline
Continue to drive toward cultural change to enable dynamic drug discovery
focus on research and pipeline.
Improve and modernize our systems (IT, manufacturing, HR) to stay current but also bring employees along. Most new system roll outs lack the communication, training and testing period to ensure people know how to work in the new formats. We tend to rely heavily on learn as you go or be left behind.
Recognize the endless hours people have been putting in while working from home, days start earlier and end later.  Have better clear decision trees in upper management.  Improve management career advice
Merck thus far has been one of the best places I have ever worked. Very transparent and informative.
I think MRL should expand its hiring to include more recent graduates with just an undergraduate degree. As a recent graduate and hire with just my B.S., I feel scientists and engineers at my education level have more to offer than what MRL is currently leveraging. This last pool of new hires included more R1's than Pharm Sci. usually has, and I hope MRL in general continues on this path. Not only do we offer a unique perspective, but we can also have a longer career with Merck and tailor our growth to fit the company's needs, including any advanced degrees we may pursue in the future.
Lead by example by promoting good work-life balance.  Managers too often send emails after hours / on weekends, promoting a culture a poor work/life balance .  Vacation time is too often unused, and should somehow be forced / strongly encouraged in some cases.
1, Keep on with the HR strategies  like: rainbow alliance, NGN,  etc,  Improve access strategies to deliver on our mission
Continue to create a workplace where people work in harmony and feel part of an innovative corporate culture like Merck and MSD is now.
I feel Merck and MSD do take the steps to be visual and contribute to some of the outside negative things going on now in our country. I think Mr. Frazier is an excellent leader of Merck as well as a gentleman and a well spoken individual. He will be missed.
Give support when its needed to provide work balance including additional resources to ensure to maintain capacity capabilities and satisfaction.
Ensure we have department leaders managers that possess the needed leadership and interpersonal skills
Merck provides several different opportunities that makes it a great place to work and to deliver on its mission.
Unfortunately, I feel that over the past few years, my workload has increased significantly due to COVID. I continue to work on site daily. However, due to the reduced site presence, I am constantly required to pull information or provide support on multiple things that those who are working from home would have done in the past. The burden for the people on site continues to increase and I feel resources are not appropriately allocated to provide support. Due to this my work/life balance has also worsened, which makes it difficult for me to work a 40 hour week or take vacation time. I am often forced to come in early or stay late just to have the time to complete required tasks, since most of my days are taken up by meetings or supporting other personnel due to the limitations on site presence. Prioritizing timely head count increases would help, especially when people leave a group. Lastly, improved compensation for those who are on site and contribute more would be appreciated.
rotation of senior managers from other areas to cross pollinate and break down silos
MSD is doing a great job on this subject. Maybe more aggressive change management, eliminating the silos and let the flow of information between all areas free (for positions that need data analytics)
Allow RMSDs to have the ability to get higher positions when available...train the RMSDs for higher positions or other positions in other areas when come available
Recommend to make flexi work hours and flexi location based on job nature a permanent way of working; this will increase our productivities in both work and personal lives.
Strengthen our pipeline.  Make work from home permanent, if preferred by employee Limit travel, if not needed and provide strong ROI.
Continue to support alternative working arraignments - to support better work life balance. Continue to grow talent!!
require mandatory trainings for major system changes such as Ariba implementations so that Merck can effectively leverage the benefits of technology and system upgrades quicker
Prioritize work and resource the priorities, to include lower priorities being deferred and not resourced
Management to provide clear expectations
Continue with efforts to communicate plans to all and keep lines of communication open across the various areas of Merck.
Job security.
thinking in more benefits to the employees. Update the Inspire tool to be consistent across countries
Be open to different arrangements on how many reps cover one territory.  Don’t go with a ‘one size fits all’ approach.  Match the number of reps to what the territory needs based on customer access and needs.
Allow flexible working location. I could be working from Europe from example due to a family situation. Provide that flexibility.
1. Merck runs way to lean - not enough support staff. 2. Wish we had more time to spend selling product and not spending so much time juggling all the action items.   A great example, we are being very strongly pushed to get 2 attendees to attend a CE event this week.   I feel over the last year I spend more time selling non product directives.   I get that some of these activities provide pull through but when the effort takes significant time away from meeting with customers about our products and solutions...... you get the idea.    It seems sometime like marketing has never been in the field and doesn't understand reps needs.
Keep on inviting people from all perspectives to contribute, continue to listen to employees' needs and keep an open mind, keep up the good work!
Continue to support D&I initiatives and WOW and recognize teams/people that model this behavior.
Continue to explore and utilize different ways of working at all levels
Increase opportunities and transparency for promotion pathway.
Increase the pay to compete with other companies and the rising cost of living in the RTP.  Stable work force so the current work force does look for other opportunities.  Low head count is causing undue burdens and stress with the current workforce.
Refresh management culture. There is little to no room for new ideas in current leadership. There is no motivation to bring forth new ideas and accelerate innovation because management is a closed off echo chamber of older, white men. Merck talks a lot about being inclusive, but there appears to be little of those policies in practice. If Merck wants to retain younger talent, leadership needs to think about how they interact with the people that develop/execute the products services that comprise this business, and plan for longer term workforce sustainability.  I struggle to see a future at Merck because there are limited examples of technical staff that work their way up; management appears to mainly be composed of brands that were acquired or outside hires. Moving up in pay bands or position appears to be insurmountable, despite outperformance on annual priorities. Overall, the employee engagement and retention practices are poor.
Open discussion/ transparence Employee input. Allowing the employees to share their knowledge and suggestions keeps them engaged. Treat fairly all employees
Hire enough personnel to stop dumping any new initiative on CRAs.  We hear constantly how stressed managers are from being dumped on and micromanaged and it all flows down to be dumped on the lower people on the rungs.  There is no possible way to have a work-life balance at Merck.  Upper management talks like it is important but reality is that it is not important.  I hear so many people in my role looking for jobs elsewhere that it is demoralizing.
Keep trying to ensure that a good work/life balance is kept for the wellbeing of the employees and also to keep productivity up. Try to integrate new ways of working which benefit the flexibility of work, whilst still maintaining good quality of work.  Try make things as electronic as possible. Make very clear what goals one should achieve to keep progressing.
1) Change the manner in which company treats selected few as talent because its the hard work of 60 to 70 % of the employees which translates into results and not only the work of 20% of only those who are identified as talent. 2) Be absolutely fair in the process of filling of internal opportunities which has been wrong for many years by now. 3) Better utilization of facilities to manufacture products rather than multiple under utilized facilities.  4) Use an external service provider to survey the efficiency & functioning of all the sites and submit a confidential report to the CEO.
There a lot of ongoing structural changes at the moment. This leads to massive changes in the way we work and change is very time consuming. It makes it difficult to balance to work and life outside of work especially as neither can be paused and hence gets stressful. Ways of working are implemented but not rigorously followed through.
Continue to strive for technical excellence and innovation.  Find ways to accelerate the pipeline - allow informed risk, reduce meetings and discussions about possibilities and get more time to generate actual data.
Simplify the budget process and stop trying to cut funding after an initiative is funded.
Show appreciation to the people doing the actual work!
My group is under resourced. We see people leaving but no replacements are appointed.
More investing in how managers work with different personalities on their team. My personal manager is focused on OCS/ASLAN, however, is not focused on personalities and best ways to communicate with his staff. My manager also has been very hands off when it comes to my new hire training and employee development. He is not approachable.
Continue to be open to new ways of working and finding ways to streamline our efforts.  Drive a culture where innovation and speed are rewarded
As an employee that worked on site every day since the start of the pandemic, it was very disappointing to see the AIP was cut to 87% this year.  Its hard to imagine that Merck didnt perform well in a year of a pandemic, especially with all the extra hours I worked to support covid vaccine operations.  The company needs to make more thought out decisions before rolling them out. As a manger here I was first told to discipline employees that are wearing masks when the pandemic started. I was then later told to discipline employees that refused to wear the company provided mask. I was finally told to withhold discipline regarding masks for Union employees. This back and fourth direction shows weak leadership
Flexibility in corporate compliance since we are living in a different world now.  Policies need to be revisited to ensure that patients have the ability to receive our brands.
Make it clear to the Fisher depot network that we are their CLIENTS, not the other way around. They cause an intense level of stress in almost all CSPMs. We have been dealing with issues with Fisher Germany since before Brexit. Now with Covid, we're in a MUCH worse place. There needs to be real progress with their work or more and more CSPMs will continue to leave Merck.
Remove the politics and political correctness from Merck. It's creating more of a hostile environment then its helping
Stay in tuned with the daily lives of the employees. There are so many shifts that occur within our homes & families that can impact our workload, focus and productivity. Many of us tend to compartmentalize but don't spend the proper time to ensure we are emotionally and mentally stable to handle our work (i.e. remain productive) and shift with the changes our personal lives bring. We are negotiating time off because 2 or more days means we will come back to more work - and that's just not fair. I would really like to see more flexibility with how we approach our work days and hours so that it can cause a better balance with our personal lives. Work-life balance is key but in the pandemic its truly work-life integration.
i feel that we should be able to hire people Full-time who don't have degrees but have the experience to do a specific job.  They are capable of doing the job as a Contractor, who can't we hire those we have trained when the only thing missing is the degree.  This is related to office work only.  Not where it is necessary to have a specific degree to perform a task.
Maintain, develop, reward and promote talent.  Promote employees who are loyal and been serving the company for long time, not taking them for granted. Stop the culture of who you know but not what you know for promotion  Stop the culture of too many chiefs, but not enough actual bench working employees
Merck is a great company to work for on paper, offering many great benefits, such as future opportunity & vacation. The unfortunate thing is that in my role, there is no good time to take vacation "work permitting".  We go from one forecast into another, it is a relentless cycle.  As a result I am always exhausted, never disconnect, so not able to look at things objectively because I am always so deep in the weeds that I am not always able to see the forest through the trees & you need to be able to do that in order to maximize ways of working.  I have friends at other companies in Corporate America where a certain amount of their vacation is mandatory.  As company policy, they MUST take a certain amount of their vacation each year.  I think this would be a great thing for Merck/MSD to implement.
Return courage and candor to the field
Consider streamlining and improving processes - the answer to every problem is not another SOP or layer of approval. This only slows down work and puts us at a disadvantage to our competitors. Maybe instead of people getting promoted based on adding another layer of system, people could be recognized for innovative ways to REMOVE barriers and shorten timelines because things are more efficient, without compromising quality or compliance.
Ensure that high performing employees are appropriately compensated and promoted to encourage long term talent retention.
SAP  is the global standard CMMS system used at MSD . I use SAP currently for Quality notifications and Maintenance Management. The use of SAP is cumbersome and  requires  a large amount of  resource  hours for   simple tasks and changes. I think are opportunities to be made in this space.
Merck has included Diversity and Inclusion as a priority company wide, but on a local level, the Durham site does not recruit from a diverse group of Colleges and Universities.  Individuals have to champion those efforts in order to make it happen.  In addition, there are several examples of unfair hiring practices where qualified personnel have to fight for an interview or they are told they are not qualified, but the person hired is also missing the same qualifications.  Although I am a valued member of my team, I often have to be careful with how and what I say at higher tier levels to not be seen as combative.  Merck has a lot of great resources and many great initiatives at the above site level, but what are the checks and balances to ensure they are truly happening on the site level?
Continue in the direction we are heading with regard to D&I. We are taking steps to address important issues and not just talking. We are a highly competitive company in the market with regard to products and salary, and it feels like a really good place to be.
Continue to focus on a great culture. It keeps employees engaged and happy. Which impacts productivity and success.
It would be helpful to have more longer term guidance on if we'll be returning to work. Even to understand if that decision will not be made until the fall, or if its a 2022 goal. Its an added stress to work life to not have a clear understanding of the future approach.
Post-pandemic it would be great to see continued flexi-options in working from home or in the office. The ability to do so has greatly increased my worklife balance and I'd like to see it remain this way.
Let us work and see our customers with the frequency that we determine to be necessary.  We want to do our job, certainly in compliance with industry guidelines.  Our current compliance environment is so restrictive that we are being out performed by our competition.  It’s as if we let our competition decide on our rules of engagement.
Increase a more ethnically diverse workforce at all levels of leadership. Implement policies and procedures that help ensure a more inclusive and equitable workforce-ethnically, sexual orientation, varying physical abilities, gender etc.
Further empowerment to make decisions at the appropriate level.  There is still a strong desire to move decisions upward that wastes time in implementation.
It really is a great place to work not sure what more can be done.
I think the hybrid work has been a great thing for both employee and employer.  I am more productive and the company can eliminate some building related resources.  Of course, I have a team that is comfortable with virtual work.
I believe the company already doing a lot to make a great place to work
focus on science, invest more into research, do not cut research budget, invest into geographies that reliably make impact (NJ/PA) rather than new shinny sites with no track record and experience
Continue to support  flexible work arrangements beyond COVID restrictions.  Invest in technology to improve slowness of operating systems like SAP, as well as computer program slowness of operation in general.  Provide better training/time for implementation when changes to the way we operate are required- Quality Docs, GLIMs, QSIP changes, GPs, etc.
Continue to allow work/life balance by permitting some work from home options even after we can return to work (post COVID).
Continue working on diversity and inclusion. I acknowledge the grate efforts that the company does on this field, however I think that there is still a lot more work to do.
stop the buddy system
increase pay rates and remove outside contracts and replace with MSD contracts
Remove arbitrary, compliance/legal imposed barriers to meeting customer needs.
Actually listen to us and actually be willing to change.
Continue to implement MPS strategies at all levels of processes - both from high level right down to the shopfloor. Enable more electronic solutions - build custom software solutions that are first in class (e.g. for electronic logbooks etc.)
Each Division is doing D&I work, but I think a more cross company approach should be taken to ensure all people are equal, belong, and thrive. We want to create an environment where everyone is treated with dignity and respect, where the talent and skills of diverse groups are valued, and where productivity improves because the workforce is happier and more aware of the benefits that inclusion can bring.
Replace at least 30% of existing SVPs with new blood.
Continue to differentiate the pipeline.
Have senior executives actively lead change
Ensure those put in management positions (director and above) have the training and experience to lead a diverse team.  Continue to embrace diversity and inclusion and hold leaders accountable by monitoring actions not just words.
Not sure it is possible, we may be too far gone.
Maybe an onsite Gym.
Merck has been more than supportive and accommodating during this time of uncertainty.  They should continue to support working from home and make sure that we are all engaged in doing our best for the company.
Encourage all peopel to value work life balance. Managers set the tone for work life balance, and are role models. If they are not balancing work and life their reports will not either.
Provide better resources. Be mindful of work life balance and have a better understanding of varying work loads across teams. Remove our company from being overly involved in today’s politics. We need to remember our core values and that “medicine is for the people”. Merck should remain focused on the patient and not today’s political arena.
That my contributions are valued.
I appreciate the open forum meetings, but for lab-based staff, limited times and registration can make it difficult to attend.  I think continuing to open up the lines of communication and education on these issues may slowly move the needle to a more inclusive place.
Stop being run by lawyers and compliance.  Be willing to take calculated risk for innovation and being a true leader in the industry.  We talk a lot about innovation in all facets of what we do, but our actions seem to be by far the most conservative in the industry.  Seems inevitable other companies are going to leap frog us in innovation and leadership.  Other companies are also more collaborative with external stakeholders.  Again, our conservative compliance lens limits what we can do and creates an external perception that Merck isn't collaborative or easy to work with.
The backup care, with allowing a family or friend caregiver, has been critical to keeping me focused on my work. I believe only 30 days were authorized for 2021 so far. The full 60 given last year (or even more) would be really helpful, as I'm constantly juggling last-minute childcare needs due to quarantines, restricted hours due to COVID19, etc.   Any other childcare help would also be really helpful, as costs have increased significantly at the same time availability has decreased. Maybe other forms of reimbursement could be provided. Or maybe ECYC could offer more options for younger children. For example, they are currently only offering camps for kids aged elementary school and above, but I have 6.5 weeks this summer that my oldest son's preschool is closed, and I am having a lot of difficulty finding coverage for all of those weeks.
Similar to program governance, the strategic governance needs to be streamlined. Or else the company runs the risk of not making the next and best improvements on time to ensure we remain at the cutting edge of science and technology.
I strongly believe as an outside sales rep for the company and I believe this to be even more true during this pandemic Merck should be more flexible about the rule of living in your territory. Our quality of life should come first even if that means an extra 10 minute drive each day. For example I have to live in an area that has poor education for my child just to live in my territory. An extra 15 minute drive would provide my family a better life and my child a better education but I currently do not have that zip code in my territory. We are the only AH company that has these guidelines. I feel like I have to choose between a better life for my family or my career at Merck.
Provide better opportunities for growth based on experience and skills.  Provide compensation opportunities by way of stock options for all levels of employees.  We all work for the company and therefore, hold a stake in its successes.
Investing more in cutting-edge pharmaceutical research and development, talent development, keeping knowledge and technical know-how in-house to make the company a global industry leader in drug development/manufacturing technology and research, and minimize reliance on outsourcing and short-term contractors.  Focus on being an agile, technology-oriented, data-driven pharmaceutical company to be able to compete in and lead the global healthcare landscape.
review salary structure for people who are happy and remain in their present jobs, continue to perform and contribute but do not aspire to higher level jobs  provide home office equipment upgrades or a budget that can renew every xxx years to allow for upgrades more and more of us have always or are now working from home more exclusively.    Cover home office expenses such as internet costs, cell phone costs, % of home office expenses as a benefit.
Eliminate micro-management that borders harassment. Address those issues and hold people accountable. There seem to be different rules for different people.
Find ways to innovate the responsibilities of and resources offered by the sales rep.  The pandemic has redefined our ways of working and will likely have a lasting impact on how we engage with our customers.  Let’s spend less time rehashing things we already know, and more time on understanding our customers and their patients more deeply, so that we can truly deliver on our mission and be a valued resource for HCPs.
Provide more/better support to HR related issues
The only item I can think about is better communications on what we are doing for Covid. As general people ask, I would like to brag about what we are doing for the world. Love this company and what it stands for.
pay more money and give stock.
I would like forward to the idea of "purposeful visits" on-site (once open to all). Instead of worrying about where people sit (re cubes/offices), it would be nice to "home office" as a default and go on-site to meet w/ teams or fellow colleagues in a social or collaborative setting.
Create a more efficient organization. Multiple divisions and different Operational units within a division creates internal conflicts.
Stop internal overregulation processes.
Collaborate with the SME's. Reward employees for finding major flaws. I found a major computer flaw two years ago and have yet to receive any acknowledgement or compensation.
Embrace a working from home policy regardless of situations like Covid
Promote people in their current job position instead of having them move to another job or area. This creates too much turnover in areas and we lose experience.
The MPS still much more as common sense than a common practice and in many sites the company does not have sufficient resources working to Advance MPS since it is not a core for our business and then people still firefighting. And about Digital & Data we should create opportunities to motivate and move people to use the tools because they still in the past. We are having some workshops, but it seems to be not enough.
I would like to see more opportunities on the career ladder going forward.  It would be great to offer more opportunities for promotion to employees.
Increase diversity at senior leadership level
Please provide better laptops and related equipment.
Continue pushing flexible work arrangements, especially once the pandemic is over. We need to do a better job of encouraging the MMD division to experiment, take risks  in the pursuit of improvement because that is currently not incentivized very much.
Organon spin off has created a lot of uncertainty at the site. Nobody really knows if we will be open as a site in the near future. How Organon will Fortify our Future is currently unknown. It is difficult for one to do their best at work whilst being anxious about their job security.   There is a need for the organization to be open with the RemainCo employees on our survival prospects as a site, if any.
Can we lessen the rhetoric about resilience and challenges.  Lift up and support what we have done.  Really like Canada's model of meeting-free Friday.  That is probably the most progressive step I've seen taken in several years.  That is respectful of our mental health and work-life balance.  My external colleagues are so impressed with that "walk the talk" leadership but we don't see a lot of it.
We have been effective in creating movement so ppl are challenged in new roles but I think investment in thinking differently, operating differently, equipping with new tools remains limited.  I would love to see every employee have a sense that every year there is new and material growth opportunities.  We try to create those within our teams but I continue to feel the resources available are scarce.
Unseat U.S. Representative Madeleine Dean in Pennsylvania's 4th congressional district and support through our PAC candidates who align to the individual rather than the control of the state. She supported impeaching a president for holding a peaceful rally and has done nothing to investigate the fraud in PA where 26,000 dead people voted or the theft of voting machine USB sticks in Philadelphia. If we're going to be in politics, then let's go all in and align ourselves to liberty, not tyranny.  Otherwise we need to stay out of it and cling to our mission.
We need to be a leader in the science - we cannot wait for others to do the experiments for us and hope that we can be faster than they are.  We also need to be a leader on returning to work safely - employees in the lab are feeling burnt out and like they are worth less than the managers who get to stay home.  So hard to feel connected to the group (whether an established employee or a new employee) when you never see other people in person.
Merck should continue to allow flexible work arrangements and increase work from home days when we are permitted to be back in the office. It allows the necessary work life balance while not taking away from work productivity.
Continue to speak up in regarding disparities across multiple lines as the company has done. Allow more opportunities for managers to manage there teams more independently to meet the needs of the individual as well as their team (within company guidelines), e.g. flexible schedules.
continue to reinvest in its employees
Merck needs to: 1. streamline all processes across the organization, 2. stop promoting from within to increase the diversity of ideas and perspectives (instead of taking the easy path), 3. integrate across several different work streams to reduce silos and allow a more comprehensive and holistic approach, e.g., align an arm of GMSA/FM very closely with R&D to inform the pipeline and keep Discovery aware of what's happening on the 'front lines' in order to stay competitive and avoid costly mistakes.
Promote younger, diverse talent in leadership positions
Continue to engage the diverse workforce in not only just hearing their diverse perspective but also acting on it will help them feel that they can add value to the team.
Allow people the flexibility to work remote or come to the office as they desire and is appropriate for their role.  Always bet on innovation.  It is better to fail innovating then trying old technology.  I was disappointed in Merck in its choice of vaccine programs for COVID-19.  We did not bet on innovation and lost in any event.   Merck is also a more slow and steady wins the race kind of company.  We should embrace this and use it to our advantage.  When under pressure for speed Merck does not perform well in its decision making process.  The group think decision by committee misses on common sense practicality.  Thoughtful good decisions get replaced by fast churn that does not amount to a good end result.
It would be helpful if Merck would offer incentives like salary adjustments to keep current talent and to not lose historical knowledge and background.  Adding to that, in the current environment, allowing parents the opportunity to continue to work from home after the pandemic would be invaluable.
on site child care facilities
I think the pressure to outperform other groups within my department is causing our lab to set unrealistic goals and even more unmanageable work schedules. Several of the people in my group are burning out fast, and there while there is plenty of vocal support for a healthy culture and work-life balance, there is next to no action that supports this. I don't know where the pressure comes from in the Merck hierarchy, but it is greatly felt by us.
Continue to show Authenticity to employees and communicate activities taking place, and the "why" behind changes in order to avoid miscommunication and misunderstandings.
1) More of an effort on work/life balance.  Limit meeting burden. Push for employees to use all of their vacation days.  For departments where occasional overnight/weekend work is handled by salaried staff, have a more robust comp time policy and a culture where actually using comp time is supported.  2) When the pandemic is over, consider having WFH be a routine option when on-site work is not required.  This lessens the stress associated with a commute. 3) Revisit the MerckSpace office plan proposals. This type of open office plan does not allow for adequate quiet and thinking space for scientific professionals, and allows for greater spread of contagious illnesses.  4) Staff projects with more cushion in mind to avoid staffing crunches with personnel need sick leave, vacation, or leave the company.  5) Better staff the EHS departments to support local departments. Shift some of the work of safety-related tasks from local departments back to EHS (with local department support).
Merck is doing well in Diversity and Inclusion space, we need to move it to the next level and be great in Diveristy and Inclusion There is  strong sense of bias for long term Merck employees / Pharma employees when it comes to promotion. We need to be more open to promoting people who have proven themselves within Merck - joining from outside Merck or even from outside Pharma industry. This will broaden our mindset at senior levels in the organization. Many of the ED level jobs are filled with succession planning or without posting. This hurts those who are not having a long career at Merck, visibility and connections matter more then fit for jobs or even performance. This should be addressed and corrected.
Admin support for some critical time consuming items. Better discipline with meeting management.
Keep doing what they are currently doing to make it a great place to work
Merck is already a good place to work. The only thing I have concerns with is how we at Durham implement change. I know that change is a part of every corporation, but at least get more people who are on the floor involved with change.
Be more transparent about business decisions affecting the clinical pipeline
Digital tech.... There are currently too many options and it is turning into noise. I feel we need to narrow down to one or two, or define how each one is used.  Email, Yammer, Teams Meeting, Teams Chat, Jabber, OneNote, SharePoint, WebEx, Etc....  With the current pandemic and WFH, Merck should be doing everything they can to support people working from their own home.  Providing items needed to be efficient at their work. Employees should be encouraged, and not discouraged from purchasing efficiency items for the home office like monitors and printers.  I also suggest replacing in office workstations with touchdown locations so that WFH is the norm unless in office work is needed. Then you can reserve a desk if you need to go in on a certain day post pandemic. Food for thought.
Merck’s initiative to walk the walk with D&I is falling short in my area. As a female rep, my region has only one female CTL, and the rest of the CTLs are white men, most of whom have been at Merck for decades and appear to be uncomfortable with new Ways of Working (I get messages at the end of every week that my zip code is “green” according to the RAT tool, which is pressure to go out on territory, when my customers have told us that we are not able to physically step foot on their campuses until July 1, at best). Merck leadership needs to recognize that a lot has changed in the last year, and that they need to change their approach, and be willing to listen to the reps and respect our customers. There is a strong and diverse pool of top talent in my region, none of whom who look like the leadership team that is currently in place, yet none of them are being put in to leadership positions (despite there being 3 CTL vacancies in the region) I do hope that change is in the near future
Senior leaders should not  use the Company platform to express their personal political views both internally and externally.  Limit communications to content about our center of excellence of providing medicines and vaccines to the world.
I feel Merck has done an outstanding job being empathetic to all employees during this challenging time.  I have felt very supported and respected.
The company and the people are great.  We just need to commit more resources if the amount of work will continue at this level.  Also, the automation GMP systems used by the external network need to improve.
Implement anonymous 360 reviews for all leaders. Many of them likely have no idea the impacts positively or negatively they have on people in and around their organization. Those that are stagnant in their way of thinking and working need to see data to support the feelings of those around them.
Provide greater visibility of strategic decisions and long-term strategy for the company.
Using technology to make our work more efficient. For example  there has to be a better and more efficient way to conduct literature reviews
Not sure about the open office strategy: Open office is not proved to facilitate communication, and it is important for scientists to have space without disturbance to think and focus
Working with many other sites in the network shows how various the processes are in the group. How do we align the correct people with the correct groups to ensure decisions are moving forward efficiently? We have had some excellent project leaders and ineffective ones as we move to expand our technologies. Some project leader basics trainings should be extended to all project leaders in R&D and BTS and a standard project format would be helpful.  I also think we have excellent electronic tools available but need training or quick tips to efficiently use and adapt to the new way of working. I know these are out there and available but the opportunity and time to use them is not prioritized.
Make decisions faster.
A better work atmosphere in building 3
Be careful who is selected to be in leadership positions.  There are SERIOUSLY some lower-level managers who have ZERO idea, or knowledge, about the subject matter that their group performs and supports.  It is very disappointing, embarrassing, and a time drain to have to be subjected to the rambling that occurs in place of actual knowledge.  It is evident that this issue exists and continues to not be resolved.  I would even go as far as saying that low-level managers, in this position, are protected/shielded by their managers in order to avoid having to acknowledge this issue.
flatten the hierarchies or have those in senior positions actually do the work of those on front line so they better understand the time it takes, the hurtles, the frustrations, and perhaps create an atmosphere of listening more than making high level decisions - two way street.  Better understand in a day of inclusion and diversity that not everyone speaks the same way or delivers messages the same way or works the same way or wants to climb the ladder.  There isn't one way to get a message across and there isn't a path forward for everyone - some may want to stay where they are, others may speak more bluntly while others may not speak up at all.  All should be acceptable
All levels of management fully embracing the company culture. It is recognized that employees need to work hard and often long hours to deliver on the company's mission but at the working level it feels like the company is sending one message about flexibility and support of the whole employee but the reality is more just get the job done regardless of what it takes.
Think outside of the box to obtain company goals. Also take decision making to levels of personnel who understand jobs and processes.
Allow for remote work indefinitely, allow people to speak their minds without consequences
Consider that the views of all employees are not always consistent with the views of senior leaders. The voice of our company should be representative of all employees-with such a focus on diversity and inclusion, it isn't appropriate for colleagues and/or leadership to push COVID vaccination and/or talk politics at work. There is a time and place for this, and when i go to work, I do not enjoy feeling as though I'm being indoctrinated by others. Merck/MSD should emphasize the importance of maintaining a sense of professionalism at work. Certainly, my colleagues have no reason to know whether I've been vaccinated-and yet people are routinely asking this question. This is not acceptable and should not be encouraged.
We NEED to be competitive !!!!  Don’t tie our hands and not let us do our job ( FFM limit ) We have Great people, let them do their jobs and get the time with Physicians where and when we can without putting limits on us!!!  Also we NEED to PAY people competitively!!!!  Don’t penalize people who STAY at Merck!  Truly take a look at Tenured People in the same jobs and be FAIR!!!
Ensure job and economic satisfaction of the people who work in the company, attending to all unfair situations that exist.
Give the employees the ability to share in the overall success of Merck/Merck AH overall.  These are some of the best years in the history of Merck and Merck AH.  Costs are way down, but revenues are way up.  Sharing will motivate employees even more than they already are because growth from the bottom-up helps top-line growth
More onsite wellness benefits (cafeteria, small gym, etc.)
Merck invests a lot into capital resources but needs to do a better job investing in their people. In my process development department, we experience frequent "brain drain" because people leave due to lack of advancement opportunities.
Allowing employees to purchase stock options quarterly.
More work/life balance, have managers give honest feedback versus feedback that "sounds" good
No comments as of this time
To further invest in digital solutions
Suggestion to include free fitness/guided meditation/well being classes either on campus or recordings online, that employees can sign up for and integrate into their regular work day would help to reduce stress and refresh mind.
there is nothing to add
We need to change the culture across all divisions. For example, when I see GHH colleagues embracing new ways of working, but MRL colleagues wanting to stick to "how it's always been done" - this is a clear example of misaligned priorities. In order to be successful in the future, especially in a post-COVID world, we have to lean into innovation and experimentation. We cannot and will not grow as a company if we solely rely on what's worked in the past. As a young employee recently out of graduate school, I also feel that Merck is very much a hierarchical place, where you have to "earn" the right to speak up or change the way things work. It is disappointing to see such brilliant, engaged colleagues fear to speak up or provide alternative/innovative suggestions because they fear for how the result may impact their career trajectory or sponsorship opportunities.
Continue to enhance customer engagements, remain competitive in the marketplace, continue to adapt to an ever changing work environment, continue to recognize and award employees, be competitive when it comes to pay and benefits
Improve the process and resources to be aligned with the Business growth.
in some areas (example- Country Regulatory Affairs) we need more resources in medium and small size countries
People are constantly asked to take on more work, more responsibilities with no changed in job level or pay.    People should be promoted not only for good work but also taking on additional responsibilities that move their work load up a band.  The company has become all stick, no carrot.    The best way to get a raise is to leave your department or the company.  The best way to not get a raise is to grow in your current role.    Too many managers at the LT level are yes men only concerned with earning the favor of AVPs.  It is shocking how out of touch the LT is and how they dont understand the roles of the people that report to them.    There needs to be a complete shakeup of managers, not just swapping them around from dept to dept moving bad ideas around, a real respect for employees, a concern about careers and workload and a better alignment of responsibilities with pay and band level.
More streamlined and proper planed onboarding program. The IT department is extremely shocking, tickets take forever to close out and this is after constant follow up. There needs to be a more speedy approval process for additional resources as whilst the department is waiting for this to be approved, the employees are struggling to keep up with the workload and are having to take time away from their families to ensure that all work activities are performed to prevent non-compliance in the department
Be more flexible with time and work schedule. Would absolutely like if during the summer I could work four days out of the week.
Continue meaningful commitments to diversity and inclusion. Additionally, while there have been initiatives to eliminate silos, I still feel disconnected from other initiatives even within my department.
Empower teams to make decisions, still a lot of churn / rework.
Some stability is needed, we have had too many changes since 2020 - NewCo organon, subsidiary of the future etc.
Flexible Hybrid work from schedules
Serious evaluation across all EDs by collecting feedback from their direct reports and those that report up to them. Recruit more diverse candidates with a high level of EQ especially those with with experience in the domains that they are leading.
Treat everyone equally don't just focus on the same individuals for Special projects and team assignments talk to employees about what they need to work on to get to the next level, no person should work at a company for a decade or more and never be promoted or recognized for their hard work and contributions to their Group and the Company.  See everyone's contribution and willingness to take on additional responsibilities acknowledge and reward all who work hard and go the extra mile not just Management Picks.
While Merck may not offer the most competitive pay rates, I think they could make up for that with vacation benefits.  At another company I was able to buy a week of vacation every year at enrollment time.  This was a really nice option, you could also sell back a week of vacation if you didn’t plan to use it. Also the company did a summer shut down around the 4th of July week in addition to the year-end shutdown.
We need to have simple to follow SOPs and guidelines, patient centric driven approach, talent retention and career growth, new pipeline of molecules, respect for individuals, all these will make the company a great  place to work and deliver on our mission.
Keep supporting your employees like you have been, ensuring Work-life balance and remote work is possible when appropriate. Transparency about how Merck will grow after loss of spin-off products will help employees feel secure in Merck's future, and their job's future.
Be more agile.  Too much red tape to get critical adhoc issues communicated, and resolved.
Need to find a solution to revise/update QMS documents more easily and within a shorter timeframe- this is our GMP foundation...a great place to work includes the ability to quickly correct and improve our procedures, efficiency, and compliance on a continuous basis.
Lead from the front to show my commitment to Merck mission with special accent on Diversity and Inclusion.
One of our company's key assets is vaccines. Vaccines are one of the most cost effective ways to save lives and improve health. The COVID-19 pandemic has put a microscope on vaccine hesitancy. The company should increase and expand the scope of it's efforts to combat vaccine hesitancy around the globe.  Other suggestions: 1)provide more effective training on how to run virtual meetings (rationale:more than ever, virtual meetings are the norm for conducting business but few meeting facilitators REALLY know how to manage a virtual meeting.Improving in this area is a must for increasing productivity); 2)provide faster/more robust network connections and faster computers with adequate capacity to run at least 3 external monitors (rationale: these are critical to our day-to-day activity); 3)raise standards for those who manage others. Give management responsibilities only to those who REALLY want to manage others(rationale: managers have a huge influence on career development-make it count)
Continue to keep employees engaged by providing them required resources, timely communication and above all recognizing them appropriately.
Drive excellence through meritocracy. Be bold and benchmark against other companies.
Greater opportunities for rotations, opportunities to rotate into other groups to expand skill sets.
Encourage greater work/life balance by limiting the number of meetings and by leaders showing by example that work/life balance is important
Thank you
I absolutely loved being able to work from home and found that I can better manage my work and home life. I am not gone 12+ hours a day anymore (the commute to Madison is a long one) and has had a positive impact on my family life. I would love the option to keep working remote for the PV department.
Invest in integrated systems and simplification of change management
Ensuring the voices of the workforce are heard. Our escalations for should not go in vein or feel ridiculed for voicing opinions or blatant violations of our companies code of ethics. Ensuring respect for one another from the CEO to our production operators are equal. We should investigate potential hostile environments and work to increase our retention rates. Provide more opportunities to diversify our leadership levels which will influence others whom are minorities to strive for higher success within the company. I joined Merck solely based on the stance that Ken Frazier outlined in the political world and how he stood strong on his core values, our core values! I sincerely wish and hope that this continues!
More work on inclusion and diversity would be useful, I feel we talk the talk but don't walk the walk.
Continue to innovate at a rapid pace,  mold the paradigm to fit patients’ needs especially in setting of COVID pandemic, and be bold in changing away from the way we did things in the past.
To change on how we work now and empower team to make decision
Stay the course.
Focus on the science.
The the time to really understand how much work employees have to complete and the resources they need.
- Provide resources and contacts to resolve issues within work processes. Like a virtual "directory" for SMEs or process stewards.  Ex: who needs to be contacted for Deviation Management assistance and the DM LOD?  - Provide positive reinforcement or a reward system to encourage IPTs to complete mylearning and training items.
Work life balance for all employees. Lower workloads.
Lots of pretenses about people first, however not necessarily practiced in reality.
I believe Merck does stress the need to step away from your computer screen but I also think there could be better tips or guidance on how to make this happen.  It is very difficult to step away when you have so much work to do and everything is priority 1 to someone.
Resource projects for success.
1) More resources 2) reduce redundancies and non-value added work 3) more training for folks to the core job requirements 4) prioritize deliverables
Continue to value people's life and work balance. Set clear priorities and properly plan resources to enable accomplishment.
Take away all the compliance restrictions that stop us from being able to communicate via email with our customers.  The solutions Merck presents are not solving the issues we faced in the field.  Why cant we at the very least have a virtual business card with our products we can attach to an email?   Make Merck Medical Programs easier to host and attend.   GIVE US BACK LAPTOPS IN THE FIELD.  Ipad s are so restrictive and it has taken two years for home office to stop sending instructions that are meant for laptops to reps with ONLY iPads.  Many resource sites we must utilize (ie Credentialing sites) do not support iPad usage and capabilities within the sites are limited on the ipad.   Stop outsourcing everything.  One hand doesn’t know what the other is doing when you need HR, Fleet, or any service.
Revamp SOP/training requirements. Make the training required more specific to your role, and when an SOP has many sections and applies to many roles please make it so I’m only required to read/understand the section that applies to my role. I often get trainings assigned that seem to have no impact on my role, and tested on them with questions that truly have no relevance to my role. If we could train only on the sections of SOPs/topics that apply to our role I believe it would encourage better understanding of the each topic, fewer late completions, and more interest in training when it directly applies to your role. An example is 06-QUA-125AX SOP that is 37 pages and has great & clear information but very little of it has to do with my role.
Career progression is currently not used effectively.  People at the start of their careers are having to wait a long time for initial promotions when they have demonstrated good performance
More transparency on pipeline decisions/updates would be appreciated and help staff feel more included.
I believe this is already the plan,  but after everyone is back at their offices, it would be wonderful if there is a permanency to the work flexibility of working from home and going to the office.
There is a lack of mentoring, individual training, and connection for individuals under the level of Associate Director at Merck, Wilson. Basically, an individual must continually try to connect with people to figure out how to perform a task that they have never done.
* Stop manual processes and automate * Eliminate pointless oversight, only ask people to make decisions when they have the time, information and skill to make a reasonable decision * Drive focus from the top down, stop doing a little of everything and focus the organization on key objectives * Boost remuneration in every market, Merck cannot attract and retain top talent if we pay mid rates
Empower the site to be able to make its own decisions.  Stop rushing project milestones and allow the time for the work to be done closer to 100%/ right first time  Remove excess middle management, too many AD/middle managers delegating work to already overworked staff
Continue with the concept of valuing people, social inclusion and always working with safety and quality.
We do a good job of rewarding innovative and high rising people. We don't do a great job of properly compensating people who stay in a department or area and provide a wealth of knowledge, continually giving value back instead of having to be upskilled.
Continue to remove barriers that slow work down
More transparency from Senior Management.
Merck has been so supportive throughout the pandemic.  Compensation is always a big factor in employee retention.  I am proud to sell a product like Keytruda and I realize the benefit I have in oncology offices from the brand recognition, but earning a higher salary by going to another company and the financial benefit to my family, is always something to consider.
We need to reduce headcount to make our company more lean.  As Organon stands up and Merck sites transfer the production of Organon products out of the company, we need to eliminate the associated headcount and focus on core Merck.
I believe MSD and Merck is a good company and happy working with it.
take a look at how we have changed & adjust the company structure.  Also take a look at resource levels & talent ensuring we have the right mix & mindsets.
We need to continue all of the great work with Diversity and Inclusion. We also need to close the gap between top leadership and compliance and the sales field teams.
Include generational diversity as our goal for 2021 priorities.
Keep politics OUT of the organization. There have been many examples of this in recent months. Instead of building on "inclusive" behaviors, comments made by leaders have created a separation between employees -- those who agree with what was said and those who do not. Those who do not agree do not feel included. Personally, I couldn't care less if Morgan Freeman encourages the vaccine. If we believe in what we do (science) then we should take an honest look at what has been happening with COVID. I place no value on the opinions of celebrities. What I do value is common sense and leaving opinions at the door when you walk into work. Politics and religion only create animosity and tear what we work to build in every other part of the organization.
Simplify processes and make them more efficient.
More team building recommended within groups(even if it's virtual)
Continue to communicate our position in the industry and the value we bring to patients.
I feel that individuals in certain roles to make decisions, need to feel empowered to make decisions vs everything having to go up the ladder to get another's directions. Sometime I feel like we have puppets on a string to an extent.
improve work life balance
Do a better job with communications.  Why are employees not the first to know about big news, for example that Merck's Covid vaccine attempt was halted or that Merck agreed to partner with J&J to manufacture their vaccine.  These communications should be sent to employees first; I shouldn't be hearing them on the news or from friends/family for the first time.
my fear is we are becoming a company that does not reinvest in its people!! no continued education programs or craft training.
Improve digital solutions and automation for change control, filing authoring, etc.
More vacation time, especially after the year we've had.  It's incredibly hard to separate work from home and having a couple more opportunities to make that happen would help my mental health.
Hire folks who are the most qualified for the job.
More opportunities to be mentored/learn new tasks/take on other responsibilities as needed.   Consider people based on their experiences and ability to adapt and learn new capabilities.
I believe continuing to provide employees with resources for childcare with multiple options and also other reward benefits would greatly improve morale!
Merck should make concerted efforts to examine and assess safe work environment for its employee.
More communication about new products and work in the pipeline to give confidence of job security and growth.
Improve work life balance
improve collaboration among teams and areas.
Clear communication with employees, especially those that are new (acquisitions) and hires.  There are some many trainings, mylearnings, surveys (like this one), Workday processes, etc. it can be a lot, especially for someone new.  It is important to clearly communicate expectations and provide resources for employees that have questions or need asisstance.
M1 forums should have seminars on problem solving skills, strategic management, and planning your day for better work/ life balance.  Right now the forum isn't very interactive and mostly includes learning about what other IPTs do, which is nice, but not as good a use of one hour as it could be.
More people need to be hired. There are so many issues that are deeply rooted because things weren't done correctly the first time; and things continue to be implemented and rolled out inappropriately (i.e GLIMS), incorrectly (i.e GLIMS), and without positive impact (i.e Leading on The Shopfloor). We are in a constant state of reacting without trying to stay ahead of the problems. When you attempt to bring the clear path for a process, you are bombarded with no's and push back - probably because people are overwhelmed with the constant influx of under-planned projects which are organized by someone higher up and then everyone actually using everything is left to clean up the constant mess in addition to performing their roles with the same amount of people but increased expectation, increased workload, and addition of more trainings/systems/and trackers - all which take more time which doesn't ever seem to be accounted for. Perhaps if there were more people or things done RFT-it'd b ok
Better strategic alignment is needed across MMD (and other divisions as needed) to determine how to better operationalize the various digital platforms for storage and management of data/information. Alignment is key to help reduce churn and allow appropriate focus on transforming current state processes and delivering the greatest benefits of those digital platforms.
A lot of people are overloaded and in many cases, only the necessary things can get done.  This leaves little time for improvements and frustration when asked to implement new systems.  Many people are working more hours spilling into the evenings and weekends.  I believe more people should be hired to spread out the workloads.
Merck in general is doing a great job to me! Merck should start looking for the next diverse CEO, unless Frank C. is going to take over for Ken F.
Clearly communicate to all employees the goals and direction of each product line / division at the director / manager level. When possible, provide opportunities for employees to "own" their work, instead of just being assigned task.
Find a better balance between supporting existing areas/personnel and new areas / technologies.  I feel that sometimes in the rush to develop new medicines, facilities, etc., focus can be taken from existing areas that can cause a drop in productivity, personnel job satisfaction, and efficiency.
Encourage medical freedom.
Discuss and allocate resources (people and tools) that can attend the high demands in other to promote a better work and personal life balance to the employees.
Rob Davis mentioned taking a step forward in focusing and prioritizing. It's a great topic to take on. This is a major challenge at a large company but one that must be done and managed well.  We are go getters with great talent and capability.  Individual empowerment needs to be enabled, but not at the expense of focusing on core priorities.  Need to better understand how to bring teams together to focus.  It would make sense to minimize political positions.  There is right and wrong but then there is interpretation of what is happening in the world and the two are not equivalent.  The country is divided and it would not be surprising to see that sort of split within such a large company.  Merck should avoid taking political stances.  This will minimize division / micro inequity within the company and make sure we come together on our mission vs. getting distracted with taking sides in political discussions where there are reasonable interpretations on both sides of issues.
COVID has definitely impacted everyone lives differently. As an Administrative Assistant I never thought that working remotely is effective as working on site but this past year had proved me wrong. Not only is it effective but my way of life has improved in  many positive ways. I am able to save money on gas and cut two hours of my commute time driving in to work by utilizing those times on SOP and completing my training on time. My work/family/health is more manageable as it gives me times to breath and not having to rush everyday which in turn helps reduces stress and anxiety. I hope Merck will continue this trend after COVID as it is very beneficial for their employee.
Continue to value and reward key talent. Provide departmental management the ability to promote as management sees fit. Within my department one must wait for someone to retire or leave before a position at the next band level opens up. Many believe there is a monetary increase and additional benefits in the next position.  This isn't always true as the bands have quite a bit of compensatory overlap. Everyone I know tries so hard to achieve greater success and becomes disillusioned when promotions or 'overachieved' does not occur because of these inherent limitations. I'm fretting because I have 2 amazing people on my team who deserve to be promoted yet, I can only garner 1 position at the next level once another colleague retires at the end of the year. I fear the other who does not get promoted will leave. If this occurs, it will be a substantial loss to my team. This is just one of the scenarios, I, as a manager am faced with while working with amazing talent.
Merck does not utilize all individuals to their fullest abilities. There are individuals who are more than capable of working at higher levels based on their years of experience and educational background (bachelor's degree) but the lack of a masters degree precludes them from completing certain tasks. Tasks previously completed by certain roles have recently been stripped away. How can an individual grow and feel included if responsibilities are continually removed from their roles?  If employees are the most valuable assets of the Company, wouldn't it be wise to use these individuals to their fullest capabilities?
Better prioritization and establishing realistic targets for projects
Focusing more on worklife balance.  Having employees understand that "logging off" is normal and accepted.
Start taking more risk! Allow people to fail and not punish them. Get rid of the the extreme hierarchy. Change the culture to actually encourage innovation and collaboration!
Promote folks who have a track record of success and stop covering up for those who do not.
Continue to harbor a culture during the pandemic that creates a feeling of trust for working parents.  COVID has created a lot of school challenges, where schools can just be closed all of the sudden.  Having an open dialogue with a manager about my need to work from home some days has helped to keep my stress low and my job satisfaction high.
engage and empower employees, provide strong retention plan, continue to strive for strong work life balance
Stay in course and execute the plan
Allow merck employees to work at home if they can. However at the same token, please give some compensation to the employees that are necessary employees (employees that need to be onsite). It is stressful enough as it is with the current time we live in.
ensure managers are meeting with their employees and discussing EDP at some frequency.  this will help maintain diverse talent
Manufacturing departments will benefit from stabilization measures. There has been lots of personnel and procedural churn.
Personnel with excellent performance should be well compensated and not boxed in the same range with personnel who are comfortable (which is completely okay) with the bare required minimum. This helps talent retention.
I'm speaking from my previous experience's of work... and from what I know now, this is excellence and extraordinary is that feeling what you're in the right place, that! what you're currently doing isn't a job because the moment you realize you're happy doing what you do for others. thanks Merck/MSD not just for keeping all us safe but for caring for us.
Continue to proactively flag areas of opportunities in employees careers, and encourage them to explore and pursue these prospects.
Recognize that the vision for a better, modern, more efficient work place requires the proper time and experienced human resources to achieve the goals.  Many people are over loaded with many different tasks that just keep piling up and take priority and focus off from other things so none of it actually gets done efficiently. Additionally, there are so many people and departments involved with nearly every step of a project, which is wonderful, but that often leads to projects taking much longer than it should.  There are also significant gaps in communication across the board with overlapping projects and sometimes we are only coordinating contractors within the silos of a single step of a single project and that interferes with the progress of another or creates unnecessary stress on the affected department.
More directed instruction for new hires as it relates to certain key applications & processes they must use on a day to day basis (maximo, PO process, SAP, Midas, ProCal, etc.)
sometime too many changes take place in the short time which makes a normal task most challenging.
Happy people are productive people - I have held a flexible work arrangement for many years which has helped significantly with my work/life balance.  As a result I routinely offer my discretionary energy to Merck in order to advance the work I'm doing.  These arrangements may not follow me to a new position so it limits my ability to develop/advance within the company.  I would suggest more flexibility (e.g. part time positions) - it may help to retain personnel.
Consider the systems, the administrative tasks required for each and continual training/meetings due to complexity.  Volume of change including processes updates has been an administrative burden for the roles are most affected.  Volume of meetings/trainings have increased substantially, need to evaluate it's importance and value.  Meetings should be scheduled to take into consideration time zones (i.e. a meeting scheduled for 8:00 am (EST) is 6:00 am (PST).  For global meetings, consider having a 3rd or 4th meeting option to take into consideration the global time zones.
focus on developing people managers instead of putting brilliant scientists into managerial roles that they are not any good at
Innovation, Simplicity and Consistency
Merck is taking a significant amount of actions to ensure a culture of diversity and inclusion is part of Merck's long term culture.
I am very proud that I am working with MSD. We have a cream people of the industry in MSD, I am very proud that I am working in such a company that we have a high standard set in terms of Ethics and Value. Just need a new launch medicines in India so that we can serve Indian market and we can take MSD India to the new hight of Success.
Our company gets more and more compartmentalized in silos, there is a loss of empowerment of the employees downstream. As consequence some parts of MSD are great places to work and other places are not. We should be inspired by the local leadership team, telling us where our journey is heading and asking us for input how we could achieve this. Yet a road map or goal is missing and we are only told to work more efficiently and if we provide input on how to achieve this, feedback is perceived as inappropriate.
Interview and take seriously things brought up to local HR instead of having to go to Global to have things investigated. (Not all employees and managers know how to talk to people like human beings)
The QSIP initiative has taken the training chapter in the wrong direction. Digital technologies are not a panacea.  They are helpful additional tools, but too many people do not understand where the data comes from, how the data is generated, and the limitations of the data; leading to incomplete or poor decisions.
We need to slow down in order to speed up.  We move too quickly in out front end planning and have to deal with many changes during execution. I'm a big believer in " Develop a Plan" and then "Work the Plan", and I feel that we are moving soo quickly that we compromise that initial steps and deal with churn on the back-end.
Support more digital initiatives that are foundational, rather than spending time and resources trying to determine the value of these digital initiatives. Many things in the digital space are enabling, meaning they themselves do not bring value but they create a culture where people want to work and enable innovation as well as continuous improvements
Succession planning on the manager level.  When someone leaves there is a gap with no one to step in and a long time to get someone to the level they should be.
Doing great, overall... Be a pro-active leader in reaching out to minority community and schools to support and cultivate talents...specially black community. Diversity needs to be seen at work place not just in statements.
Try not to take frustration out on middle managers and bench employees
I think we can make this a better place to work if we could figure out how to move quicker on change.  There is still a lot of red tape that makes us get in our own way with implementing innovation.  For example, the USW contract often slows us down, as does putting extra belts and suspenders on things (veeva vault  - we are not using it the way the system is designed so it winds up slowing us down).  Also, factoring in time for effective change management would help.  We try but somehow seem to fall short (e.g. really being prepared for QSIP changes coming)  After 2 decades here though all of this has come a long way and I do believe we keep getting better and will continue to work at these things to continue driving the right change.
Over the past year COVID projects have provided a great opportunity for the company to contribute to global health. However, given the nature of the pandemic, the unprecedented timelines, and the ever-changing nature of the project environment, employees seem to be very drained and struggling with balancing work and personal aspects of their lives. I think the company should place a greater emphasis on learning and feasible ways to grow during these times while also taking breaks. Employees, especially site-based ones, are often reminded to take breaks and value their time off but are then asked to work long hours on time-consuming projects, and it is difficult to do both.
Value your adult professionals and the results/experience they bring. The micro management has got to calm.
Set the bonus floor at 100%. It's really discouraging when events outside our control have such a dramatic effect to reduce expected take home pay.
streamline processes, provide more instructor led training, allow our teams the ability to proficiently learn, understand and become proficient in the current processes and systems
Make people feel valued for their work. For people who stayed at home due to COVID office constraints to be compensated equally as others in who were on site daily throughout the pandemic shows how little appreciation the organization has for the daily risks those people took to move company objectives forward.
We need to stop reacting to the market place and our competitors and move to being the most progressive company in the industry.  We are conservative to a fault in most areas.
Truly embrace diversity of opinions and work as a bounder less organization -  go beyond your P&L and drive enterprise mindset with clear prioritization and laser focus on simplification with outcome focus...
Resource appropriately to help achieve digital solutions. It is a one time cost to enable future efficiencies.
During these remote working times, Merck should ask managers to focus on virtual team building exercises so we continue to feel apart of a larger team and organization.
Work on reunifying departments during pandemic when we are all remote.  Build a sense of morale and culture within my dept.  Benchmark compensation across the industry.
More human capital to help with workload.  People are stretched too thin and don't have the time or opportunity to network like before everyone was working remotely.
We should ALL come together to take Merck and MSD into the future. It cannot be the job of just a few. We need our leaders to be better leaders who can hold themselves and their people accountable to the changes that are need to deliver our mission.  Our mission is not just to save lives today or tomorrow, but for a very long time to come and we cannot do that without changing how we do business.
CEO should keep his political opinions to himself. Get off the diversity bandwagon. I do not see an issue at Merck/MSD with this. It only seems to add frustration and separates us even more.
Remove titles from positions and just give responsibilities so there is no sense of hierarchy. Have a minimum timeline for changes within the operations have SOP and system for at least 2 years prior to changing. Re visit the values of position and compensate accordingly.
Direct Dialogues between Employees & Top Management about professional Challenges & Problems.
Once we feel safer to returning to work and back to our business rhythm, we can promote and support collogues coming back together again by having sport activities again.
Reinstate GIFs in Teams. Restricting avenues to express our thoughts seems to go against the culture we strive to achieve.
Revisit current security implementations on every single file and the impact on computer's performance. I'm not saying that is not right, security is the right approach. However, impact of technical security implementations could be revisited in order to minimize the impact on opening/saving/etc. every file and respective network access.
Continue to focus on innovation and support global needs including Pandemic support
Great place to work. No complaints
Be at the cutting edge of technology, leveraging it to provide satisfaction for our customers.
There are numerous items being implemented with the QMS rollouts, but the shopfloor often does not have opportunities to offer honest feedback.  Giving the end users the chance to offer their "Voice of the Customer" ideas could benefit our company greatly.
Continue to build strong balanced portfolio across biologics, small molecules and vaccines.  Ensure prioritization is done as resources do become limited and we need to ensure we balance and prioritize work effectively across business.
need to hire more people and to stop making programs so complex. We were told QSIP was going help with work but it has made more work and has added complexity to the job.  The people making the decisions are out of touch with the shopfloor. We need to stop with the non-value added work like performing video review for out Process Simulations unless they fail.
Merck should treat and respect all employees the same. You have some here who take advantage of the system. Other whether their temps or Merck employees trying to make a difference in this work place. If they aren't here to make a difference then Merck needs to get us a team who will make a difference. That also includes coaches. Get everyone on same work schedule and stop having these lines to come in a a certain time where its not having the line supporters coming in at all different times. We are as one so we should work like one!
There is a lack of work/life balance, it's all work and no life. Announcing "summer hours" is a huge joke. We already work 9 hour+ days M-F and summer hours in a manufacturing environment are not feasible. "This flexible work arrangement provides the opportunity, with manager approval, for employees to work nine-hour days from Monday through Thursday and to stop work after four hours on Friday morning. It's a perfect way to unplug, take advantage of the sunshine, and spend time with family."
I consider Merck a good place to work; and great at speaking out publicly on issues such a voting rights and racial injustice, of late. Compensation and promotion opportunities as compared (at least perceived) to others limited my "great" ranking. Likewise loss of office space to current open seating situation (and only once prompted adjustments for pandemic). Work-life balance concerns/occasional stress with understaffed group, but colleagues within group are part of what make work experience great. Silos between organization, especially the higher up you go, remain a big company problem, IMHO. Much more to say, but that's probably enough for now--overall, satisfied and enjoy working with my immediate colleagues.
Merck has been an amazing company to work for throughout the years and over the past 2 years with the pandemic I can not begin to tell you how proud and happy I am to work for this company.
Show concern for every employees' well being and don't just pay lip service to our concerns. The way union employees were treated at our site during the pandemic was irresponsible.
Continue addressing the high workloads and how work-life balance can be further improved. Organon is certainly influencing the workloads, however these have been very high already before. If you are working already on 120%, any additional responsibility is pushing you into even further personal or professional compromises.  It is acknowledged that management is expressing sincere support to the topic of work-life balance, mental health etc. What is still not changing is the amount of work that needs to be dealt with (actually increasing = dept. HC was cut down due to Organon placements). We are supported to deal with the symptoms, but what efforts are spent to fix the root cause? There are tools how e.g. overtimes can be traced, but not used in our department. Tracing overtimes could provide long-term evidence of the workloads instead of just 'subjective feedback'. Having actual data/evidence can help effectively address e.g. HC increase / responsibilities adjustments in the team etc.
Increased flexibility for working remotely:  During the pandemic, broadly provide opportunity to work from abroad for a couple of week before/after vacation time. Even though I have been working from home for a year, my request to do so was denied because some ad-hoc presence on site might have been needed.
Continue to offer flexible work arrangements where applicable.
Break down of silos within the organization.
Step level meetings with the CEO via webcast
Pay lab analysts more so we stop losing all our talent to RTP companies.
COVID-19 showed that MSD and GCTO can deliver during challenging times even working in a fully remote regime. Now, for some countries the epidemic slowed down and company offices are opening for employees. From one side it is a good opportunity to return back to the office however at the same time it is quite challenging to switch from the home-base regime (the current format of working from home should be changed and it requires a big portion of employees flexibility). The proposal is to make for MSD employees a new regime of working that will combine both office/home office options (50%/50%) depending on employee flexibility. This will be a very supportive for employees.
Provide resources (hacks, lessons learned) into managing work/life balance for remote staff.  Over the last few months, there has been an uptick in a disregard of personal time (breakfast / lunch) and an expectation to be constantly "plugged in".  Lunch time meetings are now a daily occurrence and team meetings are starting earlier in the morning and lasting longer during the evening.
Consider making flex work arrangements that we have been using during Covid restrictions a permanent change, that allows for people to be able to more easier manage work/life balances without the concerns of commuting to and from work everyday, when alot of our daily work can be managed remotely.
Continue to focus on and value inclusion, diversity, bringing our full selves to work.  Creating a culture of hearing different street corners.  We need a way to get back to work and enable new employees to understand our values and culture since it may be challenging to manage remotely.
Better defined Roles and Responsibilities.
Covid has provided many opportunities for teams to streamline, but now as partial groups are back on site at varying times I have noticed the paths have since diverged again. I think providing additional resources to help streamline tasks again would make things easier.
continue to promote compassion and kindness as important values for effective human interactions, healthy environment, and successful management; stay on track for integrating diversity in all aspects of business and maintain it as a long-term objective
Tell our CEO to stop commenting about the political landscape. His views are not the views of everyone.
I'd like to see more clarity around project priority when we face so many accelerated programs, when everything is priority then nothing will be a priority. I also like to see more digital technology used into our daily operation, we still use large amount of physical paper based records/forms.  I'm sure we can improve some efficiency venturing into digital/electronic records.
Back to the basics: "We try never to forget that medicine is for the people. It is not for the profits. The profits follow, and if we have remembered that, they have never failed to appear." - George W. Merck.    BTW - In my mind, "...the people" includes pre-born/unborn children.  Merck for Mothers is a very worthy program; however, they must curtail any funding for abortions.  We cannot save and improve lives while we allow them to be terminated through abortion in all its forms.
Set policies in place to guarantee work-life balance for all employees, create more incentives/compensation for employees working on site throughout the pandemic.
Support implementation of more IT tools globally.  Culture from top to bottom needs to support better prioritization to allow for workload balance.  Don't just ask people to do more, find tools to help them do more with less.
Realize that you cannot ask for 120% from people constantly and maintain their job satisfaction.
I think there needs to be  a collective way for our whole organization to really celebrate our accomplishments, our hard work, our resilience.  not in individual rewards but a way we can all be in one collective moment together. We haven't had that for so long and it feels like it's time. The thank yous from leadership have been really encouraging but how can we really stand together and say 'we did this in the past year together and now we know we can keep on going?'
Consider flex hours and part time remote work for individuals who's jobs are suited to those opportunities.
Better balancing workload / vs available resources. Better / more differentiation in job role vs responsibilities.
Promote people for their hard work and sacrifice. Understand that field personnel bring valuable intel. Foster a relationship where Merck’s headquarters and field work together for a common goal. Instead of what I feel is Hq is does not respect field and field does not believe Hq.
Figure out a way to incentivize non-customer facing, non-sales roles.  I feel as if I have reached my ceiling for advancement as there is little recognition of my role.
1. Make employees feel more recognized. We have all been working very hard during a pandemic not only with our personal lives, but we have found ways to support the covid developments and the Organon split without much hiring... Which means people are really just working harder. Maybe inspire awards could be sent out or something... just any simple way to show the employees that they are valued.  2. Hire more to help control the scope creep of each employee's workload. 3. Improve in-line promotion process or put in place some type of rotational program to help employees gain different perspectives within S&T and get promoted 4. Assign work based on Band level. For example, a P4 should not be replaced by a P1. 5. More strategic hiring plans and more diverse band levels in each group within an organization. It seems like there are some groups with many P1 engineers and then some with pretty much only P3 or P4 engineers. 6. Less of a gap between Site employees and Above-Site employees
Focus on true prioritization.  Doesn't mean saying never.  Just not right now.  Make visible measurable progress on a smaller number of things, then move to the next set.
Work on empowering employees, striving towards updating the Merck technologies, streamlining the process where no. of touchpoints between departments are reduced.
be more sensitive to work life balance. Especially for parents who have to work and school children.
Remove red tape and bureaucratic hurdles to getting work done. Move from silos to networks to ensure that repeat work isn't happening.  Empower people to make meaningful decisions.   Remove the mentality of "this is how we've always done it" or "that is too difficult to implement" to enable progress.
Continue to invest in the right people and look for right fit with proper diversity. Fit and diversity should be balanced.
More Development and job opportunities
Decision Making should be driven to site vs above site.  Perhaps, identification of goals by Sr. Leadership and allowing sites to determine the 'how' would facilitate the desired supportive/servant Leader Model (reverse pyramid).
Enable more resources so that employees can both perform their job well, but also achieve stretch goals and development opportunities. Current state is such that people are stretch too thin, and by default feel they arent able to take advantage of  opportunities that may fit in to their  development plan. The balance of this is off center.   Changing this dynamic will foster better ambition and desire, enable team members to give full attention and focus to the job at hand, move away from the permanent state of multi tasking,  and keep growing / expanding with the company.
Continue to enable flexible work arrangements in a post-pandemic world. Working from home has increased my job satisfaction, inspiring me to develop new ways of working to remain productive in a remote environment.
continue allowing flexibility (and/or offer additional flexibility) for working mothers/fathers in order to better balance work-life with children (especially young children or children who are still schooling from home). Continue offer support to mothers returning to the workplace after maternity leave.
Incentivize employees to bring analytics to work place.
In general, Merck is very conservative in its approach to the engineering design of equipment and facilities. As a company with a global reach and varying resources across the globe, that makes sense. However, there are accepted industry designs and approaches which would ultimately make production more cost-effective, but the Merck standards and procedures do not support. Challenging these paradigms has been difficult.
There is not enough administrative support.  More value should be given to this role as it enables the employee to focus their time on the work they were hired to do--not administrative tasks..
New product portfolio is needed for company Growth and profitability.
Remain focused on business success, along with an emphasis on fairness, diversity, etc but stay out of politics
Recognize and reward employees more.  During the pandemic, other pharma companies have regularly sent their employees small gifts (sweatshirts, coffee mugs, etc).  I've heard it was viewed as a very nice gesture, appreciated by all and instilled pride.
Make sure the employees are not overloaded with work, consider setting emailing hours and limit meeting numbers and durations. be creative
Not just say inclusion but practice it with more communication between teams and "watching out" for other teams to ensure they are also following a good MPS process. This is instead of pointing fingers. I have always noticed that this MSD site has little teaching skills and is just now focusing on bettering training. Maybe it was just me being different that I felt excluded and gained less background information on how things work and not having a mentor "buddy" to feel free and safe to ask questions did not help.  -Increase training intensity and Structure training to be with a knowledgeable mentor -More team building activity across different groups who interact.
Pay more attention to our remote sites. They lack resources/attention and in turn do not have the same safety culture or information sharing for best practices passed on to them. I see opportunity to implement a lot of LEAN initiatives.
Go back to doing the science in-house and getting back to being a top tier science company.
Keep engaging with your employees. Keep asking for intel and suggestions. Keep letting your employees voices be heard.
Better understand capacity and react proactively vs reactively to changes in staff
Provide more departmental IT support. Although there are IT hubs, they do not support us at HQ. Often unable to move forward with IT dependent process improvements due to lack of resources/budget constraints. Minimize the number of projects going on simultaneously. Change and improvement are important but everything does not need to be done at once. Prioritize projects, accept that some may need to be tabled. Although I'm able to balance work/life and cope with work stressors, others are not able to do so. Leadership could do more to support those who are clearly struggling. It is as if they question the validity of certain complaints and only support those they feel are "worthy" of it. Although free to challenge how things are done, I am sometimes afraid to speak my mind depending on the issue and who you are challenging. In our department it is very much who you know, how well you are respected and whether you are "in" with the larger leadership team.
Continue the drive for inclusion. Identify priorities and if a project falls outside of those priorities it is evaluated to see if "now" is the right time to execute.
During this pandemic, I have been stretched incredibly thin and my mental stability has been challenged.  I had COVID with lingering symptoms.  I think Merck needs to really take care of their people from a mental capacity side of things  and ensure we are fulfilled and appreciated.  If passion and mental stability are there, performance will always follow.
a bigger focus on career development in order to retain talent
Increase opportunities for career development through special assignments or training programs into other therapeutic areas if we have interest (i.e. oncology).  There are limited options in Medical Affairs for career advancement so creating ways we can gain new experiences to keep us engaged would be most appreciated.
The more we can invest in our people the better by rewarding strong performance through SIP, annual pay increase when warranted for top performers or overachieving KPIs.
Merck is an awesome place to work.  I am super happy and passionate about our Mission to Improve and Save Lives.
Merck should continue to grow the pipeline and expand therapeutic areas as currently the product portfolio and the bottom line are heavily weighted to several key products.
Improve ability to transfer internally. This is something that I found relatively easy to do in the past, but not now. Hiring managers seem to prefer someone already embedded in the organization. I think that a balance between internal promotions and hiring from other organizations is needed. I don't think the sole criteria for hiring is that a candidate already has experience in the department. Sometimes another perspective, new ideas and experience in other areas can be invaluable, due to "cross-pollination."    Increase HR Support for all levels within an organization.   Improve Year End Review Process. Appropriate use of stakeholder feedback. Also, the "successful" category can be a challenging message to give/receive, especially for those who have taken on additional responsibilities, special projects, stepped in due to staffing shortages, etc.   Address issues with behavior, performance, etc. promptly and appropriately. If not, these issues can impact retention, morale, etc.
work on peoples workloads, stress and encourage more than criticize. Everybody trys their best and sometimes people feel over worked and under appreciated.
Harmonization to be more efficient and agile.
Make commitments to diverse leadership (i.e. investment of underrepresented populations such as Women, Women of Color, BIPOC, etc) in the coming years. A good example I've seen recently of another peer company that has done this is GSK... they have a 45% target for female representation in senior roles by end of 2025. Source: https://www.gsk.com/en-gb/responsibility/our-people/inclusion-and-diversity-at-gsk/?linkId=100000032862086 What is Merck going to do to make a similar commitment?
Emphasize on the work/life balance.  Having a transparent culture will help with quick decision making. Empowering the employees: - Talent recognition - Defining the roles and responsibilities - opportunity learn cross functional
1. Enable a learning environment where employees can learn and grow continuously 2. Enable an environment that translates learning into action
Provide resources at a reasonable time; be proactive rather then reactive.
Follow up on promises made
More managerial positions should be filled from within the company.  I am experiencing a manager from an external hire whose ideology and mindset does not help with workday efficiency and improvement.  It is seen in my department as more "busy work" than value added work.  Ideology and suggestions that was proven successful in another company does not mean success at a large fortune 500 company as Merck.
Continue the balance with the priorities of the company and the employee's family.  And give the annual bono to everybody. I always being excluded from this benefit.
1. Most of our leaders do a great job of telling us diversity and inclusion are important principles at our company. I believe they genuinely mean this, and that it's from the heart. BUT, I don't see that we set targets and track our track metrics to measure our progress toward meeting the goals. So without evidence that the various DEI initiatives are getting us somewhere, it's hard to see that we are truly taking it seriously as a company. In the US where I'm based, I think corporations are at the forefront of being able to influence racial disparities and contribute to eliminating structurally racist practices.  2. Psychological safety and inclusion in the workplace need to be prioritized before diversity objectives. Diversity measures are useless if our culture is not inclusive for everyone to contribute equally and feel valued. There should be mandatory training for management in how to promote psychological safety in their teams, and metrics to track performance.
Slow down. Build up new talent, give them a chance to learn and grow instead of being thrown into the fire. A lot of changing and more change is still to come, it's proving impossible to keep up. Solutions don't happen overnight.
I think coming up with a process to differentiate roles and responsibilities between levels is a start. Merck does a great job at giving it's employees a lot of experience quick, but this is also a way to keep employees at any level they choose because everyone does the same thing. If the employee had clear guidance on what level X does, they would have something to drive towards.
Drive Agile top down as well as bottom up.  With the pace of information, and the number of projects/meetings/areas to focus on, there is a lot of inefficiency created.  We need a framework (and Agile happens to be a good one) to approach our work with intention rather than randomly.
The company has been successful in prioritizing the importance of its employees through ensuring their well-being, safety, and their understanding of the importance the individual's role/function plays in the successful treatment of patients/customers to whom medicines are provided.
Continue to encourage work/life balance, Provide additional life benefits such a hybrid or flexible working model once return to office occurs, nominate more early talent into development programs or rotation programs to support future leadership
Create clear career paths and execute upon them
Aggressively recruit and retain good scientists who contribute to the product portfolio, help bring products to the market quickly and thus make Merck a strong, competitive  pharmaceutical company.  At present we are losing intelligent, hard working scientists to our competitors.
I think Merck is doing a great job
Even playing field for all the players. Set expectations straight. Same set of rules should apply to everyone aka if you do this xyz, you have x% chance of promotion, etc. I feel the rules aren't the same for everyone. I still don't understand how promotions work at our company. There aren't clear guidelines around that. As an ambitious employee, I would like to know if there is a future for me here and if there is how do I get where I want to be? If there isn't, what am I doing professionally. I
Better standardize how Merck operates from site to site to eliminate unnecessary work from convoluted processes and training variation by location. This will allow resources to focus better on what actually drives business: delivering life saving medicines to patients.
Align continued resources, including staff  More involvement of management in tier 1 gatherings/visibility in lab  Encourage work/life balance
Merck should continue to be a good corporate citizen and support free and fair elections
Better understanding what motivates people and create ways to get the most out of people. Need to be able to access what are the real pinch points and bottlenecks that prevent people from being productive on a smaller scale. Need to be able to understand the concerns and problems of individuals or groups rather than sweeping changes that aren't personal
Stop the divisional thinking between company and union
So many of our obstacles are digital:  ELN is a nightmare and needs to be replaced with something fast & flexible. The lag from our servers is also painful - Do they have to be so slow? Not many resources for learning advanced use of Excel, Word, Empower, and other common utility software.
Continue to fortify the future with a digital strategy that weaves together the People, Process, & Systems.  Continue to foster change and understand "the learning curve" requires an investment in time before sustained change can be realized.  Lastly continue to promote leadership that understands the importance of connecting to people where they are at and can balance the demands of a high paced job with resourcing shifts resulting from Organon.
We do a poor job of staffing projects appropriately so that they can be successful.  Even very high priority projects are not staffed adequately.  And then when those projects end, there is no effort to ensure that the people who were working on the project full time are deployed into new roles or new projects.  No one manages the people pipeline.
I think there is spotty work already happening - the culture at the “worker bee” level seems to be one of innovation and drive, but the middle management tier seem more focused on their career trajectory to take risks for their team or challenge the status quo.  The more senior leadership are spoon fed platitudes by middle management and don’t seem to really know the real scoop at the rank and file level.
We keep saying that we want to do things differently but we routinely put people in positions of influence that are Merck "long timers" and perpetuate the same type of thinking that's been in place for 20-30 years.  Additionally, jobs are posted when the candidate has already been decided upon leading to wasted time on behalf of all the other candidates.  There is also resistance to reach across organizations for synergistic roles.  Lastly, Merck puts too much emphasize on hiring people with phDs to put them into positions of authority that have very little practical operational experience.  Lastly, Merck talks about having an MPS culture but there is very little visibility to the people that are responsible for driving that culture and what the MPS teams are actually doing to make the business better.
I am completely disgusted with Merck's healthcare benefits 80/20 plan.  I have worked for the company for 20yrs and I have witnessed benefits go from excellent to horrendous.   If anyone in your family has health problems or needs to have an expensive surgery, you will have to pay thousands of dollars out of pocket as compared to the old plan where it would be limited to hundreds of dollars. This is a huge burden that Merck employees are faced with every year. This type of healthcare makes you not want to go to the doctor when you are really sick (GREAT CULTURE FOR A PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANY).
Stay the same.
Focus on business results and less politics. ** find more ways to remove barriers to job for field reps (consolidate on redundancy) ** keep competitive offerings to reps based on industry trends (i.e. technology support and financial)
Provide more hires for departments that are overworked, so existing employees don't burn out.
Increased focus on application of technological and business process platforms (with embedded innovation pathways i.e. continuous improvements) to enable products COGs reduction and speed to market.
Continue to give support to employees not only in the job, but social and personal aspects, as possible. We are living difficult times and some people are stressed while others are letting out the worst of them. Merck should continue rejecting any kind of discrimination and continue sowing the seed of equality and diversity strongly.
Considering we are working for a fortune 100 company we should be the envy of all employees, We should be making the highest wages at every level. Our health care should be blue chip with no cost to the employee. When you tell people you work for Merck they should be jealous knowing that this company takes the best care of their workers. I think that the wages of upper management should be more in line with the people they have working for them. or spread it around a little more so that everyone will enjoy the fruits of their labor. I think that the workers will appreciate that they are highly valued and will give back to the company and others.
Stay out of politics
As mentioned I'm very proud to be a Merck employee and my is to retired from this company.  Everyday I learn a lot and I also get support from my management for continues improvement
I think so MSD is already utmost care of employees on their development.
Continue to encourage change management and ensure employee's are heard, included and valued.
focus on programs with highest probability of success do more to reward cross-site collaborations and promote "silos to networks" focus on increasing retention in SSF and Boston sites - this may be accomplished if the above are addressed
Reward people that go above their job descriptions
Clear and attainable goals leading to career advancement.
Work on their gender diversity within both their Tech Ops and Operations engineering roles.
Some type of career advancement that does not involve changing jobs.  Some way to tailor the work employees are doing with their strongest skills, rather than to where they sit in the organization.
The vaccine sales force has the right amount of people. We are just not aligned like our competitors.
be more inclusive to union employees
Continued success as a division and a company as a whole.
Reevaluate to increase the Chronic Care Rep target bonus of $31,000 - haven’t had any adjustment in over 10 years. Wish summer hours would apply to all employees including the sales force, especially after this last year and a half.
Continue to develop and recognize key talent.  Provide flexibility for employees to reach a good work/life balance.  Appoint strong leaders that demonstrate respected behaviors and skills.
Include focus on talent management, retention and follow-up on succession planning.  Putting the right people in the right places at the right time in an expedient manner.
The support of working parents is so valuable.  I will always work harder for a company that respect and supports my needs to balance my work and life balance.  I guess the only thing that I think would be great is larger financial support for continuing education.
Fix your staffing issue. When I joined two years ago, the bar to hire had been set very high. Since then, it seems as if the bar has been lowered significantly. We have individuals who do the absolute bare minimum, make consistent documentation mistakes, are not team players, and abuse their work time. I have seen analysts watching movies/TV on their phones while waiting during testing, resulting in an unusual amount of errors that could be EASILY prevented. There are individuals with poor attitudes stating that they are not a team player, prefer to work alone, that they will not do anything that does not benefit them. Does this really sound like someone Merck wants to be representing? I have also witnessed this individual leave well before their 40 hours (although they are salaried). I have seen this on multiple occasions- which is utterly unfair to those of us who are consistently putting in overtime, going above and beyond, doing others' tasks because they were not performed correct
Too much beurocracy has built up. There are too many managers/directors thinking upi things for the workers to do that are not value added. We could eliminate an entire layer of directors. Most people do not work in the lab/plant. That is what drives our products and must be reestablished.
Make sure all voices are heard before critical decisions are made.  For example, new policies (e.g. QMS chapters) should be assessed for impact to current operations and capacity/FTE needs before pushed out to go live. This is critical to ensure that sites can properly manage the changing requirements.   Help us streamliine the process of change at the site level.  For example: Systems that have been implemented for change control are cumbersome and in a number of instances not value added. In many situations we are unable to meet critical compliance dates due to the time it takes to execute the change control process. This requires multiple extensions, alignment discussions with leadership, and introduce regulatory risk as a result of the lack of speed. For example, many areas are required to execute a Cat3 CR-A/CR-P for simple updates that pose no risk to a license. An upfront process to assess changes and divert (exempt) certain changes from extensive assessment should be expanded.
Before making changes, upper management should speak to the people their decisions will affect, and find out what best serves them.  Too many changes in the past year have made the end user's job much more difficult.  Management seems more concerned about what looks good rather than what is actually important for working efficiently and accurately.
Please look at better ways to balance the essential work that needs to be a focus and priority over other work that may not be as high a priority.
stay out of peoples health business. vaccinations and testing
Continue to retain top talent and strong contributors, and remain steadfast on braking down barriers and be more flexible with ability to change direction as needed.
Now, in times that we have to work from home, provide resources to be able to work efficiently and properly. Support for office desk, computer monitor, chair. The basic elements for the employee to be able to work well. There is no guidance on this
Work on the stigmatism that USW workers have towards Quality Salary workers in Production
Continue investing in people and technology to advance the way we're working. The world is changing rapidly and we need to anticipate and change rapidly too.
Trainings should be provided specific to the work assigned to enable better performance.
Continue with current progress
Using People best fit for Jobs, based on Experience and Performance should be taken into consideration as a equal Opportunity when applying to positions.
Merck should create energy around the Organon spin in a positive way.  There does not seem to be positive message coming out and recent downward pressures on cost and resources eat away at morale and energy for our new identity.  Relationships across MRL and MMD are so close to being great, but we cant seem to connect on meaningful interactions when it comes to knowledge sharing and decision making early in a product lifecycle.  End to end patient focus needs to be a priority and an understanding of the relationship between clinical, marketing, and manufacturing capabilities and priorities is essential for this.  I see Merck missing opportunities to connect with patients and HCPs due to siloing across HH, Regulatory, and manufacturing.
Leaders need to make a  better effort to mentor their subordinates.
(1) Give office workers the option to return to on-site locations.  (2) Add gym membership reimbursements to health care plans.  Physically fit people consume fewer health care resources (and are at much lower risk of hospitalization and death from COVID).
We seemed to have lost our connection to Inclusion and new hires. As new Leaders and people managers are being brought into the company from external organizations, they are not being upskilled in Inclusion and Ways of Working.  It has led to a noticeable change in culture and inclusivity within the organization.  HOW people do work no longer seems to matter.  People are extremely rude, abrupt and "belligerent" in how they talk and act to people.  There is definitely a fear to speak openly in certain forums based on this new culture.
Continue to ensure the culture stays the same as more people join, and the same focus from management on keeping this culture that has been developed since start up.
As we move through the pandemic and working from home, I want to make sure that we return to a productive working environment.  It will be very frustrating if I need to return to a shared workspace and wear a mask for the entire day at my work area.
With the new pandemic and post-pandemic world, I would suggest giving people the option to continue to work remotely.  It's worked well for over one year now and has kept many of us safe.  Let's keep it going.
do a better job at portfolio prioritization and resource ulilization. remove waste, re evaluate Safe By Choice training and its efficiency/applicability, more attention to people development
No additional comments
By keeping Communication open on all levels to move possesses forward at all times.
More diversity in leadership
Make leadership training more widely available to all levels to train from the bottom up as well
Merck has lost or is losing fantastic leadership from Roger Perlmutter and Ken Frazier which, in combination with other external pressures, is stressful regarding the company's future. Staying the course of positive progress and science would be rewarded with continued loyalty from employees, Change is recognized as positive vs inherently negative but with new leadership we will remain somewhat skeptical until we see positive ROI.
Better resourcing of projects and areas that are struggling with workload.
Merck needs to be bolder about recognizing role and power in global health space and ability to move the needle on big things plaguing health equity: access, racism, climate change, etc
Create a hub or networking site where people can meet other Merck employees and seek out mentors.
Review the job levels and make them comparable with other big Pharma
I feel there needs to be more career coaching for advancement. Let people stay and work remote if needed because of Covid.
Assure the deployment of: projects for streamline processes and for leverage D&I. Continue to invest in mindset for changes and growth and in education for inclusion, in all levels of the company.
Outsourcing expertise without developing it within Merck is going to cause a lot of long term problems for the company.
Make sure that all Merck employee's that are in a manger role or higher leadership positions have the training to do their job to the Merck standers and mission goals
Move forward with flexibility regarding remote working
Keep encouraging the employees to do what it takes to make a difference!
Focus on retention and development of high level contributors.
Consider work life balance more and ensure employees are not overworked or stressed. There are many colleagues I know are so stressed and never have enough time to complete their tasks so end up under pressure to do their jobs well. This effects their work life balance (include myself here). Everyone wants to work hard and do their jobs well every day, putting safety and quality first but this seems to be getting more difficult all the time.
Reward people on their merit and work ethic and not on the "office politics" Leaders should have more knowledge of who actually does the work and the true value of the work they do. Instead they have no clue and promote people who are good at "playing the office politics" .
Start/continue grooming new President Rob Davis' image to one of extreme good will and the highest of ethical standards. It is not an easy act to follow Ken Frazier in this position, but the company needs to establish that the new president is not a departure from the old one or a lesser talent. Get him out in the public eye today, promote his strengths and show the world that Merck management will not skip a beat with Ken's reassignment.
Continue to support the needs of employees during these difficult times. Continue to encourage, support and provide resources for healthy living, positive thinking, mindfulness and diversity.
The company has gone too far engaging in political correctness and is loosing focus on our mission and merit-based work.
Train managers more effectively, train team leads in managing people, make sure that your employees actually are able to speak up, create change and challenge what's currently being done.  This a mantra at Merck, but I feel unliked and treated poorly because I was doing these things.  I'm now not talking at all at work for fear of retaliation.
Better support Ways of Working throughout company. What's beneficial and applicable for one person/group should also be beneficial and applicable for all. Diversity and Inclusion could be practiced more and better incorporated into company culture
Territories can be more broken down that way the CSRs can focus on certain number of accounts. This can avoid emails being missed and less errors. Instead of handling so many accounts at once it gets hard trying to keep up with everything.
1.  Accelerate BD in key strategic therapeutic areas.  2.  Require stronger collaboration between Human Health and MRL.  3.  Expand/enhance public facing initiatives so that the public is more aware of the good work Merck does at the enterprise level. 4.  Help the organization understand the priorities and intentions of the "new" Senior Leaders (a lot of recent changes at the very senior levels).  5.  Critically invest in initiatives to be more customer focused/to provide more meaningful value (not financial) to customers.
In the deviation management space, when root cause is determined to be personnel (human error), increased accountability should be pursued.  Accountability can be accomplished via performance management.
I would love to see Merck and MSD to hire more deaf and hard of hearing individuals. Many of these people have to deal with a lot of discrimination in the workplace but they can just be as valuable as any other employees.
Decision making at the right level (lower) in the organisation. Give more financial ownership of budgets & reduce the continuous cycle of review of every FTE, this is driving spend up not down as we are creating an FTE culture not a financial management culture. Manage to budget numbers and targets.
I think salary range caps should be abolished. That way, true loyalty can be rewarded. We have been in the habit, for far too long, of training folks to go work for competitors. I know we cannot retain everyone.
I believe that working more and more on the intrapersonal and professional development of each employee. Paths that allow employees to evolve and develop.
Ensure people who are constantly, week in week out are working above and beyond their working hours are supported with additional resources before people burn out or leave.
Ensuring that priorities and resources are correctly aligned with reach other.
Increase diversity to include people that are differently-abled (Downs, Autism) into meaningful roles in the organization.
Actually having managers that are open to hearing feedback and suggestions from the lowest levels of employees.  Respect for the voice of the first line employees would be of great value for the site and company.    Here is something else to think about.  Is this survey really voluntary when your manager is insisting that you complete it because metrics from MMD corporate indicate that our site is the lowest responding site and this result reflects negatively on our site.
To continue to support the work from home even after covid is over and navigate slowly to the new normal.
It is challenging with the covid travel restrictions. Being able to travel to the sites I support will make my job more enjoyable by having a bigger impact with the sites.
Keep on being able to adapt to change and evolve, keep being a great place to work where everybody can feel welcome, useful and part of it.
Improve IT systems which support scientific applications (currently not fit for purpose). Reward lab based staff scientists and identify further opportunities to build a strong scientific ladder with a view to retain key talent. Support the modernisation of MRL with state of the art equipment.
Continue to value their employees and provide them with necessary resources to continue their functions whether at home or in the office.
Continue to embrace flexibility in work arrangements (e.g. ability to work remotely).
I dont care I am out of here
Alzhemiers treatment with Clearpoint Neuro as delivery platform. Worth taking a look at Immunoprecise Antibodies cocktail treatment for COVID-19 against all variants.
stick to the core business
I think for the onboarding process there should be both a mentor and a buddy, a mentor to teach merck work processes and help in a technical sense and a buddy to help with the smaller day to day aspects.
I think Merck has a problem with bureaucracy and red tape.  Efforts to save money in procurement are not well researched and take a toll on R&D as we try to overcome hurdles to get the supplies and equipment we need.  Probably the greatest threat to Mercks success is its out of control EHS department who makes it almost impossible to work here.  It's not clear whether Merck has a safety problem or not as humans are fragile in design and are prone to having health issues.  It's what keeps us in business.  What is clear is that the huge growth in the EHS budget, bureaucracy and the time each individual loses each day due to restrictions imposed in the guise of safety has not improved safety at the site at all.  The data is freely available from the EHS website.  Corporate EHS has lost all perspective of reality.  Time to dial it back if we are to build up to the performance and timelines we once had.
- Praise innovative people
Have products in late phase 2/3 that deliver significant efficacy benefit against SoC rather than non-inferior trials.  Improve manufacturing capacity for ISLATRAVIR so markets ex-US can launch in 2023. Why are we only able to launch in Q4 2025 when the trials will be completed by the end of 2021 - that’s unacceptable for patients!  Negotiate a co-promotion deal to keep our talented specialty sales people in markets where Bridion is going off patent.
I believe we have too many departmental priorities.  Management needs to provide better guidance on the priority of non-business critical projects and be consistent on those priorities to all team members.
Continue to work towards meeting the needs of the field sales force; resources / flexible schedules   Many field based sales representatives have large geographical territories with long drive times, but still have to balance the administrative tasks (long hours / work to home life balance)
1. Continue efforts towards broadening Diversity & Inclusion training and workshops.  Change takes time.  People get exhausted. But a structured training in mylearning among other efforts/requirements need to continue. 2. Flexibility in the workplace. Great strides have been made recently about doing AIP work in the field and not having to move to HQ.  In addition to allowing top talent inside without the standard 3-5 year pharma experience.
take good care of the employee and better work life balance
make pay more transparent and fair.  people shouldn't have to change jobs constantly just to raise their income.
Be transparent about our customers, suppliers, patients, and employees by publishing data reports related to diversity/equality/etc. Double down on the Ways of Working and INSPIRE and promote/reward based on being an enterprise leader, not someone who optimizes for themselves or their team.
The present type of survey methods on all levels of management that are not just limited to immediate manager perspective on delivering on our mission since all will influence. This component may already be capture and if so great!
Keep workplace (home office) flexible 2-3 days a week.
focus on retaining employees. Ensure there is upward potential for all employees
Continue with virtual Town Halls/EBBs, they are very informative
When driving transformational prioritization we need to be able to decide to actually stop working on some items.
Recognize areas where workers are under considerable stress due to limited bandwidth for an extended period of time
I think the move to 100% remote work (with the exception of as-needed instances) for US HQ employees was a massive step in the right direction in terms of attracting talent, creating long-term flexibility and work/life balance for employees.
To always make sure that MSD employees are happy and given what they deserve, to be appreciated and rewarded and check if they need salary adjustment within reason
Enhance teamwork, provide resources needed to get job completed, be more innovative on solutions (not just do it the same or traditional way), inspire and support people, balance workload
Eliminate the differentiation aspects of performance management and reward everybody at a given level equally.  Also, evaluate salaries of longer term employees versus new hires and external benchmarks.
Less administrative process, more streamline, accountability
1. MSD needs to make the processess much simpler and must streamline how we work. sometimes work can involve many handovers relying on emails which can be inefficient. 2. At certain levels, managers needs to be identified and trained and given proper resources so that they 'treat' people fairly based ONLY on their 'performance' and not on their nationality etc.
Promote a better work life balance
1. Make resilience and removal of complexity as important as efficiency and compliance.  They represent the next level of performance. 2. Stop unnecessary change, and fund proper change management for necessary change.
Continue to offer flexible working conditions, combining in person and remote interactions
Continue to foster transparency between upper management and the field concerning Company outlook in a positive way.
High level leaders need to empower the organization to make decisions at the right level. Right now, there is a tendency for LT to hold onto all decisions, particularly in the Quality organization. Streamline governance processes between organizations, including cross-division, to further minimize churn. Reward individuals for thinking differently to solve problems. Free up SMEs throughout the business to share their knowledge and be more active participants on transformational initiatives. You can’t solve problems with money alone.
Be concerned about loosing valuable employees with lots of experience.  Even when their head count is replaced, it does not mean that the job still functions as well.   We tend to work good people until they burn out and leave instead of providing sufficient staffing in the proper areas to support the work demands.
Continue to invest in the development/Training of there people. Continue to trust in there people. Continue to provide a great place to work for there employees and give everyone a route to bigger and greater things as the company grows.
Starting from top (C-suite), make hard choices, align on priorities, relentless focus on execution, reduce red tape and bureaucracy, accountability on operational and financial execution
Stop making politically divisive comments and taking political positions. It is inappropriate for Merck (and especially the Merck CEO) to be taking political positions, choosing sides, and voicing political narratives. This is especially concerning at a time when politics and opinions are having such a divisive effect upon society and our country. These comments have put many of our employees in uncomfortable situations with their customers. This action is very concerning to many employees and to many customers and will most likely result in us losing some of each. Many employees and many customers do not agree with Ken Frasier's political statements and are very upset that Merck has taken a 'political side' and voiced such strong opposition to the other side. I'm afraid some if not many employees will seek early retirement or employment elsewhere and I know some of our customers have elected to stop doing business with us. Politics and politically driven narratives should be kept out of the workplace.  Dive
Merck should strive to keep the product portfolio clean and manageable, to avoid future spinoffs.
- Implementation of Project PHX has created gaps in MSD organization and services to function properly. Post spin, we need to get back on Merck and MSD business imperatives- patient focus. - Get back to basic on Merck and MSD Leadership Behaviors to re-align on core values and culture while driving Ways of Working to fortify the future of Merck. - Instead of real estate led, it is crucial to strengthen HR Strategic Leadership to lead, influence and integrating WoW workplace culture and workplace experience into real estate strategic planning to ensure employees' wellbeing is taking into account, rather than financial savings alone. - Exercise better finance stewardship to invest on people and workplace strategy in growing and priority markets, instead of using one-size-fit-all financial savings strategy.
Stronger direct management support in developing employees.
Involve staff in fewer initiatives, focusing on only the most important initiatives to get the best return on employee time.  Contract staff. There has been a push towards low cost, low experience, low skill staff for certain core support work as part of initiatives to cut costs. This has added stress, increased time to manage resources without consideration on the business and personal impact to employees that need support.
Continue to support each employee on a personal level--keep checking in!  We are all going through our own tough time right along side of the rest of the world, it's important to show care and compassion.
Focus on providing quality products in a timely manner. It would be nice to be on the offensive rather than the defensive.
guarantee the human resources necessary to sustain the operation
I worry that future years could bring decreased bonus/earnings/successes after Keytruda plateaus.  Continue to drive expansion of new product innovation pipeline in order to sustain high levels of growth.
Empower employees, invest in them and build relationships based on mutual respect
Cascade information connected to Expedition 25; the work we are accomplishing and what needs to be done on a more frequent basis.  Managers to incorporate feedback and coaching into 1:1 discussions on a regular basis.
I think there has been a lot of progress over the last year with rolling out the virtual ways of working, and level setting on some key mindsets in our new normal.  I feel as though one thing people still struggle with is detaching, and taking vacation time particularly when travel is still not widely adopted.  I would like to see Merck do something other companies have done with either adopting 3 days weekends periodically or a forced week off so that everyone can take the time to properly recharge rather than continue to have vacation time accumulate.
Offer student loan assistance and employees to continue to work remotely once the conditions of the pandemic are lessened.
Merck is phenomenal. I wouldn’t change a thing.
Provide visibility into how the business divisions work together, promote development opportunities for older employees, and provide clear career roadmaps.
Continue to listen to personnel and allow a more agile workplace where decisions can be made at lower levels.  The current hierarchy squelches and dismisses good ideas and innovation.
MORE COHERENCE BETWEEN WHAT IS SAID AND WHAT IS DONE BY UPPER MANAGEMENT DECREASE ARTIFICIAL ARMONY IN CULTURE DYNAMICS AT MSD SPAIN SUBSIDIARY HAVE A BROADER VIEW OF TALENT MANAGEMENT
Embrace new ideas of streamlining processes instead of added more redundant teams, meetings, and processes.
Continue to keep employees safe during the Pandemic while still delivering life changing medicines to our patients.  As Merck and MSD has always done, continue to put patients first while maintaining the highest ethical values and standards.
Always engaging all in the future vision, continue on taking care of the most valuable assets i.e. People. More on  boosting the pipeline with unique products that benefit the patients and all overall humanity.
Focus on the patient, not politics.
Keep working on inclusion
Better IT systems that don't slow you down in your work
We are all aware that work time leaks into personal time in this virtual environment. The response of asking "R U OK?" and providing resources to manage stress are greatly appreciated, but telling a stressed person who is feeling burned out to do additional things on top of their work (exercise, seek medical advice, take time for themselves that they don't feel they have due to work demands) does not fix the underlying burnout issues. Protecting some extra time and reducing metrics of work, meetings, etc would go far more towards helping this be a great place to work and deliver on our mission.
Bring local mfg back into the company- stop hollowing out sm portfolio and network so that it is unattractive for recruiting and building talent.
Clear communication to the team on time  Dedicated resources instead of sharing or back filling diff works  Lot of initiatives with out prior info  Mental readiness of employees before assigning tasks or projects
MSD is one of the best companies to work for. I am proud to belong to MSD
Lead in new ways of working which embrace efficiency, flexibility and sustainability.  Promote, invest in and RETAIN talent. Particularly as we continue to work remotely, greater effort is needed to break open silos vertically and laterally, to build a community with a shared vision.  Invest in diversity of people and pipeline.
Incentive the work/life balance
More career coaching and guidance to identify new opportunities that would be a great fit for the professional. Especially when it comes to career changes that would be into a department that is pretty different from the one they are currently in.
Utilize digitalization to improve collaboration and break down silos  Provide competitive compensation and benefits
enhance communication/interaction between teams or departments
As soon as I was hired I my job duties changed to include enough work for 2 + people for the pay of 1. I am bring work home and doing my learning at home. At the same time there is not enough parking for the employees on site. There are plenty of employees with children who need . You offer this at some of your locations but not all. On a daily basis I speak with many people in each dept. many have to go out of there way to find a daycare. Most love there job but hate that inconvenience.
Decrease, trainings, decrease online meetings. Decrease emails.
Encourage greater teamwork and collaboration, however build in the SIP to reflect that also, there is too much focus on individual performance. As a result the culture can somewhat become focused around the individual as opposed to the whole team, and the individuals that contribute And support one another to achieve common goals
Ensuring that we are global franchise and enable company to grow with new product in the pipelines. Our focus from Covid-19 has shifted and we were geared to move forward with production. However, the production of our product should not have been halted just because of efficacy rate as there are many patients that needs the vaccine.  It does give me an encouragement that we had oral medication that was market with successful rating by MERCK & CO.
Flexibility is key to making an organisation a great place to work. I think MSD is getting better every year at this. Also, COVID has forced a lot of rapid changes onto the organisation.  I think great products and pipe are important and combine that with a workforce who is agile.  I like that MSD has HR supportive programs such as buying back leave, reward yourself days, etc.  I have heard others say they would like a more flexible car policy (one that allows reps the opportunity to opt out if they wish) and also a car policy that is competitive. I don’t know any other pharma company that has a car allowance  as low as MSD.  I also think a culture that encourages people to speak up and it it seen as suggestions for continuous improvement not complaining.
TRASPARENCIA HONESTA ENTRE TODOS OS SETORES
Have clear goals, priorities and distribute the resources accordingly so that people are not overwhelmed
HR & upper management can offer more, listen more, & do more to support employees.
Offer as much flexibility as possible.  Continue to improve on technology with a focus on simplifying rather than complicating processes.  The pace of the world needs simplicity.
More opportunities for career progression for employees
Latest technology
Initiates for personal and professional training for the employees
Merck has a lot of resources and technology but unfortunately new folks are less trained to utilize them effectively.  Also operations need more accountability rather than using Union as an excuse for everything.  Accountability drives improvement.  Newer folks should be upskilled in the ways of working rather than learn by mistakes.  Overall Merck is doing an excellent job in these uncertain times to drive the business.  Blessed to work here.
Improve work life balance for employees. Provide healthy food at the canteen.
Always keep their employees reminded of our overall purpose and why we do the things we do everyday.. to protect and serve the patients of our communities.
I think many employee are overloaded for good reason. if company have a way to constantly scan and balance the workload could be a great help to everyone.
better work life balance
remove as much red tape as possible
Provide more career development and acceleration for employee.
-Fostering collaboration and team performance in the areas that need it (individual performance is what is rewarded mainly) -Decentralize decision making and empower people to make more decisions on their own. Centralization is very disruptive and slows down improvements -Careful with extremely stretch goals (zero audit issues, zero mistakes, 100% quality ) they may promote dissatisfaction and low psychological safety (people too afraid of making mistakes)
As a new employee, many of us observe there is a subtle old Merck culture and Schering-plough culture with senior leadership with 15+ years of experience.  This is a barrier for One Merck culture we want to build.
Have leaders acknowledge systemic inequities within the company and outline a clear plan of what actions are agreed upon to resolve.  Clarify what constitutes Fortify our Future. For many employees, it appears to be focused on the spinoff of Organon and regular restructuring events.
Hire managers, group leaders and technicians that know how to do the job effectively. Screen technicians that bid on jobs in all departments to make sure they are capable of doing the work.
Better work-life balance.
Review system changes with local site SMEs and allow transition time
I believe there should be the opportunity to have full time remote positions with the ability to come into the office as needed. There is so much uncertainty and we are concerned about our personal safety at home with parents and kids and we would like the opportunity to work from home to ensure personal safety. In addition, there should be more diversity (not only race/culture/religion but also from a career background perspective), inclusion, and acceptance and less favoritism and nepotism. People come from different career backgrounds and can bring and add a lot of value to their current position so it would be ideal to know about people's background to leverage their career experience. If change can happen in a positive direction then it can really benefit the company.
Continue the work that has been done in 2020 for collaboration and innovation in Ways of Working, including the technology that allows us to work remotely!
Support a hybrid work environment for employees that puts the employee in charge of structuring the amount of office time they need to have over a month.
Focus more on the patient and less about the social topic of the day (racial justice, politics, etc.).
Provide more benefits, resources, training, mentor and simplify procedures (to reduce number of not necessary steps to process work to be faster and save time).
Ensure employee development and integration within workforce and encourage workplace flexibility in the post-pandemic era
The work load is greater at any point in my long career.  We need to have the "courage and candor" to stay no to projects which do not yield the greatest business value.  One of the greatest threats to maintaining our talent base is controlling and prioritizing our project portfolio.
Continue and expand educational funding as career development and career progression.
Digitalisation which has been done should be evaluated against the hardware capability - machine which are almost 20 years are expected to be able to cope with recent technology yet they are not able to efficiently do so, resulting in slow response and reduction in working efficiency.  Work resources are not available on certain critical areas in to enable the sites to make decisions at the correct level for Merck. There is a lack of talent in departments expected to take on this role and responsibility to evaluate according to company expectations in Manufacturing (e.g. Global Engineering standard) causing concern in having a gap for this evaluation in our projects.
Involve more their people. Open spaces for people to speak up, be more transparent about organizational changes and their impact to the team, workload, etc. It would be important for people to feel valued, therefore part of involving them is not only listening but actually taking actions and making changes. When people speaks, but nothing changes then they feel that it is pointless to raise something. Leaders should be careful on this kind of things. In addition it would be great for people to be part of the decision making process.
Hire top world-class scientists.  Dramatically reduce the ridiculous amount of mylearnings courses that need to be taken. Provide real logistic support for scientists so they can focus on the science. Care for the well-being of staff (true care not only jargon). That includes work-life balance, social activities, support leisure activities (could not imagine that we need to pay to use the gym), improve restaurants, providing free meals or snacks (at lease use high quality coffee or make it free at cafeteria),  provide true annual increase on salary (not just the 3% increase to match inflation, provide basic 401K contribution regardless of employee contribution, provide high quality training to managers so they can be effective and inspiring.
Listen to our customers to understand how we can better work together, experiment, and be viewed as industry leaders through our actions.   Ruthlessly prioritize finding opportunities to make it as easy as possible for our customers to work with Merck -- reduce barriers, create process efficiencies, prioritize any customer request to ensure prompt follow up.  Focus on the items that will improve patient care/access   Reduce silos to ensure compliance, legal, business  work collaboratively as true partners. to oaccomplish objectives to position Merck as an  Industry leader.
From a sales perspective- Be an industry leader in meeting the needs of our HCP customers.  Find better agencies and consultants to work with- Stop saying yes to consultants that recommend the same outdated and failed approaches other companies tried and abandoned.  The people I’ve worked with at Merck are great people and incredible leaders- there’s just no reason to struggle with retention in my business unit or not be the most respected company among our customers because of the way meet their needs.  It feels like many operational decisions come from a place of mistrust which makes it more difficult for the individual contributor to do his/her job and erodes trust among colleagues. I know- we are a highly regulated industry- but some companies are figuring this out and so can we.  I hope we can find ways of working that allows us to do everything we can for customers and each other while at the same time makes it easy to do everything we do the right way.
Amazing company to work for under great leadership. Launching new products and getting approvals for new indications should be FASTER.
Short summary of speeches made during the sharing sessions
Be more inclusive. Ensure that people who bully others are appropriately coached to change their ways or are moved on. The SLT standing up and no accepting poor treatment of others in the workplace. Often there is a lot of talk about supporting and prevention of bullying behaviour but little is being done about it.
Focus more on people and talent retention by changing the business model of not making majority of the task force being contractors (that come and go easily, making it difficult for FTE to manage work on hand)
We need to be a more nimble, agile organization that works in an aligned and integrated way.  We need to shift mindset and behaviors to be equipped to succeed in a digital ecosystem and become a learning organization.
The company can do more to provide resources to help create a more diverse work force, at all levels. Programs like OneTen and Year Up are great programs and I'm excited about their prospects. To that end, there is a lot of energy around 'hiring the right people' however, the pool of qualified minority candidates is small. Merck should partner with school districts with high minority and/or low income populations and HBCU's to build the diverse workforce we want to hire. There will likely be an ancillary benefit to offset the negative influence of social determinants of heath as families in these communicates may gain trust or at least investigate better preventative healthcare measure as a function of understand what Merck 'does'.
I have no comment for now
The Company should ensure that employees have the resources that they need to work more effectively and efficiently and to have better work/life balance.
Better collaboration amongst HH and MMD in alignment of WHERE the company needs to be in 5 years, and HOW we get there; Better clarity from MMD leadership in the HOW, and not just repeating the WHERE
To be able to manage the work load equally among the dept
1) Value the feedback and communication from ground up, these are the things that people do not often see but equally important.  2) Work to flatten the org chart, flatter organization can help to cut down red taps and beauracacy.
We need to de-bureaucratize our internal process and tools.
More emphesis on getting new products to market quicker. MSD is great at making their employers feel comfortable in the workplace and giving everything we require to do our jobs but struggle with product development
Secure vaccination to immediately go back to normal work.
Capitalize on what we was able to achieve on diversity and inclusion behaviors and keep follow new ways of working.
Ongoing work on how to stop climate change within and leadership of this external to Merck/MSD Share examples of how the Ways of working are being brought to life Further best practice sharing across markets and therapeutic areas to avoid reinventing the wheel
Realize the amount of time it takes to truly do good quality work and align business priorities and work accordingly. Most of the issues and ironically delays I see stem from the combination of the excess work with aggressive timelines and low resources.
Hire the right candidates for jobs. Look for relevant skills and experience as opposed to someone who shows good potential or is a legacy (has a parent that is a Merck employee).  Some of the candidates who get hired are so clearly ill-equipped to perform the role for which they're hired.  We have to be better than this.
Support re,otevwork
Continue focusing on our people, ethics and our patients
vision of MSD should be long term. Their strategic approach should be market and customer centric. Their should be transparency in every decision. HO should also analyze the efforts and recognition ratio in each HQ at least twice in a year.
Managers at various levels should make them more available to openly listen and understand key issues, bottlenecks, and concerns.
An equal progression for everyone rather than focusing the progression only on an individual. With this, it will allow equal opportunities for employees to develop their skills.
Require everyone at HQ to be vaccinated before returning in person so that vaccinated persons can come to the office freely in the fall.
Being customer focus like other Biological companies are. i.e. vaccine shipments from one day to the next day.  The time (approx. 2 weeks) that it takes to sign up a customer to a PO or Vaccine Brand Choice before the customer can start ordering. Price sensitive.
Decrease time of meeting so salesforce employees can have much time on field
There is so much that is broken and ineffective that it is hard to know where to start.  If I had to choose my top two items that Merck needs to do ASAP they are (1) quantify the impact of the new systems to the business.  Understand truly how long it will take the working person to work with the system and identify the roadblocks (2) Ensure the decision makers at the divisional level have recent working knowledge of the activity they are impacting.  Not a couple days of training, but first hand RECENT working knowledge.
To consider reviewing/checking the very tedious processing of policies & system approval procedures that uses different platforms that eats up time before completing an activity/program.
Focus on the business
MSD has good intention and many good initiatives eg WOW. However the communication to the staff and the implementation at the employee level is uneven. There are department who actively promotes the programs and there are those that do not. I suggest that for the important initiatives, there must be some way for the company to measure success.
more focused, act faster, streamlined decision-making process, less/governance and meetings
The company is a Global leader in Vaccines , however we do not have a program at subsidiaries to provide Vaccines to the employees .
Reduce redundancy in different Hoshin Challenges and have better overview of all linkages. Ensure new systems are evaluated thoroughly to determine whether it is beneficial for the end-users at all global sites before deciding on a global implementation.
Make medicines for the people and stay out of the political storms.
MSD all the time think first in their employees, through benefits, building a best workplace environment, and supporting other areas of the life with LIVEIT program
full tuition reimbursement would empower Merck employees and they would become more valuable for Merck
Hoping that the recognition for long term employees can be more robust as the current inspire points may not be encouraging for loyal employees.
The organization should emphasize the alignment across different functions rather than in silos, perhaps with digitalization tools for better communication and alignment on tasks and projects.
It cannot be denied, that MSD still looks like an old company like most pharmaceutical companies. This is possible because MSD is a science-based company. So that there is an impression that the company is not friendly to the millennial generation. maybe in the future, it will be how science and also the spirit of youth can go hand in hand so as to attract the younger generation to join MSD.
first off needs to find a good leadership in the company and managers, second needs to stop playing favorites in the company start treating all people the same, third do not believe it is fair to have a CEO stand up and give his side of the pollical views of company that he is running not own and he doesn't speak for everyone in the company and he is using his power in the wrong way and it's disgracefully, I believe you are treating your people on the floor wrong by letting people work from home and still getting paid same money and making more bonus, the people on the floor been here through this whole virus have been treated unfair and not compensated right. why does it take so long to get the proper tools and information to do our job, when half the time we can't get a correct answer from upper management, Last I use to love to come to work now it's the most hated thing I do, feel Merck is just a company wasting money
Accelerate the transformation. Force business and IT to work together at all scales. Value and manage information as an asset.
For me inclusion is really important especially these pandemic. We need to strengthen the workforce by having the enough training as well to the people in the workplace. Third, need to promote health awareness on the individual like good food in the canteen so that people working will have energy and immune system.
Empower the managers; giving them the ability to decide on how to build their team as well as support their vision with resources/budget.  Be more transparent with the promotion requirements.   The salary cap for individual band  should work hand in hand with the promotion scheme. The salary cap is unfair for individual band if the promotion criteria is rigid. The salary increment for individual decreases when salary is approaching the upper range despite individual putting in honest work.    All work should be treated with the same recognition. People assigned to perform routine work so that others have the headspace to do projects. Some individuals prefer routine work while others prefer projects. Both are contributing to the company's mission. So should treated with the same recognition.
Give more premium in terms of health insurance coverage especially for staff who has chronic diseases. Current plan is not sufficient to cover the entire family. Moreover it will be good to have Flexi benefit for staff to cover areas which they are able spend their $ on. eg wellness, gym pass, travel, or even donation.
1. Choose managers that are leaders. To do so, I would suggest looking some more at past interactions of the candidate with colleagues and direct/indirect reports.  2. It is sometimes hard to reconcile between the company's strategy and the site's challenges/targets/strategy. I see a lot of initiatives that are pushed from the top down to the site, and it's not always well communicated why we have to implement [I'm often hearing "above site asked to implement", and this does not engage the stakeholder in the site to support the activity] 3. MPS is often pushing for alignment (e.g. Tier meetings) across IPTs. I agree a standard should be in place, but it should not lead to them refusing for teams to improve their Tier. These tools are for the teams to use, to help them, not to constrain, and should be dynamic to best fit the need of the team. 4. I do not feel very reassured about the company's future (FDA issues with Keytruda, no covid vaccine, unknown potential in pipeline etc.)
Merck & MSD policy is very employee friendly but it is being ignored by Top Management of India and they want to drive the culture as they want . They are least bother of their employees safety and concern.  Even some one dare to raise the voice they target them personally and create the very unhealthy environment for that particular person.  Company should keep on changing the top leadership time to time and should ensure that they should follow the Merck's leadership behavior as it is  Which is best in the industry.  I am sure if you will ask to current top leadership team to say about Merck Merck leadership behavior randomly.  50% of leaders will be not able to say you in  correct way. But they think I am the Boss and I am all in all. We are loosing our work culture day by day .
better work life balance and better  on site facilities for workers
Better on-site facilities canteen gym etc
Though company talks about career development but in my opinion and experience it is not been implemented in spirit.  There is no career growth opportunities for RA function in AP region.  Existing RA team members are not supported  for vertical and /or horizontal career development.  Preference is given only for outside candidates with experience.  Internal candidates with potential may have gap to perform the role but the hiring manager is not willing to take the risk.  MSD should address this issue other wise it may increase attrition rate or may not get full involvement  of the employee.
Walk the talk. If MSD is really lobbying for diversity then the management should really open opportunities to all people regardless of race and based on merit of course. The opportunities should be more visible.
One has to think about the health of the employees, at the moment it is much too busy in many places. People drop out, and others have to compensate. Extra vacancies so that everything becomes a bit quieter for everyone and thus the quality is increased.
provide more opportunities for cross training
Transparency, Customer Confidence & supportive for colleagues and customers
Keep the openness and welcoming environment. Provide good guidance for managers on how to help nurture and develop careers.
Better training for people managers. Rewarding individual contributors with managerial roles they are ill-prepared or untrained or unsuited for has been my experience.  Please do not continue to promote to managerial positions those with little experience in MRL just because they are exceptional individual contributors. Not without training and support including implicit bias training and diversity training.
Little more efforts need to be made in planning of work resources.
Listens openly and sincerely, especially comes to different perspective.  Be realistic and understand about what is really going on in the market/environment/customers/staff. Don't blanket solution assuming the issue is the same. Different culture does has different respond/reaction on same action.  The better one can UNDERSTAND the culture and lifestyle, a greater win one will gain and achieved. Be fast and open to change/adapt. It's good to change but don't force changes. Using different approach to cultivate  the culture that people will welcome changes.  I sincerely love to work with Merck and MSD. Looking forward to a better Merck and MSD.
Improve ways of working between regional and local market teams, improve working conditions for employees who are forced to work from home. Consider establishing a regional Centre Of Excellence for MSD Quality that would support the local market GWES FM teams in complying with MMD/MRL/HH/AH quality requirements in their core work and in project execution.
less silo's. (people come up with ideas without sharing or knowing where to go to expand). More clear ownership of processes: who's responsible for what and is accountable.  Being diverse and inclusive is not just about race or sex, but also about personalities. Give everyone a voice and option to contribute. People tend to focus on the people they relate to only. Invest in IT and innovation, not just in words by in cash. Ideas are not implemented because of lack of funds, where they potentially save money overall. Documentation management should be easier and better aligned.
Seeing people beyond being just a means to get work done Appreciate difference of opinion and not judge colleagues who voice differing opinions, as less capable.
Keep looking after their staff, without the staff there is no company.
To give more priority on real hard working people to keep Operations are efficient and sustained.
-beeing more agile and flexible with not so strict SOPs and procedure - or procedures that allow interpretation and beeing flexible - friday should be meeting free - childcare contribution  - childcare or a vacation program for kids during school vacation - a flexible salary that is not depending on the position but on the performance
- Share (in general) the positive pipeline of future MERCK/MSD to the employees to build trust about the company future & employees' career path in MERCK/MSD - Increase the culture exchange/sharing and make more opportunities for employees to expose in different / flexible cultures
I feel in some circumstances it would be better to treat certain departments as individuals rather than under a larger banner.
need to improve Canteen facilities due to night shift workers and morning shift workers food is important for healthy life style but here do not have canteen at all time
All day to day running in Brinny is way over complicated, internal auditors have commented we do things to the extreme. Its not incorrect but we seem to be tying ourselves up in knots with procedures and political correctness
provide home office flexibility and support employees for more home-work balance
Continue to allow employees to balance personal life and work. Maintain the good retribution to the employee. Give to the employees more visibility of what are the connections throughout the different departments. Give more tools to the employee (such as key contacts) to be able to manage the work independently and more effectively.
MSD needs to stagger site implementations and needs to be more considerate of the impact to the shop floor people. Apart from supporting the routine work/routine issues, names/resources need to be nominated/pulled to support audits, implementations/improvement work such as QSIP and a lot of other initiatives. There's no head-space for people to breathe and don't think this is a healthy environment for the people to work on a long term basis.
Agressive project timelines need to be resourced appropriately.
i personally do not feel that long service is appreciated/ acknowledged. There ought to be more done to encourage employees to stay in MSD. It is definitely not effective to have to take 3 months to train a new personnel until he/ she is able to contribute independently, and to repeat that every year.
I think Merck and MSD done a good work and how I am very happy to be a part fo this group. I notice a loto of changing in the last period and, I am sure the the future will be challenging
Ensure all employees are fairly treated (management, development, compensation/benefits) across the world and all have equal chances/opportunities to grow regardless the place where they leave. Merck/MSD should avoid certain language such as “big 5” “rest of the world” “underdeveloped markets..”. This gives impression that people are valued based on the size of their markets. Equity in access to our medicines/vaccines and solutions should continue to be priority.
Equal opportunity for all employees, provide platform for growth so employees can grow to work in other departments when opportunity arise instead of one feeling like they have to leave the company to grow, parallel growth is also important especially when one has the qualifications and abilities   Allow a work from home platform for all staff members that can work from home and not only managers,
Perhaps allow the Surgical Anesthesia/Acute Care Hospital reps to have a S3 salary range, as do the Oncology and other sales teams. This designation also allows for a bit more target bonus.  Thank you.
Continue to keep the patient at the center; be intentional about keeping people focused on the company's mission especially considering all the ongoing changes in leadership that have happened and will happen this year; ensure that folks have the resources to do their job effectively
Better follow on action plans
I enjoy working in MSD, I always have . Over the years it shaped me to who I am as an individual in the working profession. If I was to recommend an alternative would be the option of condense working days through out the company. It has been seen to be efficient in other companies, working efficiently and productivity has increased tremendously among workers.
Ensure there is a no blame culture where issues arise  just understand where we are and what we need to do to get to where we need to be and ensure we stay there
Remove paper trail and digitize. Consistency across the sites. Continue to implement global solutions. Continue to find ways to eliminate the churn.
Clear out non-performing management. Hire people that know what they are talking about. Bring in an educational Standard. Promote the best...not the loud mouths and bluffers. Level load the work!!!
Day to day activities of a role should be streamlined first before been asked to go on projects. Review why Quality seem to be required to take on roles and responsibilities that in other companies would not occur.  Review workload  as it can be overwhelming at times and  can lead to long hours which can lead to stress in a homelife .
1) The company needs to hire more people to do the work that is required. Alot of people are over worked, extremely stressed putting in extra hours of their personal day to get task done. Management focus a lot on deadline and timelines and not the resources available to complete the task.  2) Coaching program/ development opportunities This to ensure people are able to get the right skills set to improve and grow towards their goal.
Reduce decision making process and coach managers how to cope with pressure and not pass it on their teams.
Offer part-time jobs and job sharing for existing employees as well as for new job postings. Be a pioneer and make advantage of the many talents that currently cannot apply for full-time jobs. Use synergies and diversity from job-sharing opportunities. Part-time jobs and job sharing should become normal and not continue to be an exception. Encourage and enable men to work part-time! Part-time should not impair career and development opportunities at MSD. Give people more time for the things that are important in life and they will reward with being energetic, innovative, highly motivated, efficient and thankful.
To continue to promote employee well-being and encouraging managers in providing support and resources for well-being. Also a 3 day weekend would be awesome.
Keep driving forward and continue to consider everyones work life balance. Brinny have been excellent to me o support work life balance and we still get the work done :)
More focus on people development
Complexity of work is increasing, which is a good thing. More detail means more control and insight. The big problem is that complex work takes more time and cannot be seen as a simple task and still expect “short” lead time. Conclusion; I think that the company (site) should be more aligned with the new and more complex future requirements.
Show in some ways that the employer listens to the opinions of the employees. At the moment it seems the opinions and suggestions of the lower ranked employees are noted, but actually thrown away afterwards. Also, please stop the growth of cancel culture within the company, it takes away the well-being and inclusion elements we talk about so much.
Training program should be improved. Product monograph documents should be available for all the products we manufacture and test, to ensure the process flows are easily understood and are clear to a new starter.
There were hopes that when Organon spins off and takes over the mass market products, MSD will be able to focus on the core business. It was supposed to be a strategic move so MSD can become a stronger player in the industry.. Maybe the process was too long drawn and coupled with business partners taking on multiple roles, the process saps whatever remaining energy and motivation the employees have to keep it going.   Employees will continue to be motivated by progress and development as an organization. We need to realize the values and benefits of  the spin off that was communicated so fervently when we started the journey.. Whether we're better off or worse off might be a matter of perspective but perspective is very powerful.
Many of us have raised the issue of lack of resource. We are being pushed to breaking point because of it (i do understand it is not a quick fix) I am being asked to provide cover to help my team (which i am more than happy to do) but not when that means that i end up working extra hours every night, trying to carry out my own role.
I feel that a focus on cross-site communication and representation on projects would greatly benefit the company. This would promote the sharing of networks, skills and ideas to accelerate employee growth and program progression. Within the neuroscience department we have overlapping mission statements or group names between sites and a shared interest in targets but do not necessarily share all information in a transparent and rapid way.
More Hoildays
Remove paper-based reports, these are wasteful, costly and time  consuming.  Our L&D dept has gone online except for a hard copy form that they still require (and do not start the process until said forms is received) and this is unfathomable to me.  Paper is overused and is impractical to deal with in 2021, especially for those working form home, for whom printing/Storing docs is a compliance issue.
It would be helpful to ensure lower and middle management is supporting new initiatives (e.g. WOM) and job rotations. This would support to leverage the immense knowledge available in this great company as well as the development of highly motivated employees instead of demotivating them by not supporting their motivation to do extra work to support other teams in the network. #fromsilostonetworks
quicker decisions making - more autonomy for the local affiliates. Currently too many approvals are needed from too many peoples before one can proceed with a certain aspect  of the job less hierarchy - more 'one team' mentality endorse speak up mentality less withholding of relevant and important information less focus on internal systems - we are not working in a quality assurance environment, the focus should not only be on operational excellence, rather more focus on business excellence  less internal meetings/less trainings, less distracting initiatives etc ....so that we can focus on our core task: the customer, the patient and supporting clinical innovation
Improve communications cross site about changes prior to implementing the change, ensure adequate assessment is completed on all changes before being implemented to ensure the impact of changes to ALL departments are assessments and addressed to avoid so many gaps identified after implementation. L&D documents need to be moved to electronic documents to provide traceability of the status of documents, particularly important with the new training updates. Capacity has  been an on going concern and a road block in my experience so should be looked at.
That means selecting the employee as the first customer and concentrate efforts to satisfy their needs. First step into customer satisfaction is understand what their needs are, translate them into requirements ad these requirements into SMART goals and objectives the company can meet.
I liked it when my colleagues took their time off to train me and some new hires on how to work on PI processbook. Perhaps more of these initiatives will be nice.
Offer to their employee to work from home when job can be done remotely (e.g. 3 days a week from home/2 days in the office) for employee who want to opt for it Offer to their employee reduced hours contract for parents with young kids, adult caring for eldery person, sick partner/kids, etc - for the employee who wish to opt for it, and facilitate those arrangement by bringing an additionnal ressource or part time ressource. Aligned with MSD diversity pillar, be progressive, an offer to non native employee the opportunity to work from their native country for a couple of week(s)/month(s) (legilation depending) per year especially when some of us have not gone home for well over 1.5 years due to covid19 restrictions.
Improve work life balance, Working longer hours is becoming more common with working from home and there is very little recognition for extra hours being worked
Ensure flexible working arrangements are available to improve work life balance.
When implementing new business processes and systems the voice of the business and system owners needs to be priority. The success of implemented projects should be measured by the efficiencies made to the business and this should be the driver for change.
Constantly keep innovating
Ensure that personnel in non-site based roles are kept as connected and informed as personnel working on the manufacturing sites
establish clear target goals and have more leadership to lead them
Merck is great!!!!!!!!!!
Continue investing in science as a primary driver for future business
Work harder, more and more efficient on digitization (we are behind on this one!)
keep and maintain the work flexibility in order to get the work done but also enable people to still have a balanced work/family life
have a promising pipeline
Facilitate the processes and remove the multilayer of approvals
Reduce or eliminate bureaucracy. To be honest, the new governance model does not help and simply introduces more red tape.
Simplifying the applications and systems like Comet
Re -start the whole issue of internal regulation and existing SOPs regarding digital and innovation. Literally change the whole method, the people and the way of thinking. The internal bureaucracy does not allow us work
Faster and more agile methods to implement the different ways of working to instill a community of agility and experimentation
Stop pushing top-down QSIP ideas that don't work, without consultation with site personnel. Stop introducing equipment that doesn't suit shopfloor needs, in the name of enterprise resilience, without consultation with site personnel.
Provide necessary training and resources for people to deliver on priority activities in their roles. Correct the disparity in wide range of salaries paid to individuals doing the same job. Don't let poor pay be the reason good people leave the company.  Genuinely make our workforce diverse and inclusive, be vigorous in correcting current imbalances.
PThank you for everything you do and always strive for the best. In my opinion, it would be good to pay attention to people who support processes and business. A manager without support and a team will not be effective. All the work is also important.
I think that the balance between work and personal life is very important. We all work very hard and I believe this is a key factor for a great place to work. And also I think that stability and trust are also key factors.
Work/life balance should be given more thought and support. If one wants to make a good job or advance in one's career that is challenging.
Keep working as a team and make the workplace second home to stay and enjoy, appreciate what we are doing.
Keep up the good work.
work life balance
Review salaries to ensure competitive. Would be good to see Rob Davies and EXCO hosting virtual Country Trips.
MMD south Africa must stop hiring people from Adckock and give internal people opportunities to develop themselves .Managers  must stop bulling staff
Actively have programmes/ activities allowing employees to participate, e.g. teambuilding, active day, recreational programs, fitness class. Or have memberships to some establishments to allow employees enjoy with family at special rates. Long service awards to appreciate the years of contribution by employees.
Reduce boundaries across teams
Company in large should encourage  people, not to underestimate some of people though or their thinking, in so doing it makes people to feel welcomed and to speak up...And lastly let's all embrace the culture in order to make a great place to work and deliver on our mission.
For now most of the steps are covered
Provide adequate head count, especially in departments that are struggling with high turnover. Operations specifically is difficult especially during the pandemic and other support is limited. The work required from trained employees to train new employees is significant and limits people's abilities. In additon, it would be helpful to have specialists who are managing departments be able to be promoted to manager so that they have access to the correct platforms. This will also help with union/salaried relationships.
remove workplace bullying, inequality and be transparent on how promotions and conclusions of vacancies are derived.
not giving others oppotunies to develop
Resourcing is big issue at my site. There is heavy workload and very tight timelines, Quality decisions are not always prioritised due to this.
to keep and listen to the company workers
Keep our workplace safe and more research and developments
The bigger our organisation becomes the harder it is to limit the barriers that keep us in silos rather than one network. We also need to be mindful that we have a tier system in our business but for this to be working effectively there should be equal amount of information being escalated up and communicated down. For sure this ratio differs between departments but also this ratio would differ between each site, although each site would have been using the tier meeting structure for some time, the maturity in it´s use is most likely also different.
Make quick decision regionally and globally
Track work flows:  No mater how many recipes/ instructions are passed down from person to person all working from home or in offices there is only one output the cake created by hands on ( the baker).  Do we need to be Top and middle heavy?
Encourage every manager to practice Inclusion and Diversity and empower their teams. A manager should not feel threatened by their reportees, instead they should encourage and empower them to take up the next challenge. Company leaders/senior managers should not be superficial about these very important aspects, they should lead by example and believe in them. Managers must listen and provide appropriate coaching to their subordinates.
Resourcing area to sufficient numbers. The teams do not seem to have the correct resourcing levels on site  as people are completing a lot of hours outside normal working hours to keep up with workloads
leaders should listen more to the people doing the work
I am working in a global position and almost my whole team is based in the US. I really would like to see them once we are allowed to travel to get together and to have a face to face meeting and brainstorm for improvement of our team processes.
Alway develop stronger and create confiddence for customers and MSD employees so that employees can be more confiden and more secure when continuing to dedicate to MSD.
More Work Life balance
Review what sites are being asked to deliver for new product introduction and resourcing at sites. Resourcing is the main concern for me in my role. Also working excess hours constantly is now considered the morn. This is not sustainable.
To recognise effort placed in regardless of seniority.
Clear process owners and shorter communication lines supporting empowerment at the right level in the organisation
No comments for EQA-LM as I believe that this team is on point in this regard.
The fact that the people working on COVID vaccines learned through the public media that the programs were cancelled is awful.
We need the time to "sharpen our saws"    We can not rush our Medicine recipe and processes.  We need to do the same with our internal work processes and activities.
Continue to share relevant information with it's employees, especially in regards to COVID.
Live as we learn. And let people be diverse, let people make mistakes that gives us experiences, and include employees in the team. Grow away from micromanagement.
The company should check and ensure those leader who are acting being a good example rather than give  non productive idea
I would appreciate a more well defined (and possibly narrower) job scope.  This would help me to contribute more effectively and improve work life balance.
Explain to the workforce, if there are going to be more restructuring, that may impact on job security.  Recent restructuring is unsettling. And impacts on team performance.
Updating the EBR our eternal batch records and overhauling our entire system every 6 months.
It’s super place to work for personal growth
More investing in talented people More investing in digital platforms
Providing the central resource that the med representative or product specialist can promptly access. For example, the med rep. was asked for the newly published MSD drug and the doctor request "NEJM paper".      Noted: It was quit awkward to inform to wait for the data from Medical team. And when the data sent to the doctor, the feedback was not so impressive because the data was slow-transfer and wasn't hit to the useful point (due to not directly communicated with the doctor) .
Continue to support, motivate, and encourage employees
In my view, nothing. The company is already a great place to work. Just keep up the momentum.
Management should give more support to employees  by listening their suggestions and implement their ideas.
Make medicines more affordable for LMIC countries. MSD pricing policies for both private and public sectors severely limits access
More accurately benchmark salaries to industry competitors, especially in Animal Health, in order to recruit the best talent out there
I don't know of any thing as we speck just in the short time I've been here its been GREAT I luv my job and look forward to doing great things and hopefully moving up later on with more responsibility. I,m very thankful for the opportunity and look forward to the future here.
Continue to have an open dialogue with employees to understand our needs, concerns and ideas.  Continue to be transparent with employees, it builds trust knowing that our leadership is open and honest with us. Maintain a great reputation in the public eye as a leader in the pharmaceutical industry, by not conforming to the masses but by doing what's best and what' right for our customers and for your employees.
employee development should be among the highest priorities and the current remuneration/salary should be revised as per employee as I feel I am not being paid enough according to the effort and contribution I put in my current position
We should remove barriers for innovation.
Leadership needs to communicate and align on priorities and resources. Not enough people to do the work and competing priorities by different stakeholders is making things difficult.
Continue to value employees and provide them opportunities to make a difference
level loading work in order to minimize stress levels
Evaluate and adjust the work load (distribute evenly or hire additional people) in order to successfully meet all deadlines and requirements.  Also evaluate the timing and amount of new initiatives being rolled out within the same timeframe (QSIP topics, new systems such as QualDocs, LabX, eVal, etc.).  Many new initiatives require the same people at the site to successfully deploy.
Continue to allow the work from home environment if the employee is being successful. I have been remote and I still feel as though I work day to day with most of my coworkers. No one makes it feel much different thankfully!
Important is to stay connected with colleagues and manager abroad. 1. The timedifference will be not always be recognized.  2. Support MSD employees to pick up the phone and call instead of mailing all the time. Through the mails important and/or urgent mails will not picked up properly. 3. Culture differences might have more attentions, as inclusion within MSD is great.
We need empowerment at the right levels and accountability needs to be emphasized. Innovation and Creativity also needs to be encouraged. Lets not get perfection in the way of adding incremental values
I think by following procedure  in terms of safety and Quality and have a good plan in place
I recommend continuing promoting work-life balance programs.
I feel like we are always fighting our management to make improvements in the lab and to testing. Management also does not address personnel manners in a timely or effective manner. Multiple times in the past 2 years, the lab has been stuck with employees that could not perform laboratory tasks properly. This issue was know and agree on by management, and yet they did not move or discipline the employee. The result is over work / extra stress on the employees actually adequately performing their jobs, and the implication that we should be performing THEIR work for them since they can not be trusted to do the job themselves. The only time management is willing to intervene is when there are consistent product impact and delays in regulatory submissions. This is horrible for moral and makes all of the other workers in the department wonder why they bother overworking themselves when someone who doesn't do anything and has consistently demonstrated their incompetency, gets paid the same.
Many of our divisions are Woking on pool territory,where many people from different regions are together.in our training’s we do not include anything to increase or initiate human values on regular basis. That’s how there is no bonding in teams to function in collaborative way.
Additional time off for family.
Improve our strategy training people. Simplify our procedures and systems, so that people develop trust in systems and don't need to go double checking on task that should have been correctly performed at another step in the process.
Never forget that taking care of people matters
Alignment of performance measures across divisions/functions.  What is considered successful in one place can often be contrary to how success is measured elsewhere.  I understand there needs to be some measure of healthy tension to provide balanced business decision making but it does provide barriers to decision making.  Also there is a gap between global and local functions-it is near impossible to get alignment to drive decisions forward.  I do feel overall as if we are challenged to do what is right for the world.
Fair Focus on all employees development  Fair evaluation of all talents
Don't try to do more with less.  Sometimes when roles are eliminated they are absorbed into another role.  Really think about whether or not the absorption makes sense
Merck Leaders (at all level) need to continue to make employees feel that their health and well-being are key to them.  To do my work I need more information on Merck short, medium and long term strategy not only overall but for each product and tumor site I am working on. I also need way more information on competitors, their products, coming data readout... and their strategies.
Encourage job rotation for career development and to allow how diversity can further enrich and challenges norms.
Create an environment that is completely micromanagement free. Embrace new ways/locations of working. Simplify the work process and SOPs as much as possible and remove bureaucracy as much as possible while staying compliant with Regulations. Endower people to design and build future innovation labs and data centers using latest AI innovations and quantum computing, in order to be able to discover and produce better medicine and drugs in the future. Invest as much as possible in people, innovation, IT and Security.
I will do my best to support this world and people around us.
Merck is doing a wonderful job in communicating the state of the business through this pandemic.
Continue to reward employees for hard work and dedication
Promote within. If you want the engineering culture to change from people bouncing job to job every year, pay them better, promote more actively. We have the power to change the culture.
I think Merck and MSD should equip employees with resources and we must follow procedures and not deviate from them.
Try to increase the job security.Recently, Any raised challenge at work will be faced that there is a risk to remove a representative from the team. The stress being put on managers is being put on us as representative, making me personally feel insecure though I am achieving my numbers and growing versus prior and previous.
More inclusion and technological advancement.
Internal bureaucracy (compliance & SOPs) do not enable being agile.
I feel very blessed and lucky to work for Merck. I have nothing innovative to share at this time.
Recognize the challenges created by mass people moves, talent and training challenges.  As that when certain groups are trying to drive value capture and drive Separation and transformation - other groups with different missions are off setting gains by increasing cost and complexity.  (Data Integrity as an example) -  IT Capital cost, increased operations cost, greater complexity etc.  I am not saying DI is not required - just recognize and scrutinize it and maybe consider timing..
Treat the entire company the same.  For instance if we go back hybrid - the entire company should - and different departments should not have different guidelines.......for certain groups of employees.  Just fairness.
Use the right resource and right person
Less reactivity to political / media narratives. Invest in the most powerful/complete data analysis/visualization software (e.g. we don't yet have enterprise level PowerBI)
Keep doing what you do!  Amazing company to work for!
MEDIDAS DE SEGURANÇA,MELHORIAS PARA TODOS COLABORADORES
Have a louder voice to remove the barriers, facilitate aid, and drive towards getting this pandemic behind us.  Also be a leader to renovate the system to minimize the impact for any future pandemics or other health care related issues.
align resources to the most impactful areas of the company
Focus on innovation and decrease of processes complexity
Provide more resources to allow various high-priority projects to be completed in a timely, efficient and less stressful manner
work as a team and stay strong
More support to help WorkLife balance.
This is a huge company with a lot of departments, functions. It is very hard to make everyone happy in every aspect. I am SO grateful to work for such an amazing company that is dedicated to making substantial contributions to the healthcare environment. I am very proud to work here! One part of that success is designing and implementing very successful clinical trials. We certainly deliver on asking excellent scientific questions in our clinical trials. Selecting the right trials sites is very important, making sure they have the right patient population, engaged PIs, adequate research staff so that all of the documentation gets turned in. Sometimes (and very understandably) it seems we rely heavily on US sites that we have successfully worked with in the past, rather than if they are the best fit for the current clinical trial; having the most appropriate sites engaged can impact successful enrollment in the US and the success of the study.
People in higher positions should "visit" the areas they govern frequently to stay in the know on daily issues causing a delay/struggles on meeting goals. More often than not decisions are made with unrealistic goals/deadlines in mind. For example the weighing balances were just thrown out with an implementation date with no training on the new balance, then you ask why are there QNs? Next, you cannot visit once when there will be an inspection and expect improvements in a few days. Help your team meet YOUR goals by being part of the team, lead by example, know who needs to make improvements and have those conversations. Help your team by asking the correct questions and providing follow-up even if they are not the answers your team is looking for.
offer competitive salaries and benefits, make sure teams are properly resourced
Focus on the patients first.  The outgoing CEO needs to stop acting like a political hack and focus on the great diversity that Merck has championed for years.  Focus on this company.  Look for the good in people instead of joining in the politically divisive rhetoric designed to separate us.  The behavior of our CEO is embarrassing and a narcissistic.  Please remove the politics and focus on the patients and the greatness of this company.
The Employee's annual performance should be measured based on the fulfillment of the employee's objectives defined in the beginning of the year, rather than on the opinions of its peers.  This objectives should clarify what is expected from the Employee, how his performance will be measured and each defined objective should have in the end of the year an evaluation from the direct manager about the fulfillment of that specific objective.
Ensure appropriate and timely communication.  Continue to provide flexibility for employees.  Ensure timeoff and balance of workload for employees.  Have leaders model these principles.
GIVE A PAYRISE TO PEOPLE THAT DESERVE IT AND HAVE BEEN WORKING SUPER HARD AND MAKING A CLEAR DIFFERENCE WITHIN THE COMPANY INCREASING ALL POSITIVE STATISTICS AND GETTING THING DONE ALLOWING FOR THE PLAN TO MOVE FORWARD SMOOTHLY AND SUCCESSFULLY
Transparency to compliance gaps.
Better training implementations for onboarding.
This may sound minor, but I spend 5% of my time fighting my IT in order to get to the work.  Involuntary software updates, apps not working together (go into a shared site, click a link and whether or not it works depends on which browser you are in).  Would be great if IT just enabled the work.
Continue focusing on creating a diverse and inclusive environment. Enable people development at all levels (development opportunities seems to be very site to site and manager dependent at the moment).
Merck should continue efforts at diversity, develop exceptional teams, and prepare colleagues for roles and leadership outside of Merck (as a way of bringing value to individuals and continuing to enhance the companies reputation).
Work and family balance is key, promotions equally for all with the talents (not only few and others need to apply for positions), and recognition.
The role of legal and compliance should be elevated.  The company has not had any significant findings against it due to the policies and processes rolled out by legal and compliance.
Provide an adequate number of human resources in order to allow for appropriate work/life balance.
Continue to provide a strong work life balance support for employees. Offer a more permanent work from home arrangement for all employees.
Message should be delivered effectively from top to bottom as the message is lost around the middle management as it does not encourage strong adherence to the initiatives and values that the top management envisions. There are trainings on speaking up, diversity and inclusion and yet day-to-day we face discrimination due to our race, gender, age and belief. There is obvious bias by managers to people who belong to the same race as them and to whom they identify, and this is demonstrated during performance review and differentiation. In terms of innovation there is lack of it at the manufacturing sites, status quo seems to be favored than risk-taking. We should listen to words from Rob Davis during the last EBB who encourages us to take risk. Management display Machiavelli and narcissistic style of leadership which benefits only the leaders and not the whole team as such there is a high attrition in the company with good people taking their skills and talent elsewhere.
Streamline decision-making processes, maintain a diversified portfolio, and keep up the good work on diversity and inclusion.
See comment above.
Employee need to feel secured
Have a determined focus on reducing workload for employees - multiple priorities reduce excellence and efficiency
Create a system to help develop employees who wants to advance in there career.
Continue to socialize the opportunities that Merck/MSD are providing for families (e.g., work flexibility) and highlight the great things the company is doing for human health
It feels like it's unclear what we're supposed to do. There are SO MANY priorities that none of them actually is a  true priority-we have to beg for projects every year, we're heavily underfunded (number of people actually working on project vs. project size) and project funding often ends mid-year (without business people we're working with knowing that). SW development model is one big failure - no wonder there are hundreds of useless apps we're trying to get rid of (all these 1000 apps initiatives) if development goes like this: 1)try to find a business problem that can be solved by custom solution 2)develop solution that business could be happy with 3)funding is reduced->working, but unfinished product is transitioned to support team prematurely 4)even the simplest change in the app is now impossible because nobody works on it anymore (it is just supported) 5)another successful app that is in production, but that nobody really wants to use Priority->funding->successful solutions
Continue to develop and acquire new and novel medicines with the focus on patients.
Communicate better between sites.  There is valuable information lost due to lack of communication. The ways some things are done are different in some instances where if they were done the similar there would not be a disconnect in understanding when eventually communicating with others from different sites.
Make internal review committees less formal, more approachable.
Interaction with my manager has become pretty limited and it's somewhat confusing. 1:1s have stopped since EOY 2020. At the moment, I feel deflated and without a clear path forward to the next level. My work seems fruitless while I see others with less experience be celebrated and recognised. It's a bit frustrating. I am considering alternative roles.  There should be a development structure in place in my group, so that those with sufficient experience that work hard are pushed to the next step.
Considering the policy to adjust the states of contractors and postdocs to permanent positions will help them to feel less concerned about job security.
decrease the amount and complexity of our day to day procedures and unnecessary trainings
Continue to invest in resources for digital engagement.
I think Merck needs to understand what the younger workforce is looking for and expecting in an employer and pivot.
The company stretched too far with the Covid vaccine and therapeutic.  Many people were hired to support a product that had a low probability of success.  If the vaccine and therapeutic candidate failed then those people would need to either be repurposed or laid off.  It would have been better for the company to move more slowly.
Being inclusive, empower people
Continue to wfh
Make Business Units Heads  and all employees accountable for business results and deal with them when they fail. Create fair recruitment process for internal employees and eliminate favoritism in Country. Employees who have no proven track record, have not achieved any tangible business results get promoted faster than others. People are made to apply whilst leaders know who they want to appoint. Leaders claim to be strategic and progressive yet they fail to achieve budget, have no understanding of pharma business, run change in a unilateral manner, dictate on how things should be done, praise themselves for having done well when there are gaps. Create 360 for all leaders so that we can make input on how they manage/lead. We need authentic leaders like in Country. There is a lot happening you are not aware of. Conduct constant business reviews virtually and get input from teams. create objective feedback mechanism. We have micro managers that to claim to be leaders.
Make resources more available and evenly distributed in order to achieve the aim and objective of the job.
Replace equipment that is out dated so that we can deliver on time.
Make clever decisions not only in business but in the background support. Improvement do not mean just adding functions, devices, features... Improvement sometimes means remove items, decrease functions or remove features....simplify the things.
Continue speaking on injustices that occur in current events to make underrepresented employees feel seen and valued.
Work on retaining staff and meeting market standards for pay brackets
Walk the talk
I feel like our leadership needs to do more to illustrate the great impact our company has on the public with our life saving medicine. Specifically tailored to what we produce in the factory. It will help give front line workers a vision of why what we do each day is so important.
Company should provide the four wheelers for field colleagues for safety purpose.
Provide monetary resources to move to new GMP/DI requirements with systems that work at loading and processing speeds that not create delay times during testing creating time constrains for task completion.
Focus on talent development at all levels of the company. Transparency on pipeline and MRL strategy for the future. To be quite candid, it seems Merck has lost its sense of urgency. The mission is clear, but the urgency seems to be lacking. This is not suggesting we leave scientific rigor, ethics and compliance behind, but it seems increasingly evident that Merck is slower to invent, develop, and commercialize, novel medicines compared to our competitors.
Company should always make happy to their employees because if the employees are happy everything would be great and company will grow.
I think there are challenges with meeting the needs of our customers both in terms timeliness and in terms of their needs. We have tools and are taking steps but we have underperformed in this area.
I think we have a great company with very good initiatives, but sometimes they remain in working groups or workstreams and we should see results
Reconsider more private work space options vs. the trend of common work areas.
Morale in the cattle division, quite frankly is not great. We have seen a lot of talented people leave, and I think a lot of that comes from being locked down on Covid restrictions - seems like people left Merck to go to work at a place that would let them do their job. I understand that the restrictions are meant to protect us and our customers, but they seem to me, to be extreme and too far-reaching. Our customers are hungry for in-person meetings and I hate to think that it will probably be our competition that is able to give them that experience before we are able to. The recent Diversity & Inclusion training quite honestly made me feel like my company thinks I am biased against people who don't look like me. I am not a part of this demographic, but I honestly feel like the most discriminated against person in Merck right now is the middle aged white male. I'm trying to be candid but also not too blunt here, but this is how I feel.
State-of-the-art IT and workplace solutions and active career development.  Merck is a family and you feel that as soon as you arrive.  We do things the way we do them because they work for us.  There is a glut of experienced and well-rounded talent in the AD range that needs to feel there is a future and growth for them at the company.  Recent waves of retirements bring hope that roles will open up, but there is a worry that some roles will continue to get eliminated rather than filled.  In return, that opens up lower-level roles for early in career development people as well.  Of course, the best way to attract new talent is to step up our game and offer great tools (IT) and comfortable and flexible workspaces.
Continue to keep Merck employees safety as a top priority. Including safe work environment, honor and maintain flexible work arrangements (as appropriate for the job/responsibilities), and continue to challenge us and provide us with the abilities to continue to grow in our responsibilities and role within our organizations.
Continue with the same path, continue working on the personal part of the team
Not clear how the pipeline of new products looks like. Oncology and Vaccines makes MSD to a specialist company but we have to make sure to invest into new products for sustainable growth.
The Riverside facility has a committed group of employees with a great work ethic.  Please actively consider our facility for product placement.
Continue to have an open door policy for employee concerns.
More salary expectations and contribute to create a good work environment
Work life balance tends to be an ongoing challenge for many people.  While the pandemic has forced many businesses into remote work situations, I have found that there are less distractions working from home and it is easier to start working earlier in the day with no commute.   I would welcome more opportunities for Merck employees to work at home FT in the future since many contractors were able to do so previously and this past year has shown that we are all capable of being productive outside of an office building.  I look forward to many more years at Merck.
Merck should keep continue doing ways of working approach for a company
Stop with all the spreadsheets-Veeva can allow us to submit sample requests Move to concur and away from atlas  Reevaluate salaries  Overall simply process
The compny needs to reward people who are commited to making the company more succsessfull.Reward people who have less time off .
continued from 17... Compliance and policy lack of transparency and is always ambiguous, it gives us fear to do our jobs. There is no clear boundaries. It gets more paperwork and complicated.  Who cares when nobody hears us and is never safe to speak for the past few years.  But if you care for the business needs, please hear us and help us.  Please look into the upper management team and reshape power situation.  Our lost of talent management (direct/indirect leaving the company) is a gain to our competitors for hiring them.  We understand change is inevitable but not to a point it affects our business as a whole in a destructive way.  I hope I still have my jobs after this survey, who knows they track me down and fire me.  I love MSD and is a great company to work with, and I wish for a change that are align to global and Merck's vision.  Thank you.
Be even more aware of the competitive environment continue to focus on our talent development even in times of change share and promote our product pipeline with all employee groups
Always consider the feelings of employees when decisions are being made.
Review the offers that external companies are providing to MSD employees that are convincing them to move. Review the balance between the requirements and the resources available to achieve them.
Most concerned about work resources and future headcount turnover on my team. Planning for constant changeover due to significant growth at Durham site The new digital resources/systems are great, but do interfere with work efficiency when they do not work or require additional steps that are non-value added (ie: CPWS/ change management) Work/life balance is certainly verbally encouraged, but when supporting a 24/7 facility and being dedicated to its success, it is extremely challenging to balance work and life.
Better work/life balance.  Work load has become overwhelming during COVID
Ecological sustainability  Culture of Inclusion Crossfunctional team working
Eliminate 3rd party contractors who don't have a sense of ownership towards the business and continually slow down progress.
Be more open to alternative ways of working.  Sometimes i feel the company is a little too standardized.  One approach may not fit all.
More Opportunities across all levels for better growth
Encourage ideas. If idea is rejected we need to know clearly why the idea is rejected. Not enough reasons or thoughts shared when an idea is rejected. It discourages people to put their ideas. I strongly urge we have a meeting with the person who shared the idea and why we are not pursuing at this time
Even though the company has a policy of inclusive behaviors for all, it is not seen at all levels.  Specifically, the company would benefit by making contract/temporary employees feel more valued and included.  Even the nomenclature 'non-Merck person' seems to indicate that one not employed by the company is of less value than those who are employees.
Hold on to key temporary personnel (make them permanent) who have a great knowledge and understanding of the vaccine processes.
Help people that would like to transfer out of certain locations actually transfer for a better overall quality of life and work balance
A lot of my responsibilities are more than just in a lab; it is hard to balance getting extra work done outside of the lab when processes can take my entire shift. Sometimes I have to leave the lab to go to meetings that I feel are not nearly as important as the processes in the labs. Merck needs to reprioritize where production should be focusing instead of delegating assignments that are more an administrative responsibility. Most days I don't even have a chance to check my email. I don't mind some overtime, but I don't want to feel like I am living at my job. Possibly switching to two teams and have 4 ten hour shifts instead of us working 10+ hours 5 days a week.
Better up to date procedures would be appreciated.
To be a true agile organisation. I feel there's misalignment between the vision of the broader organisation and how individual departments still conduct business (not willing to try ways that are not tried & tested)
Do not create virtual or in-person meetings out of the business hours and especially those working to shifts daily.
Keep up with the pace of technology.
Offer more opportunities for advancement
simplify the process
This is a great company to work in.
allowing more remote work so that family and work life could be balanced
I feel that wearing a mask at work should be voluntary in outdoor space. Also, if I am alone in my office space and there are no people around, I should be allowed to work without wearing a mask. I find this very hindering to my daily business, my health and well being.
Encourage and enable internal resources to grow more than hiring new people, unless it is absolutely needed. Employees are rarely being promoted, even after giving exemplary performance. More Transitive and Transparent management would help in better evaluation.
Offer flexibility to work remotely due to personal circumstances for 1-3months.
Be less political.  Leave politics and political correctness out of the workplace.  We have to hear about this every time we turn on the TV or read a news article.  Let our workplace be a sanctuary where we can come to escape politics, escape the left or the right opinions, and come together with a single focus on our mission to help people around the world that need our life saving medicines.
Mission is great. I am proud to be working for Merck but there needs to be more ground level focus on employee development to retain talent and experience within the company. Take a survey on people manager, departmental leadership to assess satisfaction level
Merck should continue with the focus on inclusion and equality. Merck Oncology should look at the number of representatives in a given territory due to access and the limited number of inservice engagements per provider. Offices are not allowing for multiple representatives in a “live” setting which also reduces access. The current structure is not optimal for Oncology. In addition, the flat merit increases every year of 3% is not indicative of our territory success and the amount of coordination required to be successful in this model.
Please put more resources in place to support Operations.
Set clear long term strategic goal for which products and technology platform to develop.
Maintain a business focus while embracing diversity initiatives
Reduce internal bureaucracy and empower middle managers to make decisions
continue the flexibility to work from home.  some employees have a long (60 mins+) commute each way to work.  this raises health concerns and family time concerns for me.  the "workday" could be 12 hours away from your family each day.  we need to do a better job of work/life balance
Maintain a strong presence and leadership in all of it's sectors.
Create additional pathways for career development and opportunities for promotion within an organization.
revise salary of employees to match market average
listen to various opinions, do decisions and stay behind them, prioritize to where the long-term value is, improve people evaluation criteria
Wilson site is lacking opportunities for movement and promotion and sometimes individual development.
Have more conversations about development and next steps.  Allow for resources to manage work life balance especially during work from home.
sometimes i feel there are to many meetings.
I love what I do and appreciate the opportunity to work for a company I am proud to represent.
I would strongly recommend to bring back local finance/SAP support, I am experiencing a lot of trouble in working with external helpdesks in India (Praque is better). Introduction of the MDG tool was kind of a nightmare and requests via this tool are causing a lot of problems and are taking weeks and sometimes months to solve, even simple requests like extending a countrycode for an existing vendor. I really do not appreciate the Silo way of working/thinking of departments like Procurement & Vendor Management. Their non cooperative attitude is causing a lot of problems for the local markets. Some vendors do not want to work with us anymore because it will take a really long time to get their invoices paid. At the moment I am dedicating most of my time on solving internal SAP problems with new and existing vendors, PO's, PPRs, timely payment of invoices, etc.. If we can solve these issues, we would save a lot of time and annoyance, both internal and external.
Continue with its drive for excellence in research to discover and develop new medicines and keep a strong focus of diversity, inclusion, and developing its employees. I wish that Merck had this positive environment 10 years ago when I began working for Merck. I think that the more that Merck shows that it cares about its employees the more that Merck will receive from its employees.
To have more extra benefits, at the end they make a big difference from working on other places
I believe that Merck and MSD need to do a better job of holding individuals who do not perform at the required level accountable. I feel as though all areas have individuals that need to fill in the gaps created by other members of that area, which is unfair to the gap-filling individuals.
There is a deep-rooted culture of 'status quo' thinking/doing and it seems an inability or lack of interest in acting in ways to strengthen Merck's future.  We need a clear and ongoing message from leadership (beginning with Rob/EC and the HR LT) that agility, new ways of thinking/doing are the NEW EXPECTATION. We must measure against it and hold everyone accountable. In addition, we need to continue to infuse new hires who demonstrate agility and the ability to transform and to find and elevate those within the org who demonstrate those skills as well.  This is urgent for the success of Merck's future.
Upper management is not cognizant of the stress going on in some groups. Some managers don't have the technical nor management experience and make for poor managers. Merck should also make an effort to bring technology and application of that within Merck rather than outsourcing.
Embrace change - we need to change along with the industry and take a holistic approach to managing risk.  I've worked for a few other pharmaceutical companies I'd describe as pretty conservative.  Merck is by far the most conservative company I've ever worked for.  It is hampering our ability to innovate, to the point where we don't innovate, we follow what our peer companies are doing well after their actions are the norm.  There are many areas where we never follow.  Eventually this will catch up to us.  In fact, it may have to a large extent this year with covid and all the changes it has brought to the market dynamics.
I believe Merck and MSD are already taking great steps to make the company a great place to work. There is nothing as of right now that I can suggest to make the company as a better place to work and deliver our mission.
Focus more on work life balance and level load work
to create a better work life balanced to extend the employees socials benefits
Continue to support a flexible work from home arrangement and continue to annual bonus- these are the 2 most cherished aspects of working at Merck
Evaluate mandatory return to work requirements for those of us that work within travel distance to a site but have been successfully working from home for the past year and providing flexibility to allow remote work to continue once sites start to open back up.
Get people back to work in person!  Since the pandemic, individuals have been lacking in their presence.  It's easier to ignore tasks/questions etc. when working remotely.   Put money into antiquated equipment so that we can continue manufacturing and not constantly be down for repairs.
Our company already IS a magnificent place to work :)
Continue to encourage diverse voices to speak up and make room for them to do so.
Focus on manager training. Many people in positions of power don't seem to have any idea how to manage people effectively.
Model the behavior we preach
I really like working for Merck.  I have great colleagues whom I trust and a boss that I believe is a trusted resource as I work to meet my annual goals.   I like that Merck is focusing on diversity and inclusion, but I do feel that the content that we are receiving in  communications and training is alienating to some.
Listen to the employees who are on the ground and doing the work. about what resources they need. Make sure employees with the right expertise are contributing to strategic discussions and direction.
Offer as much support to sales reps as possible. We are facing burn out and lots of pressure to push new products and implement the new services all at the same time.
Truly sponsor making decisions at the right level. Reduce the amount of forums it needs to make decisions. Prioritize digital innovations that allow us to waste less time and leverage RPA to automate the unnecessary things we do. Take the lead from Organon on truly sponsoring new ways of working. Make it safer to challenge each other to do what is right for the company.
I have always been impressed by the Company’s desire for its employees to have a healthy work/life balance. However, this is not currently matched by the sheer pressure of the work and the frenetic pace. Having the space to focus on, and finalise, projects, before new initiatives/workstreams are introduced, would make a huge difference to ensuring a sense of fulfilment and achievement. This, in turn, would allow a fresh energy and the headspace to think creatively and embrace new challenges. Once back in the office, I feel the pace will naturally slow and become more manageable, and I hope the Company will actively support and encourage this.
Forward planning work, to deliver work in a timely and effective manner.
Merck is a great place to work
Some business processes should be simplified to be more agile
Continue doing a great job as of today
reporting goals, metrics, and progress for D&I, more training, development, and mentorship opportunities for people in 400-500 band (maybe this looks like networking/info-sharing events)
Continue to allow people to have the flexibility to work at home even after the pandemic.  Make sure departments are staffed appropriately and fairly.  Seems like commercial and medical affairs teams are heavily staffed and at times are trying to prove their value.
Recognize that expediting timelines leads to more problems than it solves and shoddy products
stress work life balance, recent mindfulness tools have been helpful
Facilitate career growth and progression through L&D, establishing programs and conference to highlight available resources. Merck and MSD should host think tank/brain storming sessions that include a a diverse group of people to resolve production and quality issues instead of working in siloes. Providing guidance and helpful resources to accomplish job task and activities.
New/recent employees to Merck, at senior leader level, need to truly understand MPS, Inclusion & the culture with real immersion, seeking to understand current state & working in partnership to meet the goals of the company/division
I think there should be more leadership rotational programs that are site based vs global based.
Connections and crossover for functional groups should be considered across all divisions. If our teams understood the after effect associated with their decision making, we may not have so many issues across business areas.
The most important is the increase in the company"s molecules and drugs
don't be afraid to remove the lowest 10% performers on an annual basis.  You get addition by subtraction sometimes.  Not all jobs need to be re-posted when someone leaves.  Tighten the efficiency.  Focus on equipment up time and  adding training personnel so employees get requalified annually to increase right first time. Success with those two ideas and we will see a reduction in QNs.
Let us focus on our business objectives.  Ensure we all feel valued and given opportunities to advance, but also ensure we don't become distracted by media and politics.
Clearly communicate resources for training and professional development.
More robust and user friendly  clinical study development application(s)
Please get rid of the RAT tracker.  At this point it is only hindering our success and putting a strain on relationships within offices with the constant back and forth of being in the field then out of the field the following week.
Merck was always Diverse.   It was a matter of Pride that Merck hired  only the best. It was about accomplishments,  What you have achived, What the company has achived and How you can contributed to the team, community and the company.       We were not about Politics or Race because that never mattered to US.   Now it all we hear about it
The number of meetings (which sometimes start very early in the morning and extend into late evenings) without a break in between is overwhelming at times. Work/tasks then need to be completed in personal time/at weekends which impacts negatively on work/life balance. The volume of emails is also overwhelming and it becomes hard to focus. If there could be a company wide standard applied globally towards bringing change in these two areas, I feel that would help.
Listen more to the experienced people "in the weeds" who see how misguided some of the recent initiatives have become. Some of the streamlining and automation efforts simply don't fit the complexities that must be dealt with on a case-by-case basis. Some of these concepts are good, but create less visibility and more confusion.
Continue to offer flexible work arrangements. For employees that can do their job remotely, consider keeping the majority of working days remote.
Become more agile . . . if we want to be the leading oncology company, take a leadership position vs waiting to see how many other companies allow certain compliant approaches before acting . . . address healthcare disparities via some simple actions (Spanish and other language resources for all products!) while working on longer-term solutions . . . break down silos between sales-marketing-compliance, as well as between individual marketing teams (e.g. Keytruda) . . . reduce "stuff" (50 bulletins YTD for my sales team plus e-mails, too many meetings, redundancy in asking different teams for the same feedback . . . continue to offer Gigs (great!) . . . continue to look at stock options, etc. o retain and reward employees . . . simplify ACRs for CTLs and OSRs in line with feedback that has been consistently shared . . . increase adaptation to evolving post-Covid world and modern learning styles (on-demand medical programs vs specific dates and times, short videos in field e-mails, etc.
there has been some talk about allowing more flexible ways of working. I really feel that a hybrid between being onsite and working remotely is very valuable to both the company and the employee. It has proven to work during thte pandemic and i would hope to see it continued as an option.
Be open and honest about the future of our company.
Evolution in the organization of work : Flexibility - Communication and Teamwork
Executives should be required to spend time every year working as a manufacturing technician.  This is the most important role in our company because they are the ones who make the drugs we sell. And there is a general sense that the executives don't understand the life of a manufacturing technician and the challenges they face.
Make bold choices on business development
I think MSD is already a great place to work. And I feel proud of the message being shared across the company to ensure it is a respectful and inclusive place to everyone. This is not seen in many other companies.
Being honest, keeping patients, and employees healthy and safe. Listening to employees about any departmental issues. Listening to good ideas that employees recommend to make the work place better globally. Giving employees that do not have college degrees, but have years of experience and knowledge opportunities to advance in their career.
More recognition of the challenges the pandemic has put on people and work / life balance. The work from home / longer hours has become the new normal. This is not sustainable longer term.
The 12 meals/hcp rule is greatly hindering our ability to do our jobs well. Some of our offices are opening back up, but most are only allowing 1 rep per lunch, some 2 at the most. The 12 meals/hcp rule and limited access with Covid, this leaves many of our tumor types or co-promoted products not being adequately promoted. It also puts us at a great competitive disadvantage when BMS, Pfizer, Astra Zeneca, and all other pharma companies not being held back by this rule. We used to be able to develop relationships and follow up on new patient starts with coffee appointments and we have had to pull all of those back because it counts as one of the 12 meals. We are also having to cancel appointments to save lunches for later in the year when we are expecting to launch new indications. Also, having Keytruda and Lenvima evenly weighted has changed the excellent collaboration with our teammates. The teamwork and collaboration was better when Keytruda was the main goal for all of us.
Merck is a great place to work.  I feel they continually look for ways to support employee's careers at Merck.
- change/improvement of global processes that are often very complex (for instance, because of outsourcing) and have a negative impact on the efficiency of employees involved as they require additional workload to solve problems that should not arise - possibility to implement global digital initiatives to local markets with a higher speed so that markets can start benefiting quicker and not look for local solutions which would be eventually only temporary ones - flexible work schedules and remote working after pandemic ends
Listen to the Field representatives who are working in an environment like none of the Sales Leaders ever have. We are continuously being told “what” and “how” to do things right now and none of our leaders have ever worked in this environment as a representative.
Perform the communication between leader, coaching personal and workers
Merck should continue to emphasize talent development and acquisition and push its digital platform.  We need to move faster and lower costs to sustain Merck into the future
What is more important, the proof of being taught something? Or the desire to learn more? If the answer is the latter then perhaps reevaluating the gravity at which college education is required for certain career levels.
Try to best define and communicate the priorities for Individual Contributors and mid-management levels. These levels are usually overwhelmed with requests from different areas: HQ, Regional, Country/local that can't be addressed efficiently due to conflicting deadlines and expectations. It produces stress and frustration derived from lack/poor achievement and inability to meet high-performance standards.
Pay employees better salaries and show that you value the people who work for the company. In turn this will give employees the resources to focus on inventing for life which will help Merck actualize the mission.
Put managers in place that communicate to their teams better.   We need to encourage others and strive to build great team work within our departments and the adjoining teams to become a cohesive team for the whole site.
-Provide more support or similar support in all areas (one similar area has 2 people in a unit op lead role, while another area has 1 that serves as unit op lead role for multiple processes/products) -Less wide, sweeping changes that are being made by global entities/outside groups that have no or limited knowledge of actual manufacturing processes (examples: changes to SOP numbers, requiring substantial updates to all MBRs; line clearance step additions to areas that don't process on filling lines)
Continue to have a mix of work from home and in office work environment.  It brings more work/life balance, and productivity is not impacted.  I am basically onsite almost everyday in lab, with exception of 1 or 2 days a week where I can complete desk work, stay compliant and attend meetings.  It helps employees to not burn out.
In terms of MMD  1. Continue advancing diversity and inclusion 2. Accelerate digital solutions - particularly at the shop floor 3. Find a way to generate simplification via QSIP
My teams is too small for the number of products/projects that we support.  We need additional resources.
improve Work life balance., encourage flexible working hours and long term work at home
I noted that decisions are not always made at the right level.   Many decisions rise to VP level and above vs much lower levels that already have the right answer to move forward.
Continued transparency and a continued focus on patient outcomes.
Continue to support the "Be well" mission :)
Communicate more effectively with field reps to uncover working conditions by region, and take that information more into consideration when formulating expectations. Ex: Our PSV and RM field visits = 1x/mo. each. Under normal working conditions, this is a non-issue. But for most of us, a large portion of our hospitals are not green, or seeing reps, regardless of our territory's re-entry status. Some are still dealing with covid outbreaks within the hospital. This drastically cuts down on the number of hospitals we can see. Some field days are spent dropping into hospitals and not being able to meet with anyone, which doesn't seem like a productive use of our PSV's and RM's travel and time. Lastly, we were informed that emails don't count as calls anymore. I can understand not wanting email blasts entered, but being that so much of our business is still conducted via email, it makes us feel like we have to be dishonest when entering our calls to meet the company's expectations.
Provide clear paths for career development.
Merck/MSD as a business is made up a hundred's  of silo's of people. The business as a result is very fractured and communication is poor across this siloed network. We often encounter conflicting standards or procedures when interacting with different parts of the business on the same topic. There have been in recent years a big drive to centralise many functions. It's implementation has resulted in many administrative tasks and additional systems frontline managers workers have to do. The centralised function staff don't understand our business and there are not able to solve issues when they arise. The business does not appear to value its supply chain. With the huge sums the business spends on capital expenditure and the costs involves for facility management they have a huge impact on the performance of our business. We need to look to look after our supply chain, because if you look after them they will look after you. Our business is only as good as it's worst supplier.
Try not to make our job harder by putting road blocks with how we do our work.
There are opportunities of improvement in adoption of digital transformation, information flow and decision making.
Work life balance
Appreciate hard-working talents more: be aware of people who talk but not deliver; instead promote people who really excels at work (not those who are favorites of the upper managers)
I do not have any specific guidance. I feel that Merck is taking very good care of most of our needs. It will be interesting to see what things look like after the pandemic. I hope flexible work remains and crowded offices are not encouraged.
Merck needs to evolve our working model and further focus on inclusiveness to help shift our culture towards our next normal.
Make sure merit and competency (scientific skill, business acumen, education) remain a part of the hiring process, not simply the immutable, superficial traits of a job candidate.
Add more promotional & advertising resources
Continue remote work options longterm
Inbound Pay Raise opportunities, outside of annual merit initiatives.
invest in technology to provide tools to help increase sales and product portfolio.  Ex. An app that can be accessed by employees with account information and by accounts with their respective purchasing information, rebate information, ordering literature etc.
Lesson the amount of layers to move forward a process (approval process )
Continue to allow flexible options to work remotely - it is a great benefit even when there is no more pandemic and allows folks greater control and balance over both work and home.
Manager and senior leadership training would be helpful for new hires.  Challenging 'what is done' is fine, but it should be done with the purpose of addressing a gap or failure, and not just for the new manager to 'make their mark'.
I have no recommendations. Merck is the best company I have ever worked for.
make finding parts in the stock room easier and make sure we have parts available for the machines. we should have spare parts for every moving part on the machines...
Flexibility on working from home - and not necessitating going back to office unless there's a critical need. More focus on the well being of the employees and work life balance. I'm so proud to wok at MSD! Thank you!
Ensure proper resourcing in order to achieve our goals without overloading personnel. Continue to optimize business processes in order to reduce redundant/non-value added work/steps.
Continue to drive the it's not just about what we are doing but how we are doing it message from senior leaders.    Also, there are many great projects and initiatives out there but proper human resources need to be in place to make them happen.   Work load balance needs to be important.    Saying "take care of yourself" and then really providing a means to do so with the right staff and resources is important.
Allow some time where we are not constantly 'changing'. Whilst we need to continually improve and move forward, it feels like we are always in a period of change, and not able to get commitment on resources while this is happening. It would be nice to have a moment to 'breathe' and feel like we can catch up, and feel prepared for the next big change rather than constantly riding the big waves.
I can't think of a better place to work. I am proud to say I work for Merck!
Eliminate excessive paper work /charts/ graphs etc. on the production floor, so operator are able to do there job more efficiently without human errors.
Always remember that PEOPLE are our greatest asset and our decisions should reflect that truth.
To be attractive to a diverse workforce and to keep talented women and minorities, Merck has to demonstrate that there is a viable (actual - not philosophical) career path for these employees.  Additionally, compensation disparities across employees, especially those with experience, should be identified and corrected.
Senior Leaders should move faster and be more direct.  They should accept ownership and drive work.  Things flounder when they don't drive things top down.  Resources just want to get work done and when Senior Leaders don't push things forward quickly work just stalls.
I feel we have the greatest products and the greatest sales force in the industry.  Unfortunately, we are extremely inefficient internally.  Slow approval process for new accounts, billing issues with HomeAgain, slow approval of marketing materials, lack of automated customer facing tools.  We are well behind our competitors.
Execute on the new CEO's vision to be agile and innovative.
Don't stop listening to the employee
Further commitment to D&I Further enterprise approach that further integrates Merck Oncology
- Training and Skill Development - Rotation and promote internal talent - Diversity Inclusion
Merck should reevaluate the organizational structure of Merck Oncology, to a more streamlined customer-focused approach. Compliance restrictions should also be reconsidered, with consideration of a level playing field.
Ensure teams/functions are adequately resourced. Resourcing is not sufficient in many functions across the business for the volume of work. This is resulting in employees working excessive hours (nights/weekends)  to manage workload whilst also trying to manage other life commitments such as family, caring for others etc., this is leading to burn out and exhaustion for many employees. Some employees  slow to go for new roles or promotions due to increasing workloads and under resourced teams.
I am very pleased with Metck;s job ethics and how supportive they are of all employess
Better child care benefits/support , particularly crucial for households with two working parents
Offer stock option to all employees not matter their position as long as they were part of our success.
Remove 'clutter' of new ideas that are mostly irrelevant to our day to day functioning and job duties (corp communications and most irritating  of which is the "In Pulse" communications is an example and most certainly not the only one (who is Lauren Moraski? why do I have to see her pictures in all these emails? Office of the Chief Patient Officer emails .. do I really need them?)     By the way the survey was getting picked up in the "Clutter" folder in Outlook. We can really use a faster connection to Merck servers (most notably Excel files that take too much time and slow our work down).
Assistant Directors needs to let the coach make coachable decisions instead of being anal in every decision that is made. Merck Wilson needs to allow more people on 2nd and 3rd a chance to apply for day shift positions instead of seniority on day shift being a blockage. More volunteering needs to be done offsite, especially during shutdown, so employees are able to save vacation instead of making them take their personal vacation that is earned. I do believe Durham does not make employees use their own vacation during plant shutdown.
To value the effort of the people. Not only assessed by metrics
Remove compliance barriers that could hinder our progress as we start to return to semi normal
Invest in system resources and balance priorities across all divisions.  Lack of progress is some areas in order to focus on specific products or system upgrades can create a defeated feeling for those on the team not getting the focus
-Increased focus on hiring and retaining diverse talent. Give people specific actions they can take. Help them understand alternative channels for recruitment, etc.  -Continue to evaluate maternity & parental leave policies in the US. Great progress was made in recent years in extending the paid leave, and I think we can do even better. It's also very difficult to understand and navigate the leave policies. The HR helpdesk is not helpful in this area. (I'm done having kids but went through the process 3 times at Merck so I know how confusing it can be!)   -Help people find ways to reduce the number of meetings on their calendars. We have a very meeting-heavy culture! Especially now that we are all working remotely...  -Find ways to move faster. We know we can do it... but unfortunately it only happens with priority initiatives (e.g., Keytruda) and in crises (e.g., IT cyber event). How can we maintain that spirit in our day-to-day work?
Eliminate non-value added work, and improve reliability of systems
More personal development resources sponsored by Merck
Let us back out in the field to do what we were hired and trained to do. Stop Marxist political behaviors.
Be willing to go beyond platitudes to express is gratefulness to employees in extraordinary circumstances
Keep the focus on quality.
Utilize management to encourage talent progression from all aspects of Merck's operations. Collaboration has become a common theme amongst one of the many hurdles in achieving the further success we as a whole are capable of.  It has been restrictive in addition to the uphill battle with old rhetoric that we aren't willing to part with in order to make room for change and innovation. This further hinders the culture of our field as innovators looking to find ways every day to make life safer and more effective.   From my professional experience since being hired on, I have noted a tremendous gap in training and continuing education support not only within my role but other colleagues have expressed frustrations regarding the lack of support. How do we close this gap within our departments and deeper within our roles? I feel that this is a disservice to our teams as I have witnessed some passionate and talented individuals climbing the same uphill battles each day. Thank you!
Thoroughly assess the pros and cons of a projected change(s) prior to the implementation to try and mitigate the setbacks that occur immediately after it's made effective.
even better collaboration with the MSD global and the MSD.K.K, and the better streamline of management/reporting to facilitate this.
Make the hiring process simple.
standardize the practice across the different facilities.
I feel Merck's ethics and integrity are second to none which gives me great confidence in the Company's future.  The fact that Merck has decided to partner with J&J to produce their SARS-CoV-2 vaccine was influential in my decision to get that vaccination.  I feel there are a few things Merck can do better.  Due to character limitations I will be concise:  1) Too many meetings - I spend 50-100% of my days in meetings and am still expected to complete my day to day work, manage a team, and work on projects.  This often spills over into nights and weekends.  2) I understand that the Company scorecard is tied to performance but the reward we received for our efforts keeping things going throughout 2020 was less bonus due to a low scorecard. Not great for morale. 3) Merck salaries and bonuses are not competitive with their direct competitors (Pfizer, GSK).  Having worked for other Pharma companies Merck grossly undercompensates their employees which makes it difficult to retain talent.
Continue to educate representatives on the science around disease states
Promote more female top-performers into leadership roles
Continue to allow more flexibility to work from home after we return to the office.
Issues: 1) Management has too many layers  - Majority of the time, Directors have no idea on the contributions from the lower level employees like the engineers. They would rely on the Managers feedback but depending on the Managers personality (soft spoken or not) or his relationship with Director, your contributions will not be made known and compensated during the bonus cycle.  - Furthermore, in the end as majority of the approvals was done by the Plant Manager (AVP), the middle layer like Directors are skipped over during the review and approvals process. 2) Too much job creep or JD not clearly defined. 3) Should include more categories for the job performance rating between "Middle" and "Good". 4) More benefits for the manufacturing plants like higher canteen subsidies, better menu, upgraded gym - The above plant IT department (Biopolis) seems to wasting money as previous already spent alot on renovating the office with expensive furniture. Now they more to Wework location.
Make sure the top of the company is aware of rules placed upon OSRs, we are told Frank, Wendy and others did not know these rules from Policy #3 are in place, such as limiting customer meals per year. Be open to making adjustments for oncology and not place primary care rules on this speciality
We need systems to support what we are asked to execute.  For example, we need a learning management system that is more state of art.  Workday is in place but the data needs to be cleaned up. We also need resources to support activities the business is asked to execute.  Supporting functions such as L&D and HR seem to be moving away from the business unit so the business unit needs additional resources to pick up these responsibilities.
Standardize the way users get access to our different technologies in a seamless way (i.e. trainings on how IT support models work globally)
- Merck and MSD must continue to encourage a speak up culture and appreciate diverse perspectives and experiences.    - Ken Frazier represents courage, compassion and integrity, he is a leadership role model internally and externally and has created a great culture at Merck & MSD.  It will be important that we continue to live and those values as we move to a new chapter as an organization.  - Leadership can commit to removing barriers, so that we can simplify processes & bureaucracy to deliver on our objectives and exceed expectations for our patients and our customers.  Global Commercial Leadership (Jannie Oosthuizen & GOLT) model this behavior for our Teams.
Develop actual career paths other than org escape.
With HQ roles moving to a remote working environment, how can we ensure there will continue to be a career path beyond the transition from the field to HQs?
Given the success of WFH in COVID environment, removing barriers with regards to job location.  This would allow for job opportunities not previously considered due to impossibility of daily commute.  Even if it you only have to be in the office a handful of times a month.
Lift the restrictions placed by “compliance” for interactions, whether in person or virtual, with customers.
Sometimes too many initiatives and new ways of working or systems were implemented too quickly for people to react and stabilize works and priorities.
Continue efforts to upgrade technological tools and prioritize objectives to enable employees to achieve an appropriate level of work/life balance.
Be more diverse and innovative.
I believe MSD ned to be more patient-centric and Empower the MDs to take more decisions at their level and hold them accountable.
decrease time for new product development for animal health-
Merck and MSD must give us the flexibility to explore and flourish within the ways of working. Our current digital tools have increased the hurdles for personnel to execute the work (floor, support, & more).  A simple yet impactful change for people managers, stop the madness of making all HR activities the sole responsibility of the direct manager. Perhaps allow delegation of responsibilities within a management group (ex M1s) to all or an admin to call ADP/Workday support for any of the group’s operators. Status quo drains hour of precious problem-solving time from M1s & up, and is a serious emotional bank account withdrawal. The HOP initiative is in direct conflict with QSIP roll out. Fix QSIP and all the digital resources so that these things help us achieve our goals instead of obstructing. Planning to Experimentation, Silos to Networks, Controlling to Empowering, Knowing to Learning: mean these things. Show it. Do it. Let us lead. Safety First, Quality Always. ~ Out of characters
recognize employees for their unbelievable work during the pandemic, particularly those who are on site. This has not happened.
Leadership program to develop leadership skills, inclusion, fairness, etc.
Develop new products
create seamless onsite work environment to provide flexibility to work beyond "normal business hours" to manage child/family care, especially due to limited school hours/child care limitations due to COVID. Provide onsite resources to manage health and nutrition (more healthy food offerings) that can assist in more effective work environment. e.g. create small "gym" areas and "recreation" areas in every building that has a substantial onsite presence. with central location of gym on a site, it is a hurdle in terms of the time it takes for walking to and from a central gym while on site.
We should beef up IT resources in the US so that we are not so beholden to overseas programmers who have no interest in the success of the company. We are a great company and we want to do the right thing but we are not providing our regulators with accurate adverse event data within our aggregate reports. Our team's honesty/hard work is not evident & we are constantly re-running data that is not always "fixed" by IT. We need to be less passive on IT output so that the HQ team can be confident we are supplying accurate data to the authorities.  We should be required to work hours we are paid for and should be allowed to take our vacations. If our personal time truly matters, managers would have staffed us at an adequate level from the start instead of filling vacant spots months after employees left and the team has picked up the slack. They are aware some are leaving over a month in advance so there was plenty of time to prepare and train new folk. Again we are reactive not proactive!
Across my organization, promotion and recruitment seems to be homophilous. Unique perspectives are only encouraged if they support the current line of thinking, bolstered by a strict hierarchy. Breaking down barriers and creating transparency from top line strategy to execution, opening up communication to leaders, and setting cross-departmental priorities that help break down silos; This would present further opportunities for collaboration, knowledge and skill development, and help to organically grow a culture of inclusion and diversity, as well as expand talent, overall wellbeing, and company performance.
Stay out of the politics.
I believe we have a great pipeline and the best people in the industry, our future is very bright 😀
Strong commitment to Science!
Merck has a lot of great pipelines.
Conservative and fall behind in development of new modality medicines. Decision and action is slow: e.g. COVID-19 vaccines
Depends on the development status of new drugs.
Innovations and other ground breaking medicines
Because I know there will be new product pipe lines inspite of our current situation though we did not created vaccines for COVID 19 I am very sure other up coming products will make a noise in market and will work as equivalent effect as other previous products of MSD.
People have been made redundant in gcto and keytruda will loose patent which means more job losses
Due to the pipeline, there is a bit of concern
The one of Big Company in Global
I personally am excited to see the progress of the COVID treatment for MSD
I  am proud to be working on a great company that improves quality of patients lives through innovative products and services.With much ethics and integrity in doing business.Merck’s future is my future as well and my family.
Line up of vaccines in the pipeline
MSD after the spinoff can channel it's resources in the area of focus.
I am excited on the development of other vaccines and medicines that would help save lives and will still give us hope that we have a stable job.
It would help to have more clarity on the exciting things in the future that will add to Keytruda and Vaccines
New products required for betterment of human health
Yes I am  proud to be part of MSD
I believe MSD will have brilliant future.
I foresee great future , because the way company has progressed in last decade , makes it , a strong contender of future best Pharma company
Not sure about the pipelines. What would happen post Januvia LOE is a cause of concern. Whether there will lay off or not that is also not sure.
Regarding new product and new therapy we cover .
In India I am working from last 6 years in CVM, we are promoting only one product. Not getting any new invention. So feel like that
New products that will be launched
I am excited about different projects and directions that the company is taking. I am not excited about the way these projects are handed out to staff in a favouritism way or with the expectation that staff who consistently put up their hand for work will always be available to do so.
Inventing new with new technologies
I feel very comfortable working in MSD
I can’t see any new launch
No updates on future products  in the Segment  of  Type 2 Diabetes
If I get a better opportunity in terms of finances, will look forward availing it. MSD is not good paymaster.
The advancements in oncology are breathtaking and the hope provided to multitudes around the world is moving. Yet, I am interested in seeing the future for other therapeutic areas starting to be mapped out a little more clearly.
Need few good products in pipeline as far as CVM (diabetes franchise) is concern.
MSD is global leader in diabetes and I am a proud MSDIAN. I am sure that MSD is having great future plans for every MSDIAN.
I am excited to be a part of such an outstanding company and am very proud of the achievements we have made in the past. and look forward to be a part of the continued success and development of MERCK and MSD's future
strong Oncology pipeline, committed people
As in CVM no future plans are there for any new molecules after LOE , and leadership team is also not stable
I am worried about the COVID program. So far not so much good news.
Mainly due to the products,culture and the ethics and integrity having patient and HCP as the centre of our business
Right
We don’t find any anti diabetic drug coming in Indian market within 2021-2022
I wish Merck successfully participates in finding products for global pandemic.
How we are going in future with no new molecule in diabetic segment.
Highly recommended.
We have a lot of chances and oppertunities. We have to stay ahead!
For sure MERCK is striving to keep the company very profitable but the employees are paying the price by a very stressful environment, Good people are leaving or will soon as soon as the job Market allows
MSD is downsizing and feels unstable
vaccine project for Covid were stopped
Excited about the pipeline
Excited is not the word I would use - curious, slightly apprehensive, up for the challenge.
The company focus  on people development
New vaccines
strong & focus work
Not aware about future plans by either BU or Company. Everything is so unclear by Marketing, BU Heads or L&T
Exited to hear about new inventions and discoveries
Pipelines are very limited
Yes am excited about future of CVM division
I'm excited about Merck and MSD future, great drugs to help our patients.  Feeling a bit uncertain about Ken Frazer retirement and transition to a new a CEO.
Problems with vaccines play a role here. The Merck COVID vaccine program break was not promising. Also, cooperation with J&J in the COVID vaccine would be more promising if there was less rumor around the vaccine of this company.
I am only concerned about our excess reliability on Keytruda. We need more than one winner to be stable for long term.
Haven’t attractive new products in pipeline. Concern the off patent of general drugs.
I am excited about the PCV program and new HIV drugs but disappointed with our lack of impact in the Covid space and I am not sure how the company will fare post Keytruda market exclusivity.
I feel the values and vision of Merck and MSD to be great. I am excited and proud to be part of a company that is looking to drive innovation and science to the betterment of patients.  I would like to see Animal Health be given a bigger platform to promote their innovations also.
It seems to be perspective company.
I feel a little bit worried about the pipeline : working in the clinical trials area, I fear that after Keytruda, there is no blockbuster In addition, many signs regarding savings or ramp down in resources, make people think that a big change (merger ?) is coming... and it can be frightening
This depends on pipeline success, some pauses or deletions of products not performing are disappointing. MSD revenue heavily dependent on Keytruda
It will be interesting to see hob Rob's tenure as CEO will be shape the near-term future of our Company.
Lookin forward to serve people in this covid pandemic by playing our part as an innovator and providing access to affordable medicines.
Fear for oncology pipeline
Am worried the company LT is detached from the current mood/emotional state of the wider Merck community. Also concerned about our long term position on the global market.
With all our knowledge, talent and experience we were unable to be at the forefront of the COVID response with vaccines and other medications and now look to be struggling to even have one med approved making a difference for the world. This observation sparked doubts on our overall pipeline and the continued success of the company beyond Keytruda expiry and thus we look more dependent than before on closing the best possible bolt-on acquisitions while significantly reducing our operational spending once again.
Some disappointment around Covid vaccine. It would be great to see further developments on existing  products as well as new product development.
I think we have a great future and great products, and I really enjoy our mission, our values, our approach, our being a family
I am excited but also worried what will happen to the business once we lose Keytruda patent. What do we have to replace it?
great future and pipeline - however, foresee challenging Pnl for 2021-24 outside vaccines and oncology for most of world
Pipeline produces new products in good pace, that is exciting.
Not clear what the next big product is after Keytruda.
No communcation on the future of the site/products currently in developement on our site
Unless radical changes are made to people and workplace culture, future is not prosperous.
I like the vision of being No 1 Animal Health Company in the World, however to achieve that we have to be truly World Class and I sometimes think that, that level is out of some of our leaders comfort zone
Disappointing covid data (vaccine and treatment) + a much slimmer portfolio than we're used to leaves some uncertainty for the future
A bit concerned about lack of products in our internal pipeline as well as dependence on Keytruda
I am excited about Keytruda and the potential opportunities it will present to improve and save lives but am worried about our over reliance on Keytruda and our pipeline
I am uncertain about the future pipeline and how it is going to influence the organisation. I dont think that Keytruda and vaccines can carry the present organisation and Hospital Care products are going off patent within a few years.
It is always good to hear what the future brings and that for example developments in research are shared. Additionally, it is good to know what this could mean for you.
So much coming through in the oncology pipeline and the business is diverse and forward looking
Merck has a very bright future, provided it takes care of its employees properly
I am excited for MSDs future - and I very much wish to continue to work for MSD - so I would be also personally excited about my future at MSD if I had more certainty in job role at MSD. Hopefully we can provide continuing opportunities for all.
Significant investment on site , new products being approved , bright future
I would really like to be excited but with the cancelation of the V160 project on my site and with the failures of some of our covid vaccines and treatments it does concern me. Also the lack upward movement of the stock price I sense a lack of confidence in the company by investors. I also fear for the future of my site with the cancelation of large projects/products in recent years.
All eggs are in one basket, some decisions (e.g. buying of covid producrs) seem to be rushed, lots of uncertainty around leadership and coming changes
Work life balance is not good, no planning for site constant fire fighting, agressive time lines and deadlines for projects are putting compliance and mental health of colleagues at risk. This is not a sustainable way to work.
Robust Research
Pipeline is good, world is changing, significant streamlining of global systems all bode well for the furure.
I'm excited but also a little bit concerned with all the changes going on in parallel.
I  choose "strongly agree" when I think about pipeline ar the mindset but have to click neither agree or disagree when I add on top of the previous the mode of action of the company - when internal processes and procedures consume most of the time of managers who have to do the job that should be delegated to supporting staff.  We have too little time to think of the strategy or build relationships having to cope with several systems inefficiencies, lack of office staff assistance etc
I am excited to know the next progress and success of our company, especially about the Covid treatment.
Worried about the lack of potential blockbusters in our pipline and portfolio having in mind the LoE for Januvia/ Janumet, Bridion and Isnetress
I feel our company is stuck to budgets which might be a risk to act on opportunities. With our CFO becoming the CEO my concern is this will not change. I do not know the new CEO but until now I'm not convinced that he is the progressive leader a modern company needs. Of course, he didn't have the chance to show himself so that might be coming. I'm fully aware my opinion is based on a stereotype CFO.
I personally think that the spin off will have very positive impact on Merck/MSD.
Looking at the current state of the GMP systems I'm afraid of MSDs future
The new Swiss Hub office and a move to an activity based office format is very exciting.
There needs to be a change in a more positive direction. The culture definitely needs to improve if we are to keep our strong leaders and people and make patients lives better.
The future of HAC is uncertain
The new business acquisitions in animal monitoring are amazing and exciting
There is not a culture of work life balance and the implementation of an agile mindset without adapting highly bureaucratic procedures is not consistent
I'm worried about the lack of pipeline that MSD has.
Focus on people seems to be deprioritized.
No prospect of promotion in my department,  cannot see a clear direction for my department. I must sat that i'm being swayed by the organization.
Whilst I am sure we have a good future, and whilst i think the Organon spin off is a good idea, I have concerns that we are (a) not ready for the changes that healthcare systems will make in the next 10-15 years (b) we have avoided new technologies (gene editing, cell therapy RNA therapy etc) in the same way we shunned biologics under the Peter Kim era.
We are focusing on some really important areas that not only focus on business value, but also have a great positive impact on patients and citizens
Merck is innovating and constantly reaching out to its employees for new ideas and suggestions.  It makes me feel actively involved in the positive direction of the company.
Uncertain about MSD's future. Not any large blockbuster drugs in the pipeline and Keytruda's patent will be expiring soon which could result in significant revenue loss.
The way how the decisions are being made within our company makes me worried a bit - mainly HR and overuse of external contractors in inappropriate places. We are hearing a lot about the need for those changes but no specific action has been taking or it is not visible.
Because there are innovative ideas awaiting for us.
I have some concerns considering the change of CEO
Very liberal
Exciting work in Oncology that will move Merck/MSD to industry leadership in Oncology.
A great working environment, where Team work and experience unite for a bright Merck future.
I trust Merck's culture and leadership to lead us through "bad" times
I just joined the company. There is a lot of change going on, it will be very interesting to see how it all plays out. It is being reiterated by senior management that we are all about innovation. What I am seeing on the ground is a lot of defense, make Keytruda even bigger. Without new ideas and more risk taking, the excitement is muted.
hope new CEO and MRL head will continue Merck's strong performance
I'm proud that Merck is assisting in the Covid 19 crisis.
Our new CLO and leadership team are excited about the future. This is energizing for myself and our team. We can help Merck to achieve it's goals.
Merck has a bright future, as long as Merck/MSD can build out the product portfolio beyond KEYTRUDA
The culture has reached an all-time high in my mind
We have a robust pipeline of products and Merck is always at the forefront of innovation
The selection of a CEO (Rob Davis) who has a Wall Street / Finance background was soul-crushing. My view of Merck fundamentally changed. In over 20 years with Merck I've never been more disappointed. My fear is Rob will turn Merck into a Quarterly-Earnings driven company that becomes short-sighted and loses Merck's core mission of putting patients first. I anticipate R&D investments will decline, cost containment will increase (despite massive profits), and Merck will no longer be a fun place to work.  Getting a low bonus multiplier after the resilience employees demonstrated in the face of COVID was insulting. Performance might have missed expectations in 2020, yet there was a Global pandemic that affected every person's life across the world. Merck employees made enormous sacrifices to continue to deliver. For us to receive less than full bonus, while the company continued to report billions of dollars in profit is immoral.
Excited yes, but also a bit concerned. There has been a significant amount of change and it seems MLT is trying to reduce spend to counter how our performance lagged last year due to COVID impact. I am also concerned about our COVID offerings as a pharma company. I understand the business risk of pursuing vaccines and therapeutics, but wonder if we've made missteps in our alignment with J&J.
I am excited about Merck's potential for the future. With the dizzying amount of change happening, I am interested to see the direction the company takes and the way in which it remodels itself. Will we focus too much on cancer, will we take chances on new therapeutics in unknown areas, or will we find specific areas to focus our expertise. Does the company going more digital mean there are skills I should look to develop? I'm excited but also interested to find answers to these burning quesitons.
Very strong pipeline and great move
I am really excited to know about the upcoming products of MSD which are in there pipeline and can really help mankind in future
Excited but at the same time a bit apprehensive as we seem to be relying solely on the success of Keytruda
I am new to the Merck community and I was excited about all of the opportunities that lie ahead. I will admit that joining the company in the midst of a pandemic has been challenging but I look forward to many years of longevity once I land in the place that I feel most comfortable.
I wish we did not give up on producing our own, even better than all others currently available COVID vaccine
We are handcuffed on so many things we can do as a sales rep.
Organan split leave a lot of unknown - with 25% less people we really need to take work out of the system.
Merck's future appears to be heavily weighted on Keytruda expansion and success.  Does this make us vulnerable?
Hesitant about all the recent leadership changes
Medicine / vaccines are and have always been the future
I think that within pharma, MSD is an exciting story. However, the actually exciting stuff happen outside of the industry.
i feel good about the future of our medicines and vaccines.
The culture is changing.  In an attempt to be inclusive and equitable we are setting groups apart/against each other.
I'm very thankful to be part of the Merck family! This is such a wonderful place to work and I wakeup everyday excited to get the day started. :)
A little unsure of the future
Yes, wonderful life changing medications in pipeline and clinical studies,
Merck has a great pipeline and the people I work with day to day keep me energized.
I miss the duo of KCF and RP - they seemed unstoppable. The unknown is upon us but it's looking good.
Would be good to see what are the other big products planned besides Keytruda and what is beyond it...
I feel that our company does not really embrace change and innovation in an open manner. We take a more conservative approach to change and seem to stick with what is familiar.  The company does not embrace remote work or technology as much as other innovative forward thinking companies.
I am very saddened by the stance our leaders at Merck have taken over the past year.  Too much politicization!  My employer is my employer, not my moral compass.  And our CEO should keep his own personal political views to himself.  Share it on his own time not our companies.
The Organon spin-off will have a lot of impact, which still needs to materialise
I am concerned about the retirement of the leaders that have taken the company to its acme.  In the wake of these retirements, many talented people who have made the company a great place to work have left and I am less comfortable with the people now in charge.  New people recruited to the company are not familiar with the culture and processes and contributing to the uncertainty.
So many changes across 2021, brings caution
Seems to have a decent pipeline outside of oncology
In my role I am less informed about our early development/pipeline research and thus have less insights into our scientific future.
I overall am excited about the future of Merck and our innovation in the field of medicine, but I feel less so about Organon and things to come with the split and potential changes in our roles.
Alot of changes are happening & I feel I'm not aware, which cause me pause and lower my enthusiasm level--just a notch.  Changes in physical workspace to company officers.  If asked this same question a year from now I believe I'd have a greater sense of everything & a stronger confidence in the direction our company is moving.  Working remote for over a year has in a sense distanced me from greater picture & I don't feel as confident as I did with company prior to March 2020.
I'm anxious about Keytruda coming off patent, and what we have in the works.
There have been a lot of changes to management as of late.  Not just at the Global Level (Merck CEO, MRL Head), but also at the lower levels.  And there have been some reorganizations, which do not seem to impact me directly but may trickle down.  I'm not necessarily nervous about these changes, genuinely curious how these changes will impact Merck and MSD in the short- and long-term.
We need to explore more therapeutic area and more innovation rather then relying only on Keytruda
I’m concerned about what Covid has done regarding provider access.  This would apply to all pharma companies, ie., the future of all pharma.
May be too much emphasis on cancer research at expense of other things
We have a good pipeline
Merck's vision and mission are both great, and I have always felt proud to say I work at Merck. I am excited to see what the future holds under Rob's leadership.
Very uncertain times for the economy.
My only concern is that we need to be more agile and keep up with fast-evolving environment. Merck is a bit conservative and slow.
I agree, although I'm a little nervous about how changes in management could impact us. Also concern about the late stage pipeline & making sure we can fill the gap as Keytruda goes off patent
Stagnant business atm
Fairly Low 2020 AIP Payout  among Pharma group
I think Merck is a great company, but I am concerned about the future pipeline with the coming LOE on Keytruda and I am concerned about the future of drug prices and the impact that will have on Merck's revenue. I'm concerned this could lead to financial constraints and possibly headcount reductions.
I have concerns about our MRL.  That fact that we were unable to develop  a covid vaccine and still had to punt on some of our Covid treatments cause me to have concern regarding our research and development.    I have concerns about the company’s “position” when it comes to politics and events that are happening in the community.  Ones person’s position should not be representative of the entire company.   We serve everyone. And we have to answer to shareholders.
By keeping patients in mind with everything we do, I believe we will always have a place moving forward and that is very exciting!!
Believe the company has a good direction but with the hiring freeze makes people nervous.  Also, the company acts as a primary care company and not a leading oncology company.  The reps can not do basic things.  It’s good to have strong compliance but they need to listen to the field
I am hesitant from selecting "strongly agreed" because of the importance Ken Frazier played in the culture of the Company and the uncertainty of whether any CEO could live up to his legacy.  I am excited about the Merck pipeline and our mission.
About upcoming products in CVM BU
Merck's response to the pandemic, transparency about business continuity/other projects in the pipeline, focus on innovation/research is inspiring.
Concerns regarding future of Chronic Care specifically
Nervous about CEO change
Our future would be brighter if we weren’t constantly paralyzed by fear of legal issues and policies.
Strategy to focus on specialty drugs is a solid one.
Tempered excitement in chronic care organization-hoping new products are an opportunity to continue to bring new, novel medicine to providers and patients
I am hopeful that covid treatment and chronic cough get approved.  If they do, it increase my comfort level with being in Chronic Care and the longevity of the division.  If they do not get approved, I am very concerned with the viability of Chronic Care as it is structured
I'm excited about what we can do, but something absolutely must change in the way we do it in order to reach our goals. Right now, everyone is overwhelmed, often working more than their 40 hours a week in order to accomplish everything and getting really burnt out. If we continue on this way, it will begin to actively hamper our larger goals
Looking at the erosion of products in all areas of our portfolios outside of Oncology between now and 2024 is very concerning. I have real concerns regarding my future with Merck.
Concern about pipeline for Hospital Portfolio
Merck is a great company, but I am concerned about the silos that it operates in. Because Merck is so adverse to risk, compliance has a strong hold on the company and it damages our ability to be innovative and creative. The walls of compliance need to be torn down and trust needs to be rebuilt.
too much focus on keytruda and cancer.  stick to the things we are also good at!
I am quite excited about the future of our company, as the focus is quite clearly communicated by our leadership. I would be happy to hear more on how we will reach these targets, how we will leverage or take into the consideration of the diversity of challenges/opportunities across the globe.
seems like alot of impactful products are in the pipeline and that Merck is always innovating
Cost reduction seems to be a theme over growth and moving quickly.
Not sure what the future holds for oncology.
Chronic care products lack viable science to compete
Future in Oncology
I am worried about the future because the COVID vaccine program has been discontinuated.
A growing company is always opens up a lot of potential for internal growth.
I'm excited for our near-term ability to help our patients lead healthy lives. I also realize we have a strong pipeline, but I do worry about our ability to weather the Januvia and then the Keytruda US LOE dates.
Keytruda is the backbone of the organization.
We have an opportunity to be a lean but large biopharma powerhouse
I’m excited to hear what is on the horizon within oncology as well as other markets.
New innovations in R and D.. Committed to Diversity and inclusion.
I am fearful of the direction we are headed as an organization.  We, as much of the country, are embracing Marxist Critical Race Theory and are pushing it on our employees.  In this way of thinking, everything is about race, everything is about putting people into groups.  You are either a member of the oppressor group, or a member of the oppressed group, and this is based on your skin color, gender, or some other victim category.  Marxists are great at tearing things down and awful at building anything up.  This is the direction of our nation and we have fully embraced this as an organization.
New product pipeline and hopefully a bright future with it. Plenty of growth occurring at my own site.
too much pressure
I"m a bit nervous about the ongoing and upcoming senior leadership changes, but the future looks bright for the Keytruda franchise.
We are doing really great things. The scientific potential is huge and the business impact of our existing products is really helping people.
MSD is a great company which looks for the improvement of the health of patients and also is it strongly committed with wellbeing of its employees.
Difficult to strongly agree in times during the Pandemic which is negatively impacting all companies. Impacts of Organon spin also causes a degree of uncertainty
The evolution of our organization follows the pulse of the humankind. Innovation has been the cornerstone of Merck’ work worldwide.
Excited, yet nervous about potential layoffs, restructuring, and merging/spinoffs with competitors.
I feel like Merck's vaccine technologies are.....stagnant.  There are several companies developing new and innovative technologies for better and more robust immune responses to pathogens, but Merck doesn't seem to be one of those companies.  I would like to see or hear about how Merck plans to integrate more of these technologies into existing or development products (example - better antigen production, more effective adjuvants, such as saponin-based ones, etc.)
Difficult to assess with recent changes in leadership
However, I do have concerns about the pipeline for the hospital division and what that means for future job security.
Merck is overly conservative and I feel that it is falling behind in pay, reimbursement coverage and other incentives of our competitors.
I'm concerned about the recent vaccine pipeline struggles (CMV, Covid programs) as well as the impact of mRNA technology on our legacy products.  How are we thinking about the health of our vaccine inline and pipeline products for the future?
I have hope that we may be able to help with the pandemic
I think newer vaccine platforms should be introduced to Animal Health.
We have strong inline and pipeline programs in Biologics and Vaccines
Oncology remains a dynamic part of business but there is looming pipeline gap. Organon spinoff exacerbated concentration risk with KEYTRUDA. Need new molecules in late stage portfolio; not enough to do more combination trials or partnerships where we get only half of the net revenue.
we are expanding gardasil
I'm excited about my job but have strong doubts on whether it will still exist in a few months.
I am very excited about the company's progress and vision in research, manufacturing growth, and corporate responsibility.
Bureaucracy is getting crazy and stifling innovation. HR recruitment is painfully slow i'm worried about getting top talent on board
Not sure of product pipeline but Merck has always been reputable
Need to be careful about political engagement that is not in Merck’s best interest
Great products and excited about Expedition 25 and planning for the future.
Corporate and divisional messaging with regards to company values as well as upcoming projects / goals / areas of focus are very motivating and make me excited about our future.
Recent announcements created some kind of uncertainty.
Chronic cares future looks bleak, senior management ignores contributions made by the division.
I'm unhappy with the outcome of our multiple COVID-19 program failures.  I also feel a degree of uncertainty about the leadership changes at the EC level.
Feel like a single SKU company.
I am very excited by our commitment to oncology products and the ADCs bio drugs on the horizon that will expand our life savings efforts
Strong pipeline at least in oncology.
cautious but positive,  we still need to be able to pivot resources to response to changes better
I hope we become the #1 Oncology company in the world.
Would like more transparency about future of position post pandemic
This company is creating and leaving legacies across multiple areas of the business.
I’m excited about the products that Merck can develop to help people and I love that my job is to educate and help get these products  to the people  that need them, but Merck is just a huge company run by executives that I don’t know.  I’m happy for the success of any one person, but Merck is a company that is all about Merck.
Great 2025 plan for future!
So much of the future seems dependent on performance of oncology- other areas seem to be left behind
Disappointed we did not get into the COVID19 vaccination scene immediately. The obvious political statement Merck was making to the POTUS at the time is disheartening.
Great oncology pipeline , opportunities for employee development and engagement at all kevels
I strongly believe Merck is headed in the wrong direction.  Our leadership is suffering from Group Think unfortunately.  Our country is split down the middle in views on how to progress forward, and our leadership is failing to recognize that our company is also split down the middle.  I feel it is a huge mistake to lower our standards and not require college degrees when we are supposed to have educated discussions with healthcare providers who have attended 12+ years of additional schooling after high school.  I came from a background of no college educated family members and addiction.  I lived in a trailer in a poor area, yet I worked hard to overcome my circumstances and attend college in order to obtain my career.  I had student loans that I paid off with the the income I earned in the career I obtained.  It is not asking too much of people to rise above as opposed to further enabling individuals through entitlement.  I feel that Ken Frazier lost sight of our business purpose.
Merck has always been a leader in the pharmaceutical industry.  I am excited about the direction of the company and future products that lie ahead.
ways of working are changing. focused products and innovation are definitely interesting for me to be part of the future and contribute to the success. it is very challenging but I feel positive the future.
Pipeline must be progressed.  Systems should be simplified / optimized to allow for rapid progress in earlier clinical phases.  Patent expiration for Keytruda is a concern.
I’m concerned about Mercks adoption of Critical Race Theory ideology and their insistence upon indoctrination and forced compliance to this dangerous precedent disguised as “equality”, “social Justice” and Diversity and Inclusion all of which are very important things, yet the way the company is adopting it is dangerous in my opinion.
I do have concerns about our pipleine and the ability for Keytruda to perfom over th eremaining years on patent to sustain us, and particularly when it is off-patent in the future
Always want to be part of it, the future!
I'm definitely very excited, and we have a great short-term, medium-term pipeline, the question is more about how to ensure we keep and extend our leadership in the medium/longer term after the loss of patent of pembrolizumab within the next few years
I am excited about the future, our portfolio and plans for our current products for increment in MFG and resources for our patients, but sometimes it feels like in the system category (Automation / Manufacturing Execution / Data Management) we are staying behind.  Most companies are moving forward with a full integration of their systems (IoT 4.0), while we are still implementing items as they were done years ago, or cutting interfaces in order to manage equipment as silos.
5y period looks good but Keytruda LoE period seems there is no brand/portfolio that could take over good trend
Merck & Co has always been a leader in patient care. Merck is one of the most innovative Pharmaceutical Manufacturers Globally. I believe this innovation will undoubtedly continue.
I am uncertain about the company's future due to the course of Covid-19 and how it has affected all world industries, including that of the pharmaceutical industry.
I have worked here for 20 years and feel as strong today as I did 20 years ago when I say that Merck has always treated me well!
I am concerned about our response to the COVID crisis (from a product perspective) as only 1 of our treatments is advancing at this time. As a result, there was a lot of "wasted" money spent, which affects the bottom line? How will we recover?
I do believe we are over reliant on Keytruda for profit.
I feel that conducting science is becoming increasingly inhibited by elements of outsourcing and conservative interpretation of some regulatory, safety, or procurement requirements.  We are not as agile as we once were.
Merck is currently focused on maximizing profits, by being irrationally legal/compliance focused and overpricing products, rather than  being patient focused. Additionally, upper management is stuck in the past when establishing the business model rather than leading the industry in innovative changes.
Merck and MDS's focus on cutting edge science and technology will continue to serve the company now and for the future.
Launching products in Chronic Care.
Poor 1Q 2021 performance, lack of strong pipeline in hospital lead to doubts about a strong future
I am somewhat concerned about the pipeline and the chances of success. Also the lack of therapeutics like Ketruda.
Worried about the pipeline especially in primary care
When you try as a company to get involved in Politics and be woke., Who really knows what our future looks like.  Being neutral supports us all.  Taking sides like Ken Frazier does creates an uncertain future for us all.  He’s clear where he stands.  Who cares what he thinks.  We surely don’t.
I wonder how the Salesforce will look post Covid?  Same numbers or scaled down a bit
I can only speak for the department I am in.  It is very supportive of individual growth.
A lot of our future viability leans on finding our next Keytruda. We are also struggling to manage a heavy compliance burden in a world that doesn't wait. Once our industry is disrupted by big tech, it will already be too late. We have to move faster and we have to get out of our own way. I'm not convinced we have the leadership or the staff to do this.
I am also excited about a possible reorganization of roles and responsibilities that will reflect our new reality and in my opinion, be more efficient. I hope these ideas and conversations create change.
I think the split was the right choice and am excited for what we will be doing going forward. However i am worried about how much work will be asked from everyone going forward given what 2020 was like.
I have recently begun to disagree with decisions made and with our corporate leadership making public statements that show a political or social agenda.   Also, I see money wasted while we continue to take pay and benefits from employees which does the opposite of empowering them and making them feel valuable to the company.
It is a great company that continues to improves people's lives
Definite future for AH, Oncology and vaccines.  The future of Chronic Care iOS questionable.
I am nervous about the future
The increase in restrictive policies continues to make my position more difficult while our competitors do not have the same restrictions
Merck has excellent products and a strong research capability.  Our sales and marketing functions are controlled by the decisions and timeline of our compliance organization, and we will be passed by competitors  who are more flexible and nimble. Our compliance organization if staffed by people with no specific expertise in how to manage and balance risk, but rather is seen as a rotation for career advancement. We don’t seem to understand that there are multiple kinds of risk, and focus only on completely avoiding legal risk. Separately, we have been extremely slow to respond to build capabilities for virtual customer engagement that are easy and appealing for customers to use.  We make them jump through our hoops in ways that none of us would tolerate as customer selves.
While I strongly believe in doing business the right away, as a long term Merck sales representative, Merck’s extreme compliance response and policy changes  to OIG report have made it a challenge to build and maintain crucial customer relations. It feels like one hurdle after another.  It appears these changes were implemented without any discussion with sales leadership as exemplified by comments from leadership and lack of tracking mechanisms.  Additionally, I personally would like to know more about Merck’s entire pipeline to know what the future looks like.
I would have marked strongly agree if I was 100% certain our division would not be entirely/partially dissolved once our new drug gets approved given the future business agreement with another company to promote the product when approved.
Our vision for the future and pipeline of products appears weak.  We have based much of our future in only one area of our business without a clear strategy for success.
As a non-oncology representative, I feel the company has put all the resources behind oncology division
Merck appears to be embracing Diversity and Inclusion.
I am interested in hearing about what the future looks like after Keytruda
Little concerned about over reliance on vaccines and oncology
I hope MERCK becomes more focused on getting new products in development to market faster to allow more of an impact of the new products on the marketplace.
Looking forward to some of the medications we have in our pipeline to hit the market.
I think we have a solid future.  I am hopeful that they are looking at the market/industry as a whole and projecting how their sales force will be viable
I know MSD is a great company with a exciting future not just for the great products the company have to save lifes but for the inclusive and diversity culture that actually is developing.
I AM UNCERTAIN ABOUT CHRONIC CARE. ITS UNFORTUNATE THAT MERCK TREATS CC DIVISION AS AN ‘INTRO’ DIVISION AND EXPRESSES THAT WITH OTHER DIVISIONS.  EXAMPLE, ONE OF MY CC COUNTERPARTS WENT OVER TO THE VACCINE DIVISION AND DURING TRAINING HEARD REPEATEDLY HOW THE CHRONIC CARE DIVISION IS ‘LAME’ AND SHE WAS SHOCKED. ESPECIALLY SINCE MOST OF THE VACCINE  REPS CAME FROM CHRONIC CARE.
I have always been confident in Merck’s ability to embrace change and develop new classes of drugs.
The company is growing and the people throughout the company are great to work with.
we are an antibiotic site and Merck doesn't seem to have much in the pipeline for antibiotics for our site. Merck corporate send everything that should come here to other sites. We have room for growth and have had it for years now but nothing significant has come here since the 90's.
Have  stopped a number of pipeline programs recently due to clinical results, but overall still excited about the future.
Is the best Place to work
I feel good about the future with the recent leadership changes but the reliance on  keytruda is a concern. i am also enthi=used about the belief in digital and adjacency busiinesses
This is a company not moving forward.  Employees are asking for 1 thing-  let us back in our offices.  We are now known as the vaccine company that doesn't believe in vaccines.  How ridiculous we can't even follow the CDC guidelines for vaccinated employees.  If they choose not to get vaccinated, that is their choice and they can make a risk based decision on how to proceed.  This company's paternalistic attitude toward employees is why I'm looking for another job.
Based on historically strong past and current diverse pipeline, I feel that the future looks good.
Actually the right statement, would be a little worried due to the current situation... not sure about our future, and our jobs and the existence of our real estate buildings... we those disappear, will we work from home eternally, lots of uncertainty...
Generally agree. Very worried about so many new leaders all at once.  Prioritization decisions are concerning.
Pipeline; Keytruda brand; impact on Oncology
The investment in Oncology, new companies and products are very encouraging
I do not believe the healthcare model we are currently operating within is truly sustainable and there will be mounting pressure for it to change.  That leaves me with a great deal of uncertainty as to how the company will choose to remain profitable and I fear a significant reduction in the workforce is likely to occur.
We have an important mission and the resources to accomplish.
Excited about the laser focus on vaccines and oncology
New Leadership and any changes that arise from the new leadership could be a concern.
Concerned about primary care rep role
concern with rise of the "meeting culture"
I see a huge opportunity with the integration of our AH Intelligence group to redefine the industry. It would be disappointing if we lose the talented individuals we're bringing in because we did not deploy the integration efforts in a more inclusive and holistic way and that we didn't prioritize our focus on building a new and improved culture.
The transition at CEO is an unknown. With the transition will there be a fundamental change in philosophy and a more pure numbers approach. Will this change or potential change impact compensation, jobs and work life balance?
While I am so grateful for the progress being made in certain focused treatment areas, I am concerned that the chronic care division is in jeopardy because our pipeline is primarily geared toward oncology and vaccines.
I'm excited about the future of MSD, however I'm worried with the upcoming LoE impacts.
Hoping overall direction does not change with new leaders in place, but looking forward to the new ideas leadership brings.
I believe that by splitting organan each division can focus on the core strengths
I don’t see our company being willing to meet the competitive challenges we see in the field with solutions
The virology division seems to keep extending the timeline for new products to come to market. One product is 13 years old and they keep thinking we can maintain and/or grow an old product in spite of the fact that there are many newer (better) options and the other product is a “niche” product that is challenging to promote in our new virtual world
I would like to see more new Products that drive sales rather than a large dependence on Keytruda
We have a strong mission and vision as a company.  With many leadership changes occurring this year, I do have some trepidation and hope that the future leaders maintain Merck's strong values and commitment to patients and employees.
Not sure what the future looks like between changes to the health care market/infrastructure and changes to senior leadership + retirements
While I have been through this previously at the company, the patent expirations of some of our key drugs is a small, but real, concern in the back of my head. I'm also of mixed feelings regarding the Organon spin-off. I am hopeful for our new leadership, but they have had some missteps. I do not completely agree with the CEO selection. We had an opportunity to come up with a far more diverse candidate and we chose not to do so. That was disappointing and not reflective of our stated values. We've now blended back into the sea of top 50 companies that have white, male CEOs.
I anticipate not finding a replacement for keytruda when it comes off patent.  I am not particularly impressed with how it has handled the COVID vaccine strategy.
I am curious to see how the company 'looks an feels' post spin.
Excited but waiting to see how things will be post-spin.
I've been working for this company for close to 30 years, I am so proud to be a part of this organization!
I'm kind of uncertain, with Ken stepping aside and only a couple new developments for commercial growth make me a little unsure of what to expect.
Keytruda is #1 , becoming the premier oncology company & pipeline
Our future seems bright so that is exciting but I think we need more transparency across the org.  Are we trying to have a cost structure like an oncology-only company and, if so, by when?  Just let people know so they can think about careers in context of our destination.    Also, where are we headed with short-term expense exercises which can conflict directly with other priorities like increasing diversity and also add to existing stress and workload on current employees.  If we freeze jobs or slow job growth, we cannot hire more outside talent and everyone at Merck has to take on more work or not have enough time to focus on the most important priorities.  There are trickle-down impacts of all decisions.
I am concerned that Merck was not able to contribute to the Covid vaccine rollout as quickly as Pfizer and Moderna and J&J.  It was an opportunity to lead on the world stage in areas we have experience and we didn’t make it happen.  I also would like to see our new CEO change the strategy of talent retention by getting rid of the “layoff culture” that has been instituted since 2005.  Every 2 years, regardless of how much I accomplish, I know I am just a number that could be “let go” at the disposal of the Company.  That makes my future with the company always subject to fear of the next restructuring, causing potential a life-event for me and my family.  That stress makes it difficult to envision a future at Merck regardless of my accomplishments.  Please be a leading biopharma organization and change this strategy to one that promotes the value of retaining talent.
many acquisitions have not delivered.  Internal pipeline is not well funded.
Industry's future is still bright and critically important, but the pressure is mounting for change.  I'm excited to be a part of the change and evolution which I expect Merck to be a leader.
Perception is that more headcount cuts are on the horizon due to stock market performance.
The biggest road block to 'strongly agree' is the battle with transforming to a new way of working and the 'Merck Culture'.  I want to change but am concerned with how my performance will be viewed if my actions don't result in success.
I’m not sure how confident I am with Merck’s future.  Healthcare is changing so rapidly and Merck still moves slowly.
I am however worried about what happens after LOE for JANUVIA.
The financial impact of the pandemic continues to be a lasting concern
Too woke, CRT, Politics
Looming patent cliff for Keytruda and nothing but BD in the pipeline.  Dean has pushed biology as the answer but is the weakest part of our game and I see little evidence it is getting better over the past couple of years.
I have concerns about the diversity of the portfolio e.g. too heavily weighted in Oncology.
Ken Frazier's retirement is a significant event in the company's history. Would probably feel a little more confident if that wasn't the case. Plus, COVID and other global issues leave some doubt and concern.
I am nervous that the recent findings for the J&J vaccine will impact how investors view our company since we are slated to support the manufacturing of the vaccine.
There has been so much recent change (at the very Sr. Leadership level) that it understandably lends spoke doubt to the future.  Given this change in leadership coupled wiith the rapidly changing health care landscape in the US it is more difficult to strongly agree with this statement than in the past
Our pipeline is exciting.
I feel very secure in Merck's near future. I feel uneasy about the long term future as a scientific/technology cutting edge institution, as our pipeline portfolio doesn't include novel platforms. I'm worried that with mRNA and gene therapeutics becoming more prevalent, we won't attract a good scientific talent pool.
Very solid pipeline though a bit worried not diversified enough
I am unsure about the future of my division
They keep expanding our Oncology team as if it was primary care in 2004.
But somewhat unsure given the recent changes in leadership.  I’m hopeful and curious but time will tell
Though we are going through several leadership changes, I think that new points of view can only benefit the company moving forward.
Not sure what that future is
I do not feel like upper management is willing to change and spend money to improve work processes and to improve our carbon foot print.  WE talk a big game but when it comes time to put our money where our mouth is we cave and give into the all mighty dollar.  Merck's number one focus is making money and saving money.
The significant change in leadership from CEO through high levels of MRL is a bit concerning for what the future holds.
Sad to see Ken leave, but change is also a good thing.  I hope we will really execute on continuing to advance the positives that came out of this pandemic. I previously took for granted things like getting my child on and off the school bus - it was a burden with meetings/commuting to work.  Now I look forward to this every day.  It's probably 15 minutes of my day, and it's not a burden, it's a priority.  I know it won't be every day in the future, but it's liberating to not view it as a disruption to the workday any more.  I am also SO fortunate to have a manager who truly managed this way pre-pandemic. We need to make sure all managers are upskilled to support teams in this way.
I work in antibiotics and see an erosion of the "commitment to ID"; there is no substantial pipeline and the response to the changing antibiotic landscape to outpatient management/early discharge has been slow or non-existent.  Many potential business opportunities to engage newer oral agents have been passed by due to poor forecasting assumptions and not paying attention to the healthcare management trends that have been shared repeatedly to leadership.
As our world has grown smaller and disease outbreaks once confined regionally can spread globally, now more then ever our mission rings true, to deliver life saving medicine to the public in a safe and environmentally compliant fashion
Great pipeline and future for our Oncology division
Usually I would state 'Agree" here but over the past year, Merck appears to be making reactive decisions and there have been several pipeline failures.  This makes me uncertain and less excited about Merck's future.
There are too many top down initiatives constantly being rolled out to sites with no input from the sites an no resources to help with the projects.  This is overwhelming the already strained resources.
Covid and Organon related business uncertainties
The company has a lot of potential and we contribute to public's health
Sometimes worried about job security.
New products inn the pipeline, vaccine, cancer Abe’s.
Merck’s Pipeline
With all of the latest failures in trials for COViD 19 vaccines and meds, high turnover of management, spin off of woman’s health, plus future target headcount reductions in 2024 and 2025.  Makes you think twice on how good our company future is really
It is exciting to see Merck strive to be top oncology company in the world.  To see its humble beginnings primarily focused on supportive care with Emend to now having the #1 IO with the broadest and most in depth clinical investigational trials program is amazing.  Exciting to see where strategic and tactical decisions take us in the future.
I am excited about the pipeline and future treatments
I believe the ONE MSD vision, will bring too many opportunities to grow into the company.
The fact that we are collaborating with J&J on their COVID vaccine shows the value of our brand.
I continue to be a bit nervous about Merck's pipeline as Keytruda LOE approaches.
Excited about the future plans for MAHI
We have an excellent pipeline and great people in the right places of upper management
I work in the Virology division and truly appreciate Merck’s longstanding commitment to HIV and am excited about our pipeline
Concerned about the diversification of the pipeline.  Concerned about ROI on recent BD&L for MRL.  Unclear if Sales were able to be innovative during acute and chronic pandemic stage to keep sales stable
The company is focused on developing key products for the future which bolsters about the company's future potential.  Additionally the company is continuing to place priority on the needs of their employees and appear to be committed to their well being and supporting them in these difficult times.
I know Merck is entering into some exciting ventures with other companies and the fact that they want to become the top oncology company excites me.
Sometimes it feels like we're running in too many directions, and no clear prioritization.  Hurry up, everything is important, and due last month.
We are slow to respond to change so I worry that Merck our future could be diminished.
Optimistic about the opportunities that lie ahead, with some dark clouds are on the horizon.  Some self-inflicted (CEOs stepping into state politics spending limited political capital on something that doesn't benefit Merck or its employees, and potentially weakening our science and evidence focused reputation by participating in what appears to be a distortion of what that state law actually does; doubling down on innovation with Organon spinoff), and the usual externalities (value for innovation, price controls, etc.).  Despite these, I am optimistic and excited for the future.
The focus appears to be only oncology. Unsure if the company will pursue more partnerships or continue to spin off divisions such as biosimilars. As an employee it doesn’t seem like there is a strong long term plan.
We have a diverse pipeline.  I am excited about the potential possibilities from Expedition 2025.
A little concerned about the long term of Merck HIIV
I am concerned about the direction of Merck.  The pipeline is lack luster, and the culture has become too distracted by “social justice” type issues such as Diversity and Inclusion rather than running an effective business.  Not being able to make a successful Covid vaccine is a tell tale sign of the state of our business.  We never had a diversity problem at Merck, but we do have a problem with innovation in the product line an adaptability to market needs.  Creating 50 new “support” position for D&I type initiatives only makes it worse.  Cut all the fluff, focus on the needs of the market and expedite new product development or aquisiition.
We need to do better about getting internal programs -> assets -> proof of concept studies.  Our track record over the last decade here is a bit scary.  That said, we have great people and exciting projects in the pipeline, so there's lots to be excited about.
During the pandemic, there has been no layoffs and the company has great benefits.
Merck is making great strides in advancing therapies to help the world...especially in the oncology area which is so much needed. Looking forward to Merck as well advancing to look for long term solutions to help with the pandemic and always being a leader in getting new and advanced medicines out to the world populations.
Merck cares about the employees.
Very concerned about continued overdependence on Keytruda
Not sure of the sustainability
Concerned with the new upper management being brought in seems to be against our company values and integrity and our mission statement of unconditional and being supportive of each other within our company
Yes, I am confident that MSD Animal Health is the reference for Brazilian Market and we are in the right way to keep Strong and market leader.
We are dedicated to research and have a strong research team who invents, acquires, and delivers against a strong pipeline of products.  We are respected and admired by the patients and communities  we serve.
I am concerned about the portfolio of products since Keytruda is driving the majority of the revenue. It sometimes feels as all eggs are in one basket
I am concern about Ken leaving, but i feel like we have a lot of momentum
I am concerned about our revenue drop although it is in direct relation to the pandemic,  Since the pandemic as not abated, how will this affect the company for a second year in a row.  Other concerns relating to Pembrolizumab coming off patent in the not too distant future as well.  The leadership change this year has also left me a feeling of unsure direction regardless of the townhalls.
I am uncertain about what the new leadership goals will be without Ken Frazier at the helm
Maybe excited about Merck's future overall but not the Animal Health business
Merck seems to emphasize their scientific commitment to oncology.  I often worry about the commitment to other divisions.
Great HIV pipeline, although to much is invested in oncology on pembro putting the company at risk
I do believe as a company Merck is doing a great job globally with their goal of helping patients and driving innovation worldwide. As someone with a previous career in biochemistry and molecular biology I believe strongly in the future of the cellular and genetic therapies, and as we advance more toward precision medicine I believe that Merck could be doing more to advance their genetic/cellular therapeutics pipeline. I know the  corporate strategy is to become the premier immuno-oncology company by 2025 and we are heavily invested in this space which is great, however I would like to see the company capitalize on other key therapeutic opportunities that will position us strongly in the mid to long term future.
generally...the market perception of Merck hinging on Keytruda is concerning. How does Merck continue to technologically evolve and look at alternative ways of researching and bringing new therapies to fruition. We continue to come back to tried and true but technology is ever changing and we have clearly seen that our ability to develop a vaccine on a proven platform doesn't indicate it is the right platform for universal discovery and production of new therapies
However, pipeline does not look as strong out of the oncology franchise
I am worried my division is no longer a focus of Merck and I find it very difficult to try and move to another division or position with in Merck currently
Seems a few missteps in COVID. Heavy concentrated oncology pipeline.
To much uncertainty with job security for the sales field force
New opportunities is yet to come and great place for development.
Organization is too focused on political correctness and not enough on patients and business outcomes
MSD is an innovative company. For sure all the upcoming proyects Will be very excited
I feel that we are a bit of a "one trick pony" and that the focus is very much on oncology and everything else is a bit of an after thought. This does make us quite vulnerable to disruptive technology, eg mRNA vaccines. I also am a bit concerned about MRL ability to identify and develop the next "big" thing, especially of outside ONC. The old adage of "first in class, best in class" had not been that evident recently eg: SGLT2i, GLP1 RA, PCSK9i, mRNA vaccines
We are too slow at bringing new products to market especially in the poultry business unit within the United States.  R&D always puts a 3-5 year expectation of creating a new vaccine after developing a master seed. Our competition such as Zoetis can do it in less than two years.
Product pipeline and strong corporate citizenship are key drivers for me
I think we have a great cluture and resouce to move ahead
Strong Pipeline and I’m excited that Kenneth Frazier will be the Chairman of the Board of Directors
A little nervous about LOE for Keytruda
Pipeline and BD
I think Merck has a bright future, but the current restructuring rumours are causing stress within the business units.
There are many of pipelines from now on.
Aligned with Global FOF strategy, local marketing organization developed SOF for 05 year strategy and Margin expansion to shift investment to strategic and high growth products, transform operation model with DD&A and build WOW working culture. So MSD is more agile organization and quickly adapt with market rapid changes and win competitions
I am excited for Merck's future, but worry about the distraction and knowledge drain from the Organon spin-off.
The work environment has become too political.
diversity  and inclusion
MSD will stay strong somehow but will there be local subsidiaries? Is there a place for sales teams post-COVID/digitisation? When will a credible forward looking pipeline be shown?
We r hoping that some new molecules/drugs will come to CVM portfolio very soon.
I am excited about MSD's Ways of Working strategies.
Uncertainty in product availability
Looking forward to the future
Whilst I am excited about the business opportunities, I am also anxious about the changes to our division and the lack of information about what those changes will be and how they will impact my role.
Would be great to see more about the company's pipeline and strategy > 5 years.
LOE in oncology is a major concern and the company needs to provide a solid plan to compensate
I am safe to owrk in MSD
I do agree, given what I know and given that the environment is volatile
Despite the strong and confident Message from the leadership, we notice more products loosing patent than "blockbusters" that would change the treatment completely. Noticing only a future in Oncology and AH, where diversity of areas of treatment would be important.
When we can back to meeting with each other, then yes, the future might look brighter. Currently, when this will be going on for much longer, working here is not so bright.
Exited to see the conpany grow in Ireland
There's a fairly exciting (if a little woolly) vision painted for the future of Animal Health but my faith in our ability to execute it is wobbly. People are overworked and exhausted and I can't see a plan to fix this, or an end to it. A level of disruption is of course expected during a period of such significant change, but the vision isn't strong enough to make the excessive hard work, without an end in sight, worth it.
Merck seems very slow to respond to the market and is getting beat up by it's competitors.
Lack of leadership.  Stop focusing on social issues and providing only left wing issues.  I AM A DEMOCRAT and recognize this.
I am really excited about Merck and MSD future considering strong development pipeline as well as fortify the organizational goals. I am very excited to see how we are impacting the life's of our patient by reimagining the medicine and the classic example is Keytruda. Also, development molecules for COVID will definitely make positive impact to suffering humanity.
The pipeline doesn't look that great
Lots of uncertainty with leadership change and Organon spin-off. Will need to see how the business evolves following these.
Virology products are outdated or not particularly relevant.  The future of virology is 2-3 years away.  I dont know how hospital reps see customers if they dont have access into hospitals.  What will chronic care be selling if Merck continually reduces size and scale of sales force.  Oncology and vaccines appear to be only places with a present and future.
Despite all positive messaging I am not sure how strong our pipeline really is and what main drivers and candidates are there to replace/support Keytruda. I think more could be done to communicate to colleagues who are not necessarily Scientists or deep subject matter experts who to be honest and including myself don't even fully understand what is communicated when it comes to scientific updates.
We are highly focused on one drug.  Keytruda.  All other products and projects take a back seat.
it appears the m-RNA technology is far advancing current methods that Merck is using for its vaccines. I might not have all the knowledge but this is my perception. I don't think this sits well for Merck's future.
I'm too old to get excited about such stuff now!
Seem to be lagging behind the competition regarding new innovations and modalities.  We do not invest enough or early enough in them.  Too heavy reliance on the Keytruda and combinations.  This is great for the short term but insufficient for the long term.  Merck should be investing more in its early pipeline.
Uncertain of what the future holds
Some doubt after the spinoff
I may be excited about MSD's future, but I'm concerned about the future for the site I work at
The R & D portfolio for my own small division in MAH is struggling.  We have some near-term products to complete for the next couple of years, and then some "ideas" way down in the pre-development stage, but nothing in between.  Similarly, I see overall Merck's stock declining and we were not able to jump in and create a COVID vaccine candidate (hopefully, our treatment product will be highly successful).  But the company seems to be in a bit of a lull, both in my immediate sphere and for the greater Merck.  It isn't a disaster by any means.  But if I am honest, I am not EXCITED about the future.  I'm just hoping that more that is exciting will appear on the horizon
I believe the animal health sector is rapidly developing as we now acknowledge how much our wildlife, farmstock & pets impact on our mental wellbeing. There is a growing awareness of the impact of animal feedstuffs production is having an impact on global Green house emissions and MSD are aware of these effects & are hopefully active in the crusade to minimise these effects.
I would say that I strongly agree and am very excited about Merck and MSD's future, but it is in my nature to also worry or be nervous a little.  Our company is in a formative state with the Organon spinoff and other changes and expansions/modifications, which make me nervous, but are also very exciting.
I think Merck Corp leadership needs to stay out of politics
I am concerned that the Compliance arm of Merck is going to run us out of the business.  The tools given to us to "improve our compliance" need more resources to maintain and many times don't handle the whole job.  As a result, a site is maintaining now 2 systems instead of the one that they had prior to changes dictated by QSIP.
The company doesn’t have much besides Keytruda. All our eggs are in one basket. MRL has not come out with any real breakthrough drugs in over a decade, even though Merck has spent billions of dollars
The trajectory of the business is positive in helping patients with new and inventive products
Not sure how future will play out with Organon spinoff.  Seems like chronic care may have some older drugs and that may lead to layoffs.  And seems like most of our eggs all in the Keytruda basket.
Merck has been good to me and my family and I can't wait to see what the future holds for all enfo
Depends on what area of Merck you work.  If you’re not in the big 4 areas you don’t feel great about the future
Merck is headed down a road of woke culture. No one benefits from that ideology. Inclusion thinking often has unintended side effects and excludes certain groups because they don't fit in the woke culture stream.
Confident on Merck's success
The only concern I have is about our heavy concentration on Keytruda sales.
While I would normally agree with this Q I am a bit hesitant this time.  I question the pipeline at this point and I have to wonder what is going on at the top levels of the company when we see many departures and movement.  It doesn't give those of us left behind a whole lot of confidence.
Where is our pipeline?  Feels like a single product company
From the Global MRP Tower I'm very excited because we are growing, we are making us visible and we are getting stronger.
MSD always strives for excellence in the sense of caring for and saving people's lives and promoting animal welfare. It is an honor to be a part of this!
Too many new restrictions recently placed on FBE that tie our hands where as our competitors don’t have the same restrictions, so they have an advantage over us.
I am unhappy with Ken Frazier leadership and comments around social racism. As a CEO of a company, I do not need to hear his personal beliefs on political topics.
I am very encouraged with how much collaboration has been occurring even with the Covid-19 situation.
May need to become less risk adverse.  May need swifter process for change. May need to become less siloed.  When implementing new processes need to be more connected to end user before implementation.  Need to look at processes with fresh eyes.  Need solutions to be practical to implement for employees and customers.
There have been a significant number of organizational changes in the last year. As yet, unclear how these will shape workflows going forward.
I think we have the right platform to succeed, but I'm not sure we will make bold enough decisions to truly rise to the top
Yes but there are some very concerning issues regarding restrictions on even the simplest things the sales team is allowed and not allowed to do.
The loss of Ken Frazier is huge
Brinny is moving into the Vaccines space more, but there has not been any communication/updates so far on what will be introduced to replace the Sterile/Biologics footprint onsite. Also - there are less open FTE roles onsite, with contract roles not being renewed - concerned about the future of the site.
A little nervous about exiting of many senior managers and the strength of our pipeline
Im concerned about the speed at which we are able to mobilize initiatives and enable change.
Strong pipeline and business model.
Our future depends on how we manage the stranglehold compliance has on us a
limited Pipeline, new and inexperienced upper management, complex redundant and inefficient business process, limited retention plan. Many good and experienced people are leaving Merck.
I truly believe we have the opportunity to be an amazing company and be in industry leader but right now we are not executing. We are not driven by strategy we are driven by fire fighting.
Excited to be part of the Vaccine division and looking forward to launching the new products in the pipeline!
My reluctance to provide a higher score is related to my concerns that financial constraints imposed by our customers, and our comparatively limited base of business may compromise our long term growth and profitability. I would prefer to see greater diversification our our portfolio and ventures.
With the transition of some of the products to Organon, the changes in the COVID 19 program, this can cause a sense of uncertainty
Merck does NOT pay well...and they pay for tenure not performance.
Very weak chronic care pipeline. Old products on the way out and new products are not game changers.
I am excited about all the potential indications coming for Keytruda and other products, but have concern about Merck's future after Keytruda's LOE
Merck continues to be held back by simple requests. Working virtual displays without a proper landing page. Just webex with Merck employee photos. We need to step up and stop having legal control items that are low risk but make us look unprofessional
With all the changes with Organon and a lot of employees transferring over, I’m not sure what the future holds for Merck and MSD
Best in class products and innovative science
Curious to see how Merck responds post-Covid
The excitement lies in certain divisions.  Chronic Care is not one of them.  The future of Chronic Care seems bleak.
Merck oncology has so much to offer.
I have no idea where I will go from here due to the situation at our site.
i used to love working here but now its like a prison. cameras everywhere and supervisors always standing around in suites standing over you. production and greed have pushed quality to the wayside. it seems like no time before an issue with product and merck is sued because its more important to push push production
The driven goals of Merck to provide the best medicines for people and animals on this planet is unsurpassed.
Limited pipeline. Accelerated price erosion on key brands. Inconsistent messaging across portfolio.
Certain products are succeeding while other projects, specifically COVID-19 therapeutics have not succeeded.
There have been yearly changes/restructures for the last 6 years
It has become impossible for reps to conduct their business. There are so many unreasonable restrictions that we have to cancel appointments and hold back on opportunities. There are too many reps in Oncology and now that we can only have 12 meals per year per customer, the coordination process has become ridiculous. Also, not allowing for alcohol at dinner programs in the future, will make it so customers will not attend them. It’s already difficult to drum up enough attendees as it is. We are losing reps to other companies where they can conduct their interactions with customers and sell their products with reasonable guidelines around those interactions and less reps to coordinate with. They also are strongly financially incentivized with larger bonuses and RSUs.
The oncology space is expanding, and I hope our anti-COVID candidate is successful.
I am excited about our products, but I am unsure of the corporate woke direction of our organization.  To me it feels as if there is too much coming at us.  I am a very open minded person, I am participating in all activities in a positive manner, but my core feels as if many personal areas are being brought into my work space, that I am broken and need to be fixed, that I am unkind to my fellow colleagues and don’t want the best for them (and I know that is untrue).   If I was a less secure person I feel that all that is being driven by Merck would make me neurotic.  We are being bombarded from every direction with woke America and for me it is becoming overwhelming and depressing.
There are so many great opportunities that Merck offers to advance your career with Merck.
The margin capability still exists, although there is heavy market pressure on pricing in the US, We have liquidity if needed to transact a major purchase if needed, and we have a lead portfolio in non commodity products. This combined with the investment occurring in the business currently shows promise. Of course, we are a pharmaceutical company with way too much overhead and redundant resources, so there is a need for some pain to make the future as profitable as it can be, but that's where we  are
I feel better about chronic care now vs anytime in the past 5 years.
Agree that we have a good pipeline to be excited about. Bit concerned about the COVID-19 assets and how that is progressing. The latter had an impact on the level of excitement I do have to say
We have always had a strong culture...with our focus on diversity and inclusion I believe we will tap into more talent and creativeness.
There isn't too much to be excited about.  We struggle to develop new drugs and are status quo at this point.
There is always new products and new technologies, along with changes in regulatory requirements and MSD always embraces these changes.
The organization, and especially as it relates to different platforms used to communicate with customers, are always unnecessarily complex. Why should the customer send an invitation to use Zoom, as opposed to the Merck representative offering the platform from the very beginning of the interaction.
Concern about pipeline and impacts of pandemic together with Organon spin off in terms of cost reduction.
We get to participate in tremendous improvements in the treatment of cancer patients!
Nervous about Ken Frazier leaving and what it means for maintaining Merck's investment in it's people as it pertains to global diversity and inclusiveness
Merck’s emphasis on “doing the right thing” has really been on display during the pandemic.  I’m proud and appreciative to work for this company.
It seems as though we need to diversify more as much of our revenue comes from Oncology
I tell my friends and family every chance I get, how BLESSED I feel to work for Merck. And the stance they took on Racism, Diversity and Inclusion, makes me even more prouder to work for this company. I have been employed at Merck for 16 years and have no desire to work elsewhere.
Losing Ken Frazier is huge loss but our pipeline is very strong
I would strongly agree if the nature of the Commercial organization wasn't so conservative from a compliance decision making perspective.
Always layoffs every 2 years
There is worry about the lack of pipeline and reliance in only one blockbuster.
I am confident in the organization but am worried about our top line post-Keytruda.  I am also concerned that personnel decisions are increasingly being made for reasons other than merit and seem less commensurate with contribution to the organization.
Looking to new leadership to improve stock price
I'm not as optimistic as I was a year ago
Concerned about pipeline and too much reliance on Keytruda
COVID fails were a disappointment.  Unclear of what the future holds for my area, Oncology
I am fearful that Expedition 25 will result in employee layoffs.
I work in the ID therapeutic space and it seems the failure of certain COVID-19 therapeutics, drug supply issues with current marketed therapeutics, and the limited opportunity for profitability within this TA (as compared to the oncology franchise) make it difficult to overly optimistic
I am excited about Merck’s Diversity & Inclusion program and being active about that in hiring in ALL areas. Merck does not have diversity in parts of the country/regions.
even though hospital division is not mentioned as a growth driver for the company i believe in the pipeline.
It seems that management changes so frequently and then they try to re-invent the wheel.  We need some stability so the focus can be where it needs to be to get some momentum.  This is happening not only at the top, but even in mid level management positions.  Everyone is always worried about where to move to next.  How can you build a future when no one understands the past.  I see this in my division which is USHH.
Feel like there are too many reps in Oncology and worry about the future with all the restrictions
Making things better and  safety for us workers
If you work as an administrative assistant, this is not the company for advancement, it is simply a place to earn a paycheck.  If you are employed in some other field, there could be potential for you in this company.
Merck has great products and they help millions of patients
Merck has great products and proud of the investment in research and discovery
every contract we have more taken away from us, not excited at all
Excellent people and culture.  Pipeline and Reputation is good.
I joined Merck Animal; Health in December of 2020. I am impressed with the dedication to research, finding solutions for our clients and human and animal patients, and by Merck creating a welcoming and inclusive work environment.
The investment into the pipeline and clinical trials makes Merck an attractive place to work.
I like the benefits here a lot. Generally speaking, I'm not interested in business or growth.
In the Oncology TA there is ample opportunity, however the structure of MRL, GMSA and HH needs to be addressed as the current structure is suboptimal and causes significant strife.
I believe Keytruda is a solid product to carry the company for the immediate future, and I am hopeful that something else from the pipeline will be developed as well.
Pipeline seems promising, but we seem to have hit a rough patch with recent public announcements of programs and ability fulfill.  Our business development initiatives seem a bit uncoordinated, but overall willing to take prudent risks.
I would like to see Merck streamline processes and move forward in R&D and be aggressive about buying companies with promising medicines or process improvement avenues.  Be science driven in nature
I believe in the MSD mission, values and our products, and am excited to see how we continue to approve lives in future. However I think I would feel more excited about the comapny's future if I felt we were also more committed to giving back/socially conscious - I feel as a large multinational we should be making more contributions toward society and our local communities  - particular as a as a pharmaceutical company our values are sometimes questioned.
It makes me a little nervous that we have so much tied into Keytruda.  Also a little disappointed that we were so far behind the Covid 19 vaccine as we are one of the few vaccine companies. I hope we can continue to bring new to market and innovative products.
The future is entirely way too uncertain for me to feel "strongly agree" here. From the pandemic to an earth in crisis due to climate change, being able to confidently respond that I strongly agree that Merck/MSD's future is bright and exciting and amazing and all other certain feelings is not possible
I feel the Merck Management team is truly focused on being a good corporate citizen and working to show that they value their employees.
The recent changes to the Management structure have not inspired confidence in a vision for the future that is built on solid science coupled with strategic positioning of the company's resources
Our focus on innovation and WoW will help position us into the future.
I'm excited to see what comes through our pipeline, especially in oncology and biologics. I am nervous for when Keytruda goes off patent, and it has been disappointing recently with the announcements for cancelling the V-590, V-591, and MK-7110 programs
Ken Frazier and Roger Perlmutter are big shoes to fill for Merck.  Our efforts with COVID treatments have not been successful.  I am concerned that maybe we have lost to much of our expertise.
I really not sure of future projects. Everything seems to be at beginning stages with years of planning before execution. How many changes will the new CEO implement? Will Merck stay on the cutting edge of technically and discover or will it cost to much & take to long?
I guess the finalization of the spinoff will be important to alliviate the huge demand we have been receiving.
The last year feels like Merck didn't follow through on what we talk about "industry leading, influencer in pharma, etc" as it related to the pandemic response.  Pfizer definitely was able to move and deliver in alignment with the mission that we communicate....and now they are investing in a paradigm-shifting approach to vaccine development.  Feels like Merck is falling behind on this front.  I have lots of concerns about Merck's Discovery engine.  Low productivity, limited success.  It seems like a significant review/overhaul is required here.  I have concerns about how our company manages through post-Keytruda expiry.
I am nervous about the future of Merck. I feel that I have no control, say, and transparency in the decision making.
Not very clear if this part is communicated by the leadership team.
Always following the pipeline on what is the next endeavour to embark
I am excited about the products that are in our pipeline and how they will help patients
I am a bit apprehensive of the spin off of Organon and what the “new” Merck will be.. I am always concerned of the impact of “Fortifying our Future” because that usually means many job cuts. I want to continue to be part of that future but it’s uncertain given COVID also
I am very proud of products and the ethical way Merck and MSD operates.
I  can only comment on the animal health business the support we receive from our Technical team and sales back up is awesome
While I agree that the Merck has a great future I feel like the Oncology sales teams are limited compared to other companies on what we are able to do and without functioning like all the other Oncology companies I think we could struggle even with the right people and the best product.
Merck has an exciting pipeline and a lot of potential.   It could become a great place to work with a few fundamental changes.
Concerned regarding future based on limited timing prior to KEYTRUDA patent expiry and impact on Ken Fraziers departure as CEO. Lot of top talent leaving Merck.
It's difficult to develop interest in the company's future when it's a struggle to get day to day work done.
Future Research and history of successful research/launch has not been as good as once was. Also, political creep is entering what should be a focus on sales and research.
1) Impacts from COVID-19 2) Post-spin
After we have Orgarnon, I am excited to see MSD's future.
Currently little uncertain about the future of remain Co.
Agree with potential future of Portfolio and as a bio company, but disagree in my subsidiary where I see at risk some key startegic pillars
MSD has a lot of promising pipelines of drugs. And I believe our MRL team will develop more and more drugs for changing humanity's future. There are more and more new therapies, and I wonder if MSD would develop C-ART therapy or some steps further?
Enviroment is too competitive.
No sure about the future of MSD Brinny. No Clarity as of yet.
In terms of pipeline products the future does seem very bright for MSD
Current restructuring of the departments raises a cause of concern
I am a bit unsure of the plans for the next few years post Organon split and the failure of the Covid19 vaccine program. It feels like we are too dependent on Keytruda and Gardasil9
A little concerned with having a Finance guy take the helm of the Company.
1) The policies in place for sales are limiting to being able to my job. 2)  am already experiencing negativity about the freedom to chose the best decisions for my health in the COVID environment.  My body, my choice as in a women’s right to choose with pregnancy, should apply to all medical conditions/therapies.  This falls under diversity and should be included in the D&I push here at Merck.
I would like to hear and learn even more about the future (pipeline, strategy etc.) globally but also locally.
Promising portfolio and people.
A lot of changes happening at the same time, future is unclear in the subsidiary level and challenges in the local environment.
Great vaccine’s coming through pipeline & wonderful new ways of working to connect with customers in different ways rather than the old cookie cutter process that oftentimes did not yield results
I am not really in a position to influence the companies future, therefore I cannot say I am excited about it. I am glad we are in a stable section of the industry (pharma) and thus my workplace is safe. I am apprehensive about the culture of maximum output, metrics, performance by numbers etc. I can see more and more mental health issues and burn outs around me and this really scares me.
Unsure of the future due to limited information reaching technicians...
My years here are limited. Looking forward to retirement.
Merck's history and current activities and investments show a strong company with good focus.
very positive people
I don’t know enough about our future pipeline to feel excited.  I’ve been with Merck for 17 years and the past 3 years it feels the sales force is less and less aware of future product possibilities.
very excited how our future will evolve after the spin off
Pipeline is thin.
A little uncertain about the pipeline for chronic care
As long as compliance is realistic and let’s the field have a voice .  It would be boost morale if they’d give the field reimbursement for home internet and or increase cellphone allowances.
I am excited about the future of our products and pipeline but not about all the new restrictions that have been placed on the way we interact with our customers (ex. RAT tool limiting our access when most if not all other Oncology company’s are in the field, limit of 12 FFMs per HCP when other Onc company’s don’t have this limit and all the new restrictions for MMFs)
I am cautionary about the shift in leadership especially as we shift to a Finance focused CEO. However, change can be good. Just not as sure about so much change (CEO, MRL head) and what they really value -- what they definitely do not want to change vs where they want to focus improvements (not talking about employee turn-over but rather their foci).
I can see how the company keep looking to be in the top of pharma
It was hard to see the loss of our COVID vaccines
There are elements of Merck and MSD that I am excited for especially their growth over the coming years in Exp 25. I am not excited about the future of Biotech Dublin I fear that significant change is required in leadership to move the company from the project phase to routine operations and undo the damage that has been done to the working environment to make it a place where people are excited to work.
With new leadership, it's too soon to tell what I should feel about Merck's future.
There seems to be a big change with the Upper management Leaders. Feels a bit like they are abandonng ship.
I feel that Merck has made huge strides in their mission of improving the lives of patients around the globe.
I think largely the future is bright but we do have so many people here and Keytruda will ultimately be losing patent.  Are we truly forward thinking??
Workload is currently diminishing any excitement
The company is too heavily dependent upon one product, Keytruda, which looses patent protection in just 6-7 years.  Upper management has also become too political and more concerned with being a social justice warrior than a top tier health care company.
We need more drugs in our pipeline for the surgery/ anesthesia/ hospital space.
There has been a tremendous amount of change at once at all levels. There have been multiple hiccups at the customer level and it’s concerning.
worried about pipeline
We are focused on customer needs and satisfaction which is vital to succeed in the present
Personally I believe that Merck is 10-20 years in the past. From a Diversity & Inclusion perspective, technology perspective and a cultural perspective. If your goal is to retain young talent you have to actually adapt to what is going on in the world. Boomers may be ok with working here but times have changed and this company does not understand that. You may here similar responses to what I am saying or people may not feel comfortable with sharing their truths.
Excited about Merck's future but not our site's future.
Feel good but feel that the pipeline is not as robust as once was outside of KEYTRUDA
Merck leadership has entered politics and makes for very uncomfortable discussions with customers
Concerned about how in the world can our organization have so many problems around gram negative ABX therapy including HUGE production problems which caused a voluntary recall with Zerbaxa and THEN having e-test issues w 3rd party company for Recarbrio..truly embarrassing and upsetting for our customers. Doesn’t lend itself to building confidence
HIV has some products in the pipeline, also I’m excited to see where we end up with our Covid-19 treatmernt
Patent cliff is worrisome with much of the oncology pipeline still far behind and the future uncertain.  I hope this does not force the company to change it's values but continue to put the patient first
With some uncertainty, I am hopefully optimistic.
I believe MSD is a great company, our oncology pipeline of products is very strong but definitely we our future will be determined by the ability to develop new molecules to treat other diseases in the future
Big company with a great future
Its smart for the company to focus on niche markets since there’s no where to grow in the primary care markets.  Plus the virtual digital upgrades for interacting with customers, continue this evolution
My major concern is how to integrate MSDAH and MAHI successfully and new product portfolio in future
We have to rapid registration process of our products in Egypt and increase Our portfolio
I’m not sure about MSD future after Organon spin-off: big stable part of business leaves the company.
No clear strategy for MSD culture
We have an incredible opportunity in front of us with a robust pipeline and established culture of putting patients first.  It will be critical that when decisions are made, they are made with collaboration from all parts of the organization. Compliance making decisions without understanding the field impact and vice versa puts us at a disadvantage
I like to hear about new MSD’s products
Looking at all the new hires at West Point, gives me confidence of the future of Merck
Strong current products and pipeline suggest an exciting future.
with excellent drugs are in development
There’s no strong launching in pipeline
SOP for any kind of group meeting is too hard to follow in practices.
New products
The recent history of top down budget cuts and do more (because you can innovate) is tiresome. Why? Because there is no strategy and tactics to achieve it.  Simply asking people to imagine if is not enough.
I am excited about the company's future and the part that we can all play in it regardless of which division we belong to. We have a great mission and vision that is clearly shared to all employees. This helps bring people together with the sense of same direction.
Robust pipeline, quality products
With the spin off of Organon we have a great opportunity to be more innovative and agile, remove the bureaucracy and focus on our HH and AH products of now and in the future.
i hope good and suitable company to growing
Am excited globally, as for as India is concern, more Brands Need to be launched for better future, only limited bands available here, globally we have good no.of Brands that can be bought into India.
First it gives us responsivities to carry out every day, then it recognize us for the work done. It is a fantastic place to work, I am confident that it will take care of me.
With the Organon Spin-Off, it will be interesting to see the impact and also how will the Way of Working changes.
Need strong portfolio
Need products are coming in
Although there were recently some delays and cancellations of new projects, I believe MSD is a strong company and will be able to build new exciting plans for the future
the company is going through a lot of management changes including MRL- with external headwinds as well, the company MUST walk the walk of agile, inclusion to build for the next stage of out journey
Expecting some new products launches in Metabolic division India, as Januvia will loose it’s exclusivity in next year.
Too much pressure for survival in MSD..
The future of MSD seems to be strictly related with KEYTRUDA which has a great risk factor. In other treatment areas the pipeline seems poor.
For Oncology: needs clear strategy and solutions to access of combo regimens with 2 on-patent drugs, which is expected to be key growth drivers in near-term in the midst of pricing pressure (e.g., US, EU, etc.) and economic impact of pandemic. Further down the timeline, require clear illustrations of multiple growth drivers upon patent expiry of Keytruda
a lot of people are over worked. a lot of people are not working 8hrs and still complain. to much politics. Departments are not in sync and have a lot of grudges towards each other specially managers
We are a strong company with a great portfolio and great people working here
Overfocus on Keytruda, mediocre pipeline. No major acquisitions of tech platforms (e.f. mRNA, CarT, gene therapy) feels we missed the train.
I struggle to understand the strategy for Animal Health with factories integration (Antelliq) which has nothing to do with medicines
It is not always clear to me what this future is going to look like, the communication about this could be improved.
Having alot of career improvement
My understanding of market and trends is not strong enough to allow me to get a real understanding of what's going to happen.
feels some what insecure
Unsure what effect the failing development of COVID-related medicine will have and I'm worried about the consequences in case executive management has to react to 'manage' the stock market.
The recent retrenchment rocked everybody.
I am excited about the London discovery centre that will be built in Kings Cross and the opportunities that will bring
Highly effective innovative drugs are the key to a bright future
No new product in pipeline
I like what is happening in oncology and HIV settings
I think there could be a bright future for MSD Milton Keynes with the right amount of attention to upgrading and replacement of equipment in the older areas to optimise efficiency of the plants.
I am curious what M&A Merck&MSD will make in the field of RNA technology specific for cancer treatment and vaccines.
Yes agree
I hope that the company will continue to develop medicines which will cure successfully serious deceases like cancer, diabetes, AIDS.
Ițm not sure yet how valuable are our future therapeutic assests
Current ways of working are not sustainable and I don't get job satisfaction in my current role.
AZIENDA CHE OFFRE FARMACI INNOVATIVI  in AREE TRAPEUTICHE  STRATEGICHE quali ONCOLOGIA, ANTIVIRALI
How to bring more innovation to the patients
With changes in leadership and increased dependence on Keytruda would like to understand where our growth will come from
Skeptical about Brexit and it's implications on MSD-UK
The current construction at the Rahway site is positive.
Pipeline concerns. Too Keytruda reliant. Loss of Ken and Roger.
* High R&D investments which until now resulted only in a minor output at the commercial side * Company risks (spin off of Organon) -> high costs and at the end a less diverse portfolio  * Complex global organization (e.g. QMS complexity instead of back to basics strategy)
There seems to be a lot of changing of leadership - makes me feel uneasy.
the company is mainly relying its future on Keytruda while the competitors are also developing similar therapies, we need more diversified portfolio to remain competitive.
I'm focused on 'right now', the future isn't something I get excited about under any conditions other than a nice holiday someplace new.
Very exciting to work on new medicines for the world's benefit
I fear that the pipeline may not be robust enough to keep Merck/MSD profitable in the future.  There is much dependence on Keytruda and Keytruda combos.  What lies beyond Keytruda?
I'd like to understand more about the threats and opportunities with the m-RNA vaccines.
Elkton site is growing, a lot of talented people are joining teams
But Merck does not have the employees in mind, only to pad the board members pockets.
The failure of three of Merck's COVID response programs (V590, V591, MK-7110) makes me worried about our company's future in innovation.
Concerned about post-Keytruda world
I think we have a lot of opportunities in front of us, but as always - it is a risky business.
Good company and we will make it Asia number 1 company very soon
Would like to know more about how we can expand our portfolio in non-oncology areas.
I believe in the vision and strategy of the company. Also, the leadership is competent and focused to achieve the objectives.
not a lot of information on the pipeline
The products that we have in the market and some of the products we have in our pipeline are life changing to people and I love being able to identify and work in a company that is about changing people's lives for the better. The Merck mission incenting for life is one I support and feel proud of.
I am so disappointed by Ken Frazier's political activity.  And also on Sync there are very "left-leaning" articles highlighted.  The data will show that the 2020 election was stolen and then Merck will be fools for siding with the wrong data.  No I do not have hope for Merck unless this stops.
Diversity and Inclusion are slowly getting part of more discussions. It hasn't reached MRL enough yet, but the direction is better...
good development pipeline, good R&D leadership,
We have stated a commitment to specialization in cancer and vaccines, yet I do not see us with the market leadership in vaccine innovation I would expect to accompany that commitment.
Merck and MSD and going through lots of changes and a time of uncertainty. Hope to see more positive changes and clear vision and direction from the new leadership.
Lots of leadership changes, questionable marketing decisions in the midst of a pandemic (G9 direct to consumer campaign launch in January 21?).
I am excited to launch new vaccines and with the large gap in vaccination created by COVID I am excited to help customers address this issue.
Strong management team, led by our CEO Rob Davis.   Excellent framework put together by former CEO Ken Frazier.
The excitement that i feel about the work we're doing and its promise is real.  However, there are real challenges and head winds ahead (loss of exclusivity) that are likewise real.  On balance, i feel good about our potential, but would be remiss if i didn't acknowledge the equal and significant challenges.
Great growth potential with Keytruda and additional combinations and products
I am a little nervous with all of the leadership changes.
I read the article on seekingalpha.com about the 3 reasons Warren Buffet loves Merck!   Very dependable dividends and has the best selling drug in history with Keytruda.  Merck has a strong pipeline and analysts believe it’s stock can grow over the long term.
Not a lot of promising product in Chronic Care
Excited about the science that Merck is working on, but not excited about the security of my position within the post-COVID world.
good pipeline, however that bonuses were cut for 2020 does not bode well
I think there is a lot happening at Merck/MSD to be excited about. In terms of recommending as a great place to work, I believe it largely depends on markets, function/BU, role.
I'm worried about being bought or another big merger that would impact me.   I'm concerned about the big turnover of leadership and the ability of the company to sustain performance with so many new leaders testing their authority & political position.
Not sure where we are headed after the recent political statements
Keytruda coming off patient, US tax reforms, and a workforce which are burntout with no hope for allowing extra resources to be hired to help with the workload
I believe Merck has a robust and exciting pipeline - most notably in areas that span modalities. Personally this represents not only a great opportunity for patients in need but also provides a very robust learning and growing environment for employees.
I believe the company split allows for more opportunity to grow the oncology and vaccine business which are critical for patients' quality and longevity of life.
This is a great company with excellent benefits, but I think we need to work on moving more quickly with our research and not fall behind to competitors
Agree that Merck/MSD's future is bright, but slightly concerned about proposed pace of development timelines (very fast) as well as the direction of the company towards finding the next blockbuster drug before 2028 when Keytruda's patent expires. More clear and consistent communication on Merck/MSD goals and strategies would build confidence.
Worried about what’s in the pipeline for our division. We have product(s) that have upcoming patent expirations, and we have no knowledge of new products coming for our division.
We lost the covid-19 vaccine development race against Pfizer and other pharmaceutical companies
A series of COVID2 vaccine/drug setbacks is a concern.  A lot of licensing in but the return is poor while the internal research budget is tight.  We need to do better on license in and out.
The high-level strategy, especially around acquisitions is not clear. I have concerns that we are investing in too many assets and not focusing on key ones.
I don’t feel the company is supporting chronic care.
Our pipeline is strong and our management Team is positive.
I am excited about our new product pipeline.
The only thing holding back a "Strongly Agree" is the lack of transparency as to the future alignment of the oncology business unit and our pipeline.  Post pandemic it is clear we need to right size as positions go unfilled and Wall Street analysts and my customers know more about our pipeline than I do, its a shame.
There are a constant stream of new products in development, clinical trials and progressing to commercial approval.
It's great that we are saving and improving lives, but there is still so much waste within the company.
I believe the pipeline seems uncertain
despite challenges, the business model of developing and marketing innovative medicines will remain a critical need
some actions sometimes seem short term - a sudden reaction.  Best example is "special cost reduction activities" to address a short term need vs. installing solid, cost "management" principles that are managed daily as part of the management framework.  Same has been done for safety and quality and the pendulum shifts quickly.
A lot of leadership changes right now hence waiting to see what happens.
The future is uncertain at best.  I don’t feel the company has communicated to it’s employees where they stand.
Within the past year it has become increasingly difficult to work for Merck.  There have been more and more regulations and rules that affect impact our ability to do our jobs effectively. Ex: 12 appts per year, no alcohol at programs, the inability to partner with joint ventures for programs, restrictions to scheduling programs.
I think there is great opportunity for Merck and I like that the Senior Leadership is talking about it but I don't see it filtering down from above. The decisions and choices that my direct leadership are making seem to contradict what I've been hearing from Riad and Ken and now they are both leaving. On top of that the reporting layers get deeper and deeper and the SVPs of my area are even further away for where the actual work is being done and everything is translated through so many layer of people that don't have any clue of what's going on that I don't think the SVP and higher actually see reality. It's all a filter version of it by people that don't understand the work either.
I am excited about the future, but I feel we need to look not only into the long-term but also think about short-term solutions as well.  I feel we get too focused on the big picture ideas and do not think about what is needed right now.  For instance, in livestock we are not in the medicated feed additive space.  This is a high-dollar, high-margin space that could be used to pull along the rest of our portfolio and block competitors.  We also have an opportunity to be leaders in parasiticides but fail to bring new products to market.
Human Covid vaccines is just one small part. The entire Covid lockdown has brought us closer to our canine and feline pets that will result in more dollars spent on maintaining their health.
While I am excited, I am nervous about our pipeline, as it seems very concentrated.
We botched the whole Covid pandemic and hopefully we do something equally important for the human race to make up for it
Merck has a promising pipeline.
I am excited about our future but would like to see more molecules in the pipeline (not only pembrolizumab), and to lead our areas, i.e. our Covid vaccines failed, more license in and collaborations, etc.
Feel like it's all about profit, cutting costs, and doing "more with less" these days. That mentality does not make me excited for the future.
A little skeptical about the future with performance dragging due to COVID-19.
I am excited about Verquvo helping improve outcomes for  heart failure patients and the possibility of promoting a new cough medicine end of the year.  Also,  praying for FDA approval for Molnupiravir because the World needs it. In addition, Merck and MSD are doing amazing work with Keytruda.  As a customer facing representative I greatly appreciate the digital capabilities we have to stay connected with our customers during this time     I was able to launch Verquvo with an office based customer while he was working In the hospital.   The  OCM capability made it possible.
Impressive pipeline of new product Investment in acquisitions to increase significance for our customers
Merck is not standing still selling only old products. I enjoy the fact that we have new products every year to talk about with customers. It keeps me excited about my job.
I am not very sure of what is the future of Merck and MSD
Merck has a rich history of helping people be well, i look forward to hearing and learning about Merck' strategy from our new CEO
Merck is focused on customers and bringing new technology to the patient therefore should have a good future.
Not sure of the future with COVID and loss revenue
Innovation and invention of products are leading the world very exciting!
What is exciting is the strong collaboration between the CTT and GCTO to serve our sites and patients.
I feel like the company’s agenda is more focused on “diversity and inclusion” and making political statements then the goals of providing life saving and improving drugs.
Focus is not on business
I am very excited about the Durham site in particular and the addition of new products to the site. This will create many opportunities for growth within Merck.
I am concerned about our future innovation
Great pipeline, great ethics and morals.  Wouldn't want to work anywhere else
A bit uncertain about the future given the global situation with the pandemic.
I am hopeful and look forward to promoting future discoveries in the Oncology Market. The advancements and collaborations that have occurred in just the last 4 years give me confidence that Merck is moving in the right direction.
Concerned about financial concentration risk in KEYTRUDA and GARDASIL 9
Although there is a common sense of urgency in process improvement and agility, Merck is still not an agile company and pandemic fatigue is more evident this year amongst employees. Concerned that we are not retaining the best resources amidst.
I'm a little nervous right now due to COVID program stops, but we are a strong company and I know we will come through stronger
The company is split into MSD en Organon. We focus on vaccins. That is new technology en new workplaces
Great future important products.
Merck is a very innovative, ethical company. Merck treats employees well and has great benefits. Merck invests a lot into research & has a robust pipeline.
We are currently placing a lot of weight on 2 products. May not be sustainably long term esp. with Organon spin off
not sure i understand what future besides keytruda and gardasil
Great for new hires but no incentives for those over 15 years. Not pay increase
Merck is doing a lot of great things, and when I see all the activity around partnering up with other companies the future looks very bright.
I am nervous about all of the company imposed restrictions around how often we are “allowed” to conduct FFM meetings especially with the number of representatives in the OSR positions and the number of indications. I feel as though we are handing off the opportunities for engagement to our competitors.
It feels like Merck’s future is somewhat at the mercy of the rest of the world’s, in that things are not business as usual due to the pandemic.  The pipeline will progress for sure, but what will the future of the HH Sales look like?
As an employee of 3 years or less, there has been a lot of red flags about the future of this company. The future of Merck is determined by people whom hold positions that overpower the field reps, and that is what is discomforting. I do not feel as though the best interest of our customers are taken to consideration at times. It feels they use those positions to gain popularity or to use their positions as a personal platform instead of a professional position. I feel as if it is forgotten that we work for the people who buy our products and those are the people we should be serving.  I feel like the Animal Health side of our future gets really busy and we end up with too many irons in the fire and can't properly manage any of them. Supply, marketing, rebates, technology, etc. We really have yet to have a good handle on any one of these areas and its noticed by our customers.
I dont feel excited about anything going on at Merck.
Outside of Keytruda the pipeline appears very thin compared to our history. Also upper management appears to be more focused on other things besides the business.
Bit worried about the strength of Merck's Discovery Biology
Great pipeline for the MAH/CABU Business!
It’s such an amazing time for patients and I’m happy to be a pert of this.
The future is bright, we need to keep populating our pipeline to continue our growth.  Can we continue sponsoring promising products in the pipeline and not fall victim to losing out in the next Keytruda?
Pricing/policy environment is going to be changing in the UIS and unclear how prepared we are as a company to meet this change.  Concerned about our ability to execute on key elements of our pipeline.
I am particularly excited about pipeline products HIV and new Oncology Indications
I think the pipeline is promising but I’m concerned with the regulatory environment and Merck’s interpretation of certain aspects such as Policy letter 3 and limiting the number of customer interactions.
I am excited about the future concerning new products and medicines that will help improve lives for people and animals.
I believe oncology has a stable and strong future and I feel a lot of job security at Merck which is one of the most important things for me
I appreciate the upper managements long term planning enabling a strong pipeline and beneficial path forward for the company, patients, and employees.
From a sales professional perspective I do not strongly agree with this because recent new compliance policies that have been adopted are debilitating to work within and therefore giving our competition an advantage to work with.  Great products but less capabilities to communicate that information.
I am proud to say that I work for this company.
I would be more strongly excited if I knew various governments would be more business friendly to the pharmaceutical industry in the future
not clear what mgmt is doing to look into new therapies
Growth and new products are exciting.
not sure what the new CEO & other senior leaders will do once Ken & Roger are officially gone? For example: Will Merck continue to invest in R&D? How strong will Dean Li be as a leader if our revenues come from Oncology & he's not an Oncologist or Immunologist? Lots of uncertainty
The willing to change and becoming more agile, more diverse and focusing on employee people and development is exciting me. In addition, I´m glad to feel that upper management is also committed with this change and evolution for the company.
Our pipeline looks really strong and I feel confident in the companies we have invested in
As long as I am part of the company, then I am excited about its future!
I have a very positive outlook for the company's future and the opportunities that might present for my professional development.
There is an organization where everyone is treated differently based off how your leadership feels about you.
I am excited about the feature of the organisation.  They are innovative, they are worldwide, they are striving to be  No. 1  Pharmaceutical company and not shy to say so..  They have taken over and merged with other companies and have succeeded.  Their recent vaccine Keytruda is a success, so yes I am excited to where they are heading...
A comprehensive pipeline，and also some star products.
Merck’s an incredible company and proud to work here
I am excited about the products in our pipeline.
I'm proud of what this company has accomplished and will accomplish in the future. But, cost constraints on the Pharma industry as a whole mean that we are facing challenges in the future.
Sometimes I am curious about the long term future of Chronic Care.
Do not see the career path ahead. it is difficult to get promotion in Asia Pacific.
I am excited about Merck’s future, I just worry about  downsizing
hoping oncology continues to have a full pipeline and be a leader in this space
Pipeline seems not to be sufficient, company is getting smaller which is translated to less career opportunities and additional workload.
Portfolio questions me being focused on with Keytruda
it's glad to see more actions taken to digitalise current tedious process.
There should be more innovation, currently there we are still benefitting from products that are still öld fashioned"
Except Keytruda, the pipeline is pretty empty. No compounds there that offers a lot of growth perspective. Resources are very limited and continue to decrease annually.
Disappointed that we weren't able to come up with a covid vaccine
New opportunities, new meds, new partnerships, exciting projects
I worry about Keytruda LoE and our future in oncology. I also worry about our competitiveness in view of how risk averse we are in promotion and customer engagement.
Some concerns around future pipeline gaps for the security of the business
we where no where to be seen with a covd 19 vaccines . where is our own products from our own pipeline. the only drugs we come out with we buy . not like the old Merck
Merck will continue to do well, I don’t know that the Chronic care division will continue.
let´s think about creating health instead of only creating medicines. We are a heath company, no a drug company
Keytruda patent cliff will be a problem
I'm looking forward to the full qualification of the MSD biotech Dublin site and the commencement of the KDCM project and the challenges to come.
Keytruda LOE and new EC leave areas of uncertainty.
I’m feeling uncertain, but cautiously optimistic. It’s always hard when there is a lot of top leadership change and you’re not sure how it will effect you. I also think we’ve experienced some pipeline losses with Covid program that is disappointing
I see the hospital sales force as vital to meeting the patients’ needs with resistant bacteria and tough to treat bacteria.
I'm a bit worried.
I'm concerned about the level of training technicians and managers are receiving. Over the past 5 or so years, training employees has taken a backseat to getting product out the door. New hires are leaving because they're being offered one shift by HR and then the department needs change and their shift is changed. New hires are leaving because training is not a priority and they are frustrated.
We need to ensure we are not relying just on keytruda to ensure success as the market access environment becomes tougher
In general I am excited about the future but have some concerns about the company further narrowing its interests and leaving some important areas, such as antibacterial development.
In the past year there have been many changes in the leadership at Merck (Corporate, US Marketing, US Sales, etc.).  Although the shifts and appointments have involved individuals with relevant qualifications and experience, I am far more uncertain than usual about the stability of the company due to both the number of individuals in new positions and the underwhelming diversity of those in that leadership grouping. The future of the company is only as stable and successful as leaderships ability to coordinate, cooperate , and stay informed on issues related to innovation with our product/solution pipeline, customer access, and employee satisfaction/wellbeing.
Would be great to know what’s in the pipeline as “info only not to be shared with customers”. Keeps us excited and feeling invigorated knowing new to come!
Not much in pipeline
We're a little slow to change and adopt "new" technologies - think this mindsight will hurt us long-term.
Not seeing a bright pipeline of future prospects.
Hopeful that we remain committed to innovative medicines and vaccine with unambiguous clinical and competitive advantage and meaningful work for our employees.  Let’s see where new leadership takes us on this journey.
We seem to have most of our pipeline eggs on one nest - Oncology. LOE is approaching in a few years. What is our next blockbuster?
unsure of the strategy for continued success beyond Keytruda
I am concerned in regards to our future as it seems like we are struggling as a company in the Covid product space.   It seems as if we are changing direction often and therefore wasting money.   Now our AIP will be poor again.
A lot of change is happen.  Only time will tell if this change is positive or negative for a long term growth and sustainability... But I am hopeful.
changes in leadership have caused uncertainty, as well as Keytruda patent expiry
The innovations of Merck, Merck Animal Health and MSD are always exciting. As corporate positions shift, it can lead to job instability. This is part of the nature of corporate. Thus, excited overall but cautious.
I see nothing in the future from MSD about career path
I am looking forward to new projects!
Our future hiring practices regarding the elimination of college degrees for various field positions, devalues current employees and lowers morale.
So many changes and new opportunities
The CRA role seems to only be driven by numbers recently and is continuing down that path. Just checking boxes doesn't provide the overall picture of what is going on and decreases quality in my opinion.
The company is made up of a group of great people, and those people have a sense of purpose. At Merck, people get up every day in the morning with the desire to alleviate human suffering, and that's what motivates people.
Concerned about pipeline beyond Januvia and Keytruda.
Company wide I agree, As a specific department I disagree.
We still have a great pipeline, great place to work
Concerned Merck has all the focus on KEYTRUDA
Investing into the future
I recently moved to the Vaccine team and will be interested in what happens to the Chronic Care business when Januvia loses its patent exclusivity.  Can Merck replace that revenue loss and will the company’s focus move away from the tablet/primary care business?
Am worried about near-term challenges.  The past year has been overwhelming (pandemic, search for COVID treatments, Organon Spin) and we now have 7K employees moving to Organon with limited plans for backfills.  The workload will not decline but there are fewer resources to handle.  Many don't have confidence that leadership has driven the transformation (in HOW we get things done), so while resources will depart, the workload will only increase on those remaining.  Bottom line:  BURNOUT and business disruptions are serious risks in the coming year.
In terms of shareholder value and customer value Merck has a bright future.  Personally, I am leaving the company at my earliest opportunity because my semi-educated, petulant manager does everything he can to prevent anyone from advancing in their career.
I think Merck has an exciting pipeline and am engaged by that, but given how poorly Keytruda has been managed in Australia as the indications grow I struggle with this statement.
I realise MSD has a great degree of potential especially within the Oncology space, but I’m unsure of the future at MSD regarding current roles within the commercial teams. This is as the landscape has been changing so rapidly over the past number of years at the business. It is not so much the change that have occurred of late, but the frequency with which wholesale roles have been lost over time and a progression towards digital implementation of certain roles.
I see Merck / MSD a solid company looking for continuous  strategies  to keep been successful globally
Great MSD
With no doubt, MSD's product platform and culture is amazing and caring the people around the world.
nothing
Politics play a huge role in choosing right people in terms of career development . Sometimes much more than competences .
I'm currently on a gig with another site that is in start up. This assignment has let me see loads of other opportunities at other sites and above site groups. There is loads of exciting times ahead for MSD
This way we're focussing on the wrong issues
Lots uncertainty in the world right now. Spin of NewCo & reaction to its success will be important  going forward into Q3/Q4 2021.   Long-term I believe the company is in a good position
MSD strategy on products and innovation will guarantee that MSD will always work on cutting edge subjects and has corresponding opportunities as a company.
I do worry sometimes that the company will struggle if there are no new FDA approvals, and this will impact the security of jobs in R&D.
I feel like we missed the boat with developing a vaccine and multiple therapeutics for Covid. It would have been nice to see those come to fruition.
I very excited to see the expansion projects at the Durham, NC site come up into full production.
Appreciate the regular updates from Senior Management
Nervous too- covid impact, changes in regulatory measures, ACIP recommendations- other unknowns
The impressions I've interpreted by colleagues seem to indicate that Merck's success is plateauing.
Excited about the new expansion here in Elkton, but in the same concern with the amount of new hires and the possibility of the need to reduce head count down the road.
I would be more excited if they were less conservative
I feel communication, messaging of top areas of focus is at an all time high. Lots of concern for employees well being is part of all messages inside of GDMS and its comforting in this tough time
The integrity of our company and the products we manufacture make me proud!
I am excited with the change of leadership to see what will different in our future and hopefully not so politically driven.
I am little worried about the impact of covid pandemics on our future as we see behaviour changes in vaccination, oncology treatment delays etc. as a result of pandemics.
Excited about the future but nervous about pipeline and patent loss
This company is so risk averse that they allow people to get away with being abusive to colleagues rather than address the issue.  I have on many occasions been the victim of harassment, and bullying.  In addition to this, those same people who cause trouble for me, and others are treated better by management than the rest of us, as management is concerned about false HR complaints.  (At least, that is how it is perceived by me, and others on the shop floor.)
I would be more excited if there were room for growth in my salary range
excited and nervous - there have been a lot of changes.
Not really sure what is in the future
Updates on upcoming pipeline is not widely dispersed throughout the company. Unless you log into the Quarterly updates, you don't get a vision on how the company is performing. Quick 10 minute updates would be beneficial to inform people on how the company is doing.
Slight concern about being outpaced in the innovation space by competitors such as Pfizer, Moderna, SP
Concerns include COVID Impact to our business (can we sustain current operations) and what happens after Keytruda patent expiry.
I hope and pray that MSD will continue to discover new Drugs to provide for the World. I also Hope that MSD Philippines continue to Grow as a Company, because I never want leave MSD and I want to stay here in MSD until i retire.
Situation is very bad.
In think India there is no road map sharing to TB
I hear from the Clinical research department to introduce the development of ADCs in the 1st Innovation Forum. I believe MSD will have a bright future.
Don’t no what happen after LOE of sitagliptin
I think our company is coming with new products
I am worried about the future of MSD and the employees  Sitagliptin LOE
Not many new products are getting launched-the opportunity  to growth is getting slimmer
Even after continuous performance our ZBM Mr. Shahid Azmi said that we were in the list as Prayagraj, Lucknow, India is a small territory and after this year we would be nowhere in the organisation because of the downsizing which is going to happen in the organisation which has started an insecurity level in our mind.
The industry’s future is so hard to predict, but I feel Merck is a very strong company.
With research and socially responsible company
With LOE of Januvia , MSD India needs portfolio , specially in vaccines . we have strong pipepline but it takes long time to launch the same in India
MSD's each team is very talented and together we will deliver to achieve the growth of the Company
We don’t have any products in the pipeline. The patent of Januvia expiring next year. So I am unclear about my future.
We have great innovations and the future is looking bright
We don’t know wether our Job is safe how can we say future
Merck has a great pipeline, and this is always reassuring for an employee.
I am still new but I believe MSD will have a great future
For new molecules and products and employees benefit
All Pdts are evidence based.
Interested in new medicines developments.
Merck new inventions like Molunapiravir to save more COVID patients life’s is highly appreciated.
The product pipeline is very exciting as well as the current licensed product portfolio. As I am not in an US role, it does seem as though there are not as many opportunities for the overseas staff.
I think the pipeline is very promising and will improve many patient's lifes
The patent cliff of i.e. Januvia, Bridion and especially Keytruda without a pipeline perspective that can fully absorb the revenue risk is worrisome
We work with passionate, visionary, action-oriented people who are positively embracing change. There is a lot to be excited about.
This is a great platform to working and very good future.
1-the nervousness and scepticism of investors because of our dependance to Keytruda and in a lower extend to HPV vaccine. lack of new blockbusters in the pipeline=> investments in other companies instead of MSD ? 2-failure in developing a successful candidate against COVID 19 => impact on, reputation, leadership,  3-Rigidity  and formalism of the organisation = barrier to take part of the full current redefinition of vaccines business not anymore fully oligopolistic and emergence of new BM. 4-mismatch between call for team collaboration and team recognition, reward system remains focus on individuals. Self promotion remains the golden rule to be recognised as a performer versus team supporter/carer/developer. 5-Conservatism which don't foster enough creativity necessary to anticipate for disrupted futures 6-unbalanced energy, time and money invested in over qualitative internal communication versus external com' and impact. 7-lack of assessment and reward of individual mgt skillsa
Disappointing that we could not get a Covid vaccine approved
Effects of Corona on the business
Im very happy to be part of Merck/Msd company
Lack of clarity
No new products/ combinations  in diabetes portfolio is expected.so CVM ‘S future remains uncertain.
Lots of changes occurring now with little information being disseminated regarding the future direction of the company.
Maybe we need more pipeline outside oncology(Keytruda)/vaccines and less focus on process (agile, digital, etc which seems to be a religion right now). Maybe we could also take more calculated risk... could we maybe have brought our Covid innovations faster to patients instead of stopping our programs?
MSD is a great company, but to complicated process and redundant workload didn't catch up today's update
Keytruda is Merck now.  We used to have a stable full of blockbusters - not anymore.
Strong continued growth opportunity and seemingly continued strong leadership throughout the company
Our leadership changes and pipeline need to stay strong.
I am generally excited about Merck's future, but at times I am more concerned (various acquisitions, mgmt concerns with spending money to bulletproof Keytruda)
The future of this Company will depend on its people.  Especially managers.  Managers at Merck are appointment because of their experience and not a demonstrated ability to lead- with innovation, compassion and a true commitment to DEI.  I am deeply afraid for the Company in that they have not learned about our deep inequities.  The 2016 lawsuit from women past and present employees should have been an strong indicator that change in indicative.
I am concerned about our pipeline beyong Keytruda and if we our poised to maintain our leadership as a vaccine developer.
Doesn’t seem like their is a care about retaining people anymore
I am excited and hopeful for Merck’s future
The oncology pipeline is impressive. I am excited about the potential for combination therapies and new scientific breakthroughs
the quality of contract workers coming in are not what they used to be and they are getting  hired.  the work ethic and skills arer not there.
The outlook for growth at the facility I work is very limited to a specific category of medicines.  I am hopeful the site at least remains viable.
What's coming out of our Biologics Discovery areas? The pipeline growth feels all acquisitions and reactionary molecules development. We wait for other companies to identify the molecules and targets and then rush to catch up.
There is a lot of talk about cost cutting.  As our group doesn't have any travel or conference expenses to cut, I am concerned that we will lose staff members.  Whether I am let go or not, that has a large impact in the amount of work we can complete.
Merck has forgotten that Medicine is for the People, NOT the Profits!
I am excited about the current oncology products and the pipeline.
Merck is growing and expanding at such a fast pace that they are ignoring departments that are present.  I feel like if you cant handle was is going on now with current employees, it will only get worse as you employ more.
A lot of canceled projects in the vaccine pipeline, compounded with the general feelings of languish personally and seen in my coworkers, it feels a little bleak and absent of new and exciting technologies and deliverables.
I like to see all the investments going into my home site of West Point and that makes me feel great about the future of that site and for Merck as a whole.
wondering how we are going to get there
Merck is going through significant, continued change with leadership and to Ways of Working.  All of these can be positive things, however we continue to try to do everything w/o disciplined prioritization and decision-making, on inadequate budgets, and while under-resourced (FTEs).  As an employee, it is difficult to be excited until we understand how we are going to get out of this perpetual cycle.
New product new job role
My only concern is talk of realignment and downsizing oncology teams
Merck has a lot of potential if they would allow their people to cross over and learn new skills
Our pipeline is strong particularly in Virology
We have to find a way to be more progressive...I know we are a big company but we are falling behind especially in clinical research.  We want to be the company of choice but we put shackles on our sites and force them to do things our way.  We need to get more buy in from all stakeholders both internally and externally.  We also can do a better job at making sure people throughout the organization are connected.
IT IS THE TREND AND POTENTIAL TO BRING NEW, NOVEL THERAPIES TO MARKET THAT HAS ME EXCITED.  I’M LESS EXCITED IF WE JUMP ON ANOTHER “ME TOO” BANDWAGON LIKE STEGLATRO.
I am disappointed that Merck’s COVID vaccine was not successful.  Is Merck too dependent on Keytruda?
Our future success lies in combining MAHI with MAH, and also our pipeline of new products and services.
Two covid vaccine programs and one therapeutic Ab program cost a lot of money and the scientists' tremendous time and effort but all ended up in vain, causing doubt about the scientific capability/leadership of the high management.
There are always new products coming out which is so exciting for the company, providers, and patients.
No clear candidate pipeline in the biologics or vaccines that gives a great level of assurance to the future in comparison to other major pharmas.
The recent program cancellations and acquisitions that have not resulted in developing products have been discouraging.
I am excited to be part of the company where we develop and place on the markets breakthrough medicines
RD is ongoing, company is poised to keep on solving problems. Keytruda is BIG!
Unsure of Future
as a vaccine company, i am looking forward of our new innovations
I applicate the policy and the products from our company, and want to say thanks for discovery and development section.
Feel like the future of the company is somewhat irrelevant to us
Lack of exciting products for launch
very high sales pressure given to TBM
no input or even when there is something on your day off you're not informed
Specially in vaccine , no pipe line of new product , and we are not flexible in terms of marketing streagy.
Yes it’s a good place to work and the management is good and last but not the least the market value of MSD is excellent
Excited to Welcome New Opportunities
The vision beyond Keytruda may cause some thinking and even potential worry
No new products for long time so not sure
Launching new products
New products in MSD INDIA
Very less opportunity to Grow
No clarity from upper management
Carlow 2 extension
Feature product pipelines are not clearly informed to the field force
No clarity about future pipeline and new products in the CVM portfolio
Merck’s 125 years history and future plans look strong
One of the best animal health company which truly works for betterment on human and animals
Because now the organization is not growing, as no new brands launched since many years
Very good  culture and good environment  in all areas
Proud of being employee of Highly Research & Academic Organisation
Need to understand about the product in pipeline..
MSD need strong pipe line of products to make employees excited about future. Keytruda is a good drug but MSD has lot of dependency on it.
With change brings opportunity
Yes it give opportunities to grow in the organisation
MSD has always bringing innovative products
Proud on diversity and environmental / energy consumption targets
I am proudly say I am a MSDians.
No strong pipeline and strategy
Clear that strategic choices needed to be made, but our very narrowed focus on just oncology and vaccines takes away from the diversity that made MSD more attractive in the past.
I am concerned in Merck's ability to innovate and be responsive.   This pandemic has hilighted the capabilities of others in the industry that were previously thought to be nowhere near our capabilities and they have now leapfrogged us.   The case for change is incredibly strong
Merck is always expanding and growing.  I am excited to see what is next.
No clear pathway about company future especially growth of individual
My role is not clearly defined within my group eventhough I have asked for it numerious times with my manager..
Great Place to work Here
I believe Merck has a solid pipeline in oncology.  I am very concerned about the limitations that have recently affected our interactions with customers (RAT tool, program restrictions, limiting our FFM interactions to 12/HCP/year).
I am a little concerned with the Organon split and losing value there but still thing Merck has a very strong pipeline and future.
Truly concerned about our ability to move products from investigational into approval.  Our COVID assets is an example of perhaps not enough foresight into partnerships early on and our decision to move away from MK7110 when there are patients who could possibly have derived benefit.  George Merck's focus of putting patients first-we need to revisit.
No career growth opportunity and new product pipeline.. Poor support to sales team in resolving issues and problems in enabling field team to perform better
Very much excited about my company future because of strong leadership ,deliver things in ethical way and strong Research and development
We have a great pipeline and I continue to learn and grow with this company.
This company has swung too far on social injustice rather than letting us focus on our jobs and lofty objectives we need to hit. Diversity and inclusion is a joke here. You either think like one group or you’re an outcast if you actually have religious beliefs and are a critical thinker that is no longer valued. Our differences are what makes us unique, once we conform to one opinion we lose our competitive edge .
Expecting New Vaccine Launch at MSD Vaccine BU, as we are experiencing stagnancy in current vaccines because of increase in Government Vaccination. Looking forward to see my future with exiting vaccine launch with high business drive.
The future is unknown and the market landscape seems to rapidly be changing.
I feel that there has been significant change in the executive leadership of the company which warrants concern.
The way it is going in the organisation feel really scared about future and The way people got reduced in last few years only hits the confidence also the way currently  lot of stress and very much frightened how long will able to survive in the organisation
I don't understand the Organon split rationale.
I know that Merck GENUINELY cares about each and every one of us - and they are quick to tell us. I love working for a company where I know my voice matters, and where I'll be pushed and guided to be the best version of myself. I'm so grateful to call this my home.
Merck has the resources to support growth, but the pharmaceutical industry is ripe with disrupters. RNA vaccines are an example of this. We have a bright future if we can adapt. I'd like to see us apply an agility/readiness to our working style. Personnel training and designing our production with flexibility in mind will be key.
Really futuristic company
MSD is great company for employees & for customers as well.
I am excited and waiting for the new launches in diabetic segment
New products will come positively
To stay longer in the company
Would like to learn more about our future and what the company plans on doing to grow into the future
As no new appointments in any divisions or no new product introduction
nothing in this world better than MSD/Merck
Sure, will be interesting to see where this goes
I hope to see MSD future the best place on earth because it’s the best company, but the leaders in Gulf are not the best to lead MSD futures unfortunately
With over 20 plus years i'm still thrilled to work for Merck, and all the exciting things to help with.
Although there is pressing need to develop other breakthrough therapies to offset Keytruda patent expiry.
i am worried, i feel we should do better and i am afraid that the focuss will be on cutting costs instead grabbing opportunity. the organisation as a whole is too complex and with (global) groups not always well aligned and sometimes with controdicting interests. in the core, we are not a flexible organisation.
While I am excited about the work Merck has done and continues to do, the ongoing stress and isolation of WFH has taken a toll on my mental well-being and feeling of belonging and contributing at Merck.  I wish Merck would be a leader when it comes to vaccination and return to work plans and not continually extending the return to work date.  There should be no concern with vaccinated people returning to work as usual (without masks, distancing, etc.) - that is the point of a vaccine.
There has been some exciting external collaborations in oncology.
Great opportunities and new products for site
Merck has a diverse, and rich pipeline and I am excited how we can execute to progress candidates through the clinic and to commercialization.
Merck is moving into right direction and has many products in pipeline. However, it seems like Merck is falling behind on implementing newer technologies compared to its competition.
I am excited about the commitment we all have to innovation as the foundation of caring for patients and growth of our company.  Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion has the potential to make us even stronger. We should welcome the contributions of every team member and ensure each of us brings our best self to our workplace.
I am energized by Merck's commitment to sustainability and climate change engagement!!!
Concerned about the political direction and political tone of the company.
Strong pipeline ahead and huge investment in R&D
IO, vaccines and response to COVID
The work that we do worldwide for our clients are invaluable.
It gives me great pleasure to be involved in the production of cures, and vaccines to make all people lives better
I am not familiar enough with where the biopharma industry is heading to get a good grasp about how Merck is aligned with industry trends and needs
It will be interesting to see how Merck/MSD grows in with consideration to diversity in management roles and growth opportunities available
I was part of an acquisition in the last couple of years. I am hopeful that in the future we will contribute to the accomplishments of Merck.
Excited about Merck accomplishments but not excited about site closure
As long as Keytruda continues to do well, so shall the company
I have concerns on the future of Merck based on the political climate that is placing pricing pressures on pharma and forcing health systems into a cost containment mindset.  Without profits, drug discovery becomes difficult.
Could be a little more transparent with what our future looks like...in regards to a strategic plan and business goals.
We are too hindering to talent and common-sense. We always re-acting instead of leading the way!
Not sure what the future holds within industry and Merck’s pipeline.  Lots of colleagues and Merck leadership leaving.
Merck could be the premier oncology company if they could get the over-the-top compliance people to learn about what we actually do as sales people.
Merck is positioned to be the leading Oncology company, but needs to make sure it doesn’t get in its own way by being too compliance cautious and scared to take risks.
I think the pipeline is very strong and am excited to see what all comes to fruition across Merck and especially in Oncology
We seem to be succeeding at this time in spite of ourselves.  Field personnel are operating under a set of rules and guidelines that are not industry standards, and they are at a distinct disadvantage regarding customer interactions.  They operate from a place of fear and job preservation rather than with patient care and customer service in mind.  Compliance has limited the ability to communicate effectively internally so much that ideas are discouraged and knowledge has fallen behind to an unsafe level for servicing customers (training simply cannot be done in a timely and continuous fashion).  Externally, Merck is widely known as difficult to partner with by other companies, institutions, and contractors, and this limits opportunity and advancement along with creating an overall negative reputation.
We have lost the vision of our company. Patients.  We have so many rules that restrict the sales force from performing our job to help patients.  Compliance has put unnecessary restrictions, 12  RFM per year, no Alcohol at programs, can’t attend programs with AZ, low bonus payout, the list continues.
Merck makes it very challenging to do our job by placing so many obstacles in our way. What good is it to have an amazing product if it is like pulling teeth to go out and sell it!
New Products
I am concerned about the revenue voids we have to fill with products nearing patent expiry. The new products don’t necessarily have the capability to to generate sales sufficient to fill these voids. Why does it take 7 people to sell Keytruda to the same customers, for the most part.
hope to see new class of Meds for the most pressing medical conditions
Looking forward on new medicines along with MSD’s pipeline drugs
Because Not having robust product pipeline.
The future of MSD very much depends on the pipeline and also the CLT members leadership
to expand career development within wide range of function
New products launch
As discussed in the Vision 2025, MSD will be fortified with all the plans that will be implemented.
I have concerns: smaller size of MSD after separation from Organon. Imminent LOE of key brands. Large % of sales in a single molecule. Workload is too high.
I need to see more pipeline after spin off.
Unfortunately, there is no bright future that can be seen in Turkey. But for Merck, definitely yes! I'm excited about MSD beyond Turkey.
MSD a great company to do the work and MSD have a great opportunity to grow .I love MSD
Cannot see the future
MSD Brinny is at a crossroads at the moment, the loss of V160 was a big blow to the site which has affected resourcing  of employees across the site.
I'm curious to see how the portfolio evolves after Organon spin off, does MSD rely on Keytruda or makes it more diverse, even with acquisitions.
I feel that there’s a lack of transparency when it comes to making important decisions like our company restructuring. I also feel a bit disappointed that we have had to lose senior white staff, based on BEE status in spite of the fact that many of these staff members still had a lot to offer.
There is a good pipeline of products coming and Merck/MSD is constantly looking at how it adapts the new ways of working
Recent Purchases has made me feel more confident
MSD is a stable company in this time of pandemic
Feel we're going to go through a period of change that will deliver a better future for everyone - patients especially but also Merck employees alike
I'm excited about Merck Globally and the future while the internal competition is a drawback that affects the environment negatively
The changes in Direct have really made it difficult to become excited about the future due to the enormous amount of teething and communication issues.
Carlow site in particular has a very exciting future
We have a very interesting pipe line in Oncology and continue to make a difference to patient's lives
I used to feel excited but recently I feel anxious about the future of MSD at my country taking into consideration the cutting cost and available promoted products
Merck and MSD's future is very promising and exiting but the company doesn't see employees as integral part of it's future
The building of the New Vial & Syringe Lines & Dolmen Building in Carlow is exciting times, and hopefully secure our future in the NEtwork
The oncology pipeline excluding Keytruda is not diversified
I think losing ken frazier is a huge blow to Merck, and replacing him with another bald white finance CEO while simultaneously trying to promote "diversity and inclusion" is laughably out of touch.
I think we have a great mission and wonderful vision and we have make a lot of effort to transform the company.  I do think we need a bit of time to implement many of these changes.  I feel we keep adding on transformation steps before we have implemented the previous steps.  Maybe slowing down the  number of changes can help us implement a few key ones with more quality.
Merck need to build stronger pipeline for future
Losing Ken Frazier, Roger Perlmutter, Guy Padbury plus multiple other leadership changes in recent months gives me pause. It is also slightly unsettling that we were unable to produce a competitive vaccine for COVID-19.  In these uncertain times, I am hopeful that Merck's future is still bright.
Not have enough new product busket
We have a great Leadership team and exciting ventures and products for the future.
Completely.
I feel the pipeline and co promotes give Merck a great opportunity to be successful.  Organon will help as well with the function of giving each company a defined goal
I'm concerned about our current compliance and focus trajectory.  We seemed to have taken our eyes off the patient and becoming the leading oncology company.  Without Keytruda, we would already be in bad shape.  One great product does not make us the leading oncology organization.
we have some key challenges that need to be addressed. If we can begin to make some transformative internal changes then more excited. EG be more risk-taking, more nimble etc
It depends on how the current office condition does or doesn't improve.
I am excited about Merck's future. I think we need to figure out how to efficiently and effectively get there. Changes to the operating model where FTEs are reduced but work is increased is not sustainable for employees.
Some remaining uncertainties on the portfolio management
Uncertainty with the new CEO. What will be unique to him and how will this shakeup the company.
Still a little unclear what the new mission/vision is based on change in CEO.
Our future is our new drugs to market. Currently our discovery program is a black hole sucking in money. What is the most recent small molecule discovered at Merck to make it to market. It seems most of our pipeline is currently filled with acquisitions from other companies.
We have a great pipeline, and I am sure  innovation will  also be important in our growrh
I do not feel confident enough about the future of my profession
I would like to see new products come to our facility
Our pipeline and commitment to creating an even more diverse workforce is very positive.
Helping to save and/or improve lives by combating cancer is exciting.  Unfortunately there are far to many of us how've already lost loved ones to this monster but knowing that we could make a difference so that others won't have to feel the pain is rewarding.
Regarding the science, yes. With regard to DE&I, I will always be looking for tangible, sustainable, long-term and structural manifestations that reflect what has been placed in writing.
Lots of great things happening, but the rapidly shifting priorities at our site have made me worry about the money being spent on things that aren't panning out.  While the company has remained positive and SLT states that it's good to prove we are flexible, it's still concerning.
Vaccine volumes are down.  3 of the 4 COVID acquisitions/developments (V590 and V591) and MK-7110 have been discontinued.  It seems that drugs are not developed by Merck, but they are acquired through acquisition and based on a few of those high visibility acquisitions, I have lost some confidence.
Looking forward to Merck breaking out in R&D in the areas of neuroscience and genetics.
There aren't many developments that seem to affect my job in a meaningful way. My position tends to feel a bit inconsequential to the final product or end result.
I hope to retire in 4 years
I think the company has a bright, promising future, and recent changes in LT leadership have provided insights. I think providing more a long range plan is helpful, especially in areas outside of human health.
I am concerned that Merck may become too distracted from its core mission of developing therapies that save and improve peoples lives [at a price that is affordable].  The most socially responsible thing Merck can do is meet this goal with the bracketed language I added.
No clear long-term strategy at a divisional level has been communicated so the future prospects are unclear.
Innovation seems to be lacking at Merck lately. I'm nervous for the future when Keytruda patent expires. I feel we need to 'up our game' in the world of Pharmaceuticals. I also think the amount of time, largely due to processes internally, preclude prompt submissions, which has potential to place us behind others with similar development programs.
I am ...... but i do feel that in Oncology they are UNDERPAYING WOMEN AND Tenure significant ly.
Merck seems increasingly reliant on Keytruda for success.
A bit nervous/on edge about all the leadership changes that have been occurring. Wondering how this will affect re-orgs and layoffs, especially with the recent Q1 financial readout where we learned that COVID-19 is still having such a profound impact on our business.
Merck’s continued research and development to maintain relevancy in the marketplace.
Eager to learn about the position of the company for diversity within the levels of MMD>
Seems some of our competitors conduct research and generate results faster than we do.
I’m excited about the coming oncology indications, but I worry about accessing the providers to share new data.
Merck is a great science based company that provides quality to patients and global community
Merck takes care of it employees and strives to equip them to succeed
I feel like there are lots of opportunities within Merck and MSD and anyone that wants to work hard and seek new opportunities will be successful.
Merck leadership is empowering at all levels, and we can only continue to grow for the good of mankind.
I’m excited for the pipeline of new offerings in Animal Health, but concerned about the pipeline for human health sales and ability to create another blockbuster MOA like Januvia or Singulair
Any recent plan available for Indian market as Januvia is going to lose its exclusivity.? We are really waiting for newer drugs to facilitate Indian market and patients.
while i am excited about the plans for Merck;s future, i am not sure I am fully convinced about the commitments to execute those plans by EVERYONE. it looks and feels like there are some orgs whose mandate is to bring about the change, while some parts of Merck who need to execute that change, dont have the same mandate or accountability. Tough to change if the vision and execution is not unified across all levels and orgs of Merck.
Unsure with the Organon split , dependence on Keytruda and the current economic issues.
We do not always take credit for our amazing products and we let others take the credit. The reason I feel this way is we let distributors take the lead on our products. The distributors are who the customers see as the ‘go to’ person when they need something. The customer will say I already have a vaccine rep, it is (insert distributors name) who helps me with all our needs. I think we could work on our relationship with distributors and make a more positive customer experience.
I am excited about the success of the company as a whole, however, I am nervous about employee wellness since the lack of Organon backfills has caused us to be under-resourced.
Concerned about the combined effects of the Organon split, change in senior leadership, and how several COVID development projects being discontinued
worried about impact of COVID and the spin off
Overall there's lots of new job and opportunities, however, we are growing much faster than we can keep up with. Adding/replacing people takes time and there are struggles. It's like trying to sail a ship while building it.
Future projects seem to be highly disorganized and success rate seems low at a local level. Directions change quickly and there is a lot of wasted time and re-invention.
Quality Labs need to invest in better technology and equipment and support for both.
Ken's leadership has been epic.  Looking forward to continuing the excellence with Rob.
There is so much uncertainy around the future due to  COVID and how Merck is going to handle things moving forward. I think it was a mistake for Merck Oncology to exapnd as much as they did prior to COVID, especialy since most of us in the field thought this was unecessary and its not what the customer wants. Leadership decided to expand any way and we are still quite oversized. It was a good idea to freeze  all openings during COVID, but the industry needs to move away from this broken model of hiring more people for share of voice. Eventually we wil have to lay people off and that is never a good day for anyone.
not excited to lose Ken and his strategic direction. it feels like the future will be be financially secure but not necessarily good for health equity, DE&I, or grander visions of being a greener more progressive company
I think the future is bright - we have a strong ambition to be the leading Oncology company.  The reason I didn't put strongly agree is there is a lot of ambition built into our financial assumptions which does create some risk.  I also think it will be critical for the new CEO to very clearly indicate his intentions regarding pipeline development and BD to increase confidence in long-term strength of Merck.
Many products are in the process of transferring to Organon from the Wilson facility.  As a result, current packaging forecast (3-5 year) outlook is declining.  This leads to small concerns in terms of replacement products in the pipeline to replace Organon products.
Merck is a great company, but I worry about it's future because of its growing bureaucracy and misguided approach to improving safety, which bogs its employees down.  The result may be to chase away all of its innovative talent.
Good pipeline of products and great innovative DNA.
As long as the focus is on  right R&D targets to met unmet needs and control costs and increase productivity and efficiency (do more with less and still be compliant with good quality product), I certianly am excited about Merck's future.
Merck is a company of integrity and quality. I am so excited to be a part of this company.
The company continues to evolve their pipeline and look for new ways to improve the lives of patients across the globe.
Merck's Pipeline has really stiirred up excitement and reputation continues to get better internally and externally.
Research & Development: Oncology & Vaccine Divisions
We are not consistently innovative in all areas of the business unit I am in. It’s like a time warp at times, with reps being applauded for creating “trackers” on excel spreadsheets on the one hand or excitement over sending a Veeva email and then talking to a customer about one of the most revolutionary and innovative molecules ever used in the history of medicine.
The company is too reliant on Keytruda. There is no other blockbuster product in the pipeline.
I no longer feel that I am working for a leading pharma company, when I only hear my company being praised on diversity. I understand this is a milestone, and we want to achieve it, but I believe the primary concern and direction of the company, and what the company should be known for is for Innovative drugs/vaccines to tackle today's challenges
Though global MSD has got a bright feature but i am not optimistic about MSD India future.  There is no plan to introduce new products in India due to clinical trial moratorium.  We cannot rely only on local clinical trial waivers to introduce new products into India.  Further there is no focus on the India neighboring markets.
Wonder about the future without the leadership of Ken and Roger. Also, the future of CORE with the departure of Susan and no successor in place weeks later.
I'm excited by the neuroscience portfolio and potential for growth in this as a whole and as individual programs.
I am excited to see the products in the MRL pipeline being available on the market and shaping the future of human health.
Excited to see how we develop into the best pharmaceutical company in the region
With many Sr. Leadership changes, sagging sales and a lingering pandemic, I am less certain about Merck's future.  Thus, it is difficult to agree that I am excited about Merck's future.
Yes Im so excited
There are too many uncertainty in terms of  products movement.
The research and development, and the strong legacy and foundation on the global arena.
I'm fairly new to Merck (less than 3 years) and since I've joined the company has change rapidly, for the better in my opinion.
Want to expand and experiment my new learned skills in the stream of OD and Change management
It is reassuring that Merck is reinvesting into research to expand the companies portfolio of products.
Nowadays I feel too much uncertainties, especially with the out of stock situation, and the stress being put on us.
Excited to see the new innovations in the pipeline
Because of the transformations and strategic business moves by the company like for example the spin-off of Organon allowing Merck to focus on high-value products and pipelines. The company also focuses on science and tech in discovering/developing novel treatments to patients around the world.
I'm transitioning to Organon but still wish the best for Merck.
To be candid I am worried about our pipeline in the 5-10 year phase.
I am concerned about myself that in CVM there is no product after aloe of sitagliptin but Company future will be always bright
With all the changes happening, I am uncertain. Will probably see clarity soon, but Ken leaving has a huge impact
I was excited about Merck and MSD when I joined the company. Now I am not so certain. I believe in Merck's values and strongly identify with them. I would love to spend a long time in MSD but I will have to see how things pan out in my department. That said, Merck's work on the new COVID-19 medicine and the long-acting antiretroviral make me very hopeful. Developments like these make me proud to work with Merck and MSD, and glad for all the people that need these medicines.
Our site never receives any new products or processes
I've been an employee since 1984 and hired on in 1985 as a full time. I completed my degree through the company Intervet and continue to work as a Merck Employee. The company has truly been good to me.
Coming out of the pandemic creates concern, including lagging sales, the removal of our Covid vaccines and the molnupiravir delay.
Loss of Ken and Roger, and other top leaders; does Organon spinoff leave us too dependent on vaccines and oncology?
My future in the company seems a bit cloudy, so excitement about the future Merck is difficult to grasp. There is certainly excitement about the innovation and lifesaving products in our portfolio.
I do not feel particularly confident in new leadership and the dwindling pipeline concerns me.
Great new products in the pipeline
Great innovation and leadership
I am not excited about the hybridization of our sales role and most of my customers aren’t either.
The rules now placed for OSR interactions with customers are making it difficult to reach customers
I waffle between very excited and totally afraid.  The amount of change to support the Merck interpretations of the HA regulations in the name of compliance that does not actually improve compliance or support the end user is destructive.  The future with Merck's portfolio of life saving products brings me hope and pride.  I worry that we are incapable of continuing to serve our mission by having so many systems that do not support our compliance or product quality but masquerade as if they do.
Although the integration from Allflex to Merck Animal Health has been a vigorous transition over the past year and a half, I do have a sense of pride working for such a prestigious company. The transition has not been easy, but I do look forward to the future with the opportunities and resources I will have as an employee at Merck Animal Health Intelligence.
Decision influenced by current stress levels
Concerned about product pipeline and partnerships
Merck has a wonderful reputation & the future including our pipeline are great. With the inspirational messages from our outgoing and incoming CEOs, I can't wait to contribute even more to our shared goals for the improvement of our patients' lives.
Reduced headcount restricts what can be reasonably achieved
As a team, we get overwhelming requests for us to work on other teams’ initiatives. While we are happy to collaborate and enable our colleagues to do better at what they do, it is extremely difficult to juggle work priorities as we have too many stakeholders seeking support from a very lean team.
everyone is supportive and embrace mistakes, gives great advice in helping me to problem solve.
Joined the company in April so not still figuring out how to do my job well
Except on occasions - IT stuff. The self-help or call center sometimes not as useful.
Information wise, it has been easy to access required information to do the job right. People wise, I get extensive guidance from my mentors and manager. However, it would be better if I was able to commute in between different sites using an Internal shuttle bus. Certain resources that I need (IT, stationery and security badge issues as well as canteens) are quite hard to access from my usual work site which is far off from the other sites which provide those resources.
Wifi/Internet allowance should be increased since  we are WFH most of the time.
All digital channels and platforms are indeed very helpful to my work and growth
IT (laptop, VPN, service, problem solving, headsets, etc.) in China is really bad...
I understand  what I  have to do every day at my work.
lack of IT support such as equipment
It is frustrating to be out maneuvered by our competition in the ways we engage with patients and policy makers
Because MSD provide very well to their employees.
Need more help from IT to have automations in repetitive process. Too much IT system / tools changing then many projects have to start-over. More friendly MSD App / system / tools.
Patients well being is MSD’s prime priority ,but some resources and activities are discontinued (EX:GET TO GOAL,INCRITINE WEEK,RAMADAN ACTIVITIES) this activities not only help HCP’s to serve patients but also help patients directly,I request to start these activities.
All required tool are provided by company to perform well
More inputs in the field required to promote our brands
Now COVID situations , Drs are requesting masks and sanitizers . But from top managements says simply not possible . In India , this is issue , Drs are so emotionals ,they say now , we didn’t ask anything before , now we request your help.  But responses we get , At current situation new can’t do so ,
Engagements through activities is the essence to keep business smooth and consistent. Unfortunately we have limited options in MSD and the one available have so many If’s and But’s.  Compliance is not supporting the field to help engagements with HCP’s.
More could be done to help the local market leverage IT technology and Robotics to achieve greater efficiency. This could be resource budget to help meet goals and targets
Considering current pandemic situation which is worsening day by day and HCPs are also getting extremely busy with COVID patients,VE call engagement is very tough now compared to last year. Kindly allow telephonic and WhatsApp call also.
The self-help way of handling everything (IT, Comet issues etc.) is burdening and takes focus and time of important external stakeholder issues. We also lack admin support to tackle our increasingly challenging compliance requirements.
I feel occasionally dissatisfied by external vendors' support (response time and provisioning process), also CTMS feels a bit outdated.
Now I have most of the resources. However, it took quiet some time to receive access to SAP even though the training was already closed out.
Too many exceptions to the procedures, too much work outside the system.
The way we handle information and resources needs to be improved vastly. A lot of time is spent searching for and compiling data that should be readily available; much more automation is needed in order to make certain workflows economical.
No. our resources always not here to share and have lots of rejection from marketing side. We requested to have materials support , we might only can get it one year later. Moreover, to engage with our customer, more than 2 HCPs, we need to apply for lunch and learn thru e-event platform and apply 3 days advanced with approved venue. This is something that is not feasible as there have lots of variable that out of our control. The SOP is too rigid and not flexible. This become a stressful way of working.
I am well supported by the Company to do my job well
needs are listened to and when applicable funding is given
I feel that everything is priority and that results in not have the resource of time to dedicate to complete tasks competently and satisfactorily.   The message from the top is to priorities our health and well being. This is not being passed on to the executive layers of management where there is constant pressure to deliver, to be agile taking on additional responsibility and tasks in an already packed schedule. I feel I have the support of my direct management but there is a disconnect the further up the layers of management. While cost savings and efficiencies are a great and challenge to aspire to the cost of personal wellbeing at present is taking a toil. All this leads to constant long hours where it is now the anomaly to finish work at the assigned hour and not log on until the following morning.
Technical resources such as IT, labtop, processes, could be drastically improved to avoid wasting time
1. Generally, resources (positions) are tight. 2. In Finance we have seen a significant shift of work to the BSCs in recent years. In some ways this has helped the local markets but on the other side, some processes have even gotten more complicated, more hand-offs and time-consuming.  3. The pace at which new projects are rolled out is not commensurate with the level of resources obtained to manage the work-load. 4. Resources in a broad sense, I'm happy to see the vast improvements made by IT to enable a sustainable when working from home.
Benefits should be updated keeping in mind the home office set-up most of us are forced to do. the Wellness benefits should include also home office and fitness equipment not just spas and massages.
I bought office supplies myself in order to have a good home office to work from, as such is not very well provided by MSD. The chair provided via MSD is really crap!
Relevant marketing materials are slow in the launch phase of new indications and in keeping with customer needs to drive the business
During this pandemic, I find it difficult to work efficiently without the material we have in the office. Working without 2nd screen, keyboard, mouse is challenging. To get them we need to loan them from the office. For some people, it s challenging/not reassuring to go to the office only for that reason. I would have expected MSD to equip their staff on demand with this type of material sending them home what's needed.
In order to do my job well I need admin support. Our department does not have free access to admin support and the company processes are not in place to support us. So we have to do a lot of the heavy admin lifting ourselves. For example, last year I processed over 50 ABC workflows directly, I processed 10-15 PPR payments. On average i probably spend 40-50% of my time doing pure admin - contracts, ABC workflows, PPR payments, and promomats. As a graduate of economics from a top 3 Univerity, someone with 15 years experience in pharmaceutical policy and communications having worked both UK and global levels, and with 10 years specialist knowledge in HIV (my therapy area) this is not the kind of work i thought i would be spending most of my time doing at this stage in my career. it is de-moralising and doesn't make sense.  If I leave MSD the admin and processes will be the only reason why.
SW on laptop is slowing down my work significantly. This is frustrating, demotivating and inefficient.
Working from home due to COVID has it's limitations in the IT space and personal connections area as well.
I feel IT related resources are very poor in this modern age. Helpdesk 'tickets' are set to low priority and handled by 'callcenters' that dont really feel too knowledgable and escalate a ticket 2 times before a simple question is answered, also had tickets that were completely ignored.
I find it difficult to find the time to do my job with all of the meetings we have
Most of the resources are available or will be available in the future
SAP specifically - here my access is very limited which hampers my ability to support the sales teams and get a clear picture of my stock holding. Daily or even weekly reports of monthly stock on hand according to forecast would really make a world of difference
I think we need slight improvements in the IT area, and simplification tool on digital signatures
Resources are not adequite on my site. There are not enough operators. Too many auxialliary support staff that do not contribute to the process. Not enough decisions being made resulting in long delays and frustration
understaffed for the work load we currently have
e.g. payment of services urgently needed for business is nobody able to solve on country level and business is delayed, person not responsible for that solution is spending so much time without proper support from procurement
We have can insufficiently influence the resources and budget. The resources are very centralized managed with limited influence at local level.
No guidance, No trainings, No mentorship, No support but too much expectations.
overhead resources are always at stake.
Remote working is not condusive to providing effective training so that element is difficult. Connections with people to promote ngagement and support for projects is also affected
Marketing good processes not always
We do not have a good range of materials to engage in the virtual world.
Better computers would make a lot of my work a lot more comfortable to complete. At times it's nearly impossible to complete certain tasks due to my computer's limitations.
As my products are not a priority for MSD , it is hard to have the resources and budget needed
My computer is to slow to do more advanced analysis
During the field work, Late night meetings and field working create issue with my family life. In the evening at least I should have 1 hour for my family. Abnormal Administrative work on laptop also cause problem for family life. There should be some restrictions or guidelines for admin work. Which may not be productive work for business growth. Or that should generate by system which will save time of field person.
time is a commodity so can do work but very busy
Human ressources are always a challenge, and having additionnal ones could be a great asset for the work life balance
At the moment, with working from home experience I don't have the resources I need since i have to use my personal internet and for example i have a big back pain since I don't have the appropriate office desk or chair at home.
I do feel I have the resources however over the past year it has been extremely busy and sometimes I have not had time to get to some activities that I would like to get to so that can feel that I am on top of my job and thus give me the sense that I am doing my job as well as I can be fully on top of all the activities and responsibilities of my role.
I feel I have all resources except for time, not just mine but for all the colleagues I interact with.  Time is the most valuable resource and it seems that the company perspective is that everyone should be occupied 101% of the time.  People should be spending their time wisely and productively rather than just working, and there are knock on consequences for people being too busy, including poor work-life balance and stress levels for the staff, and potentially poorer communication between colleagues which can lead to problems.
During this time where we are working from home for such a long period, i expect m organization to support me with basic working needs like extended screen, some ergonomic assistance. In my particular role i have to deal with multiple DMS tools every day  and it is very hard to it with only laptop. hence some support on extended screen keyboards will help me to improve my efficiency.
as the company and department are under resourced i am constantly spreading myself too thin and i worry that i will miss something or make a mistake that could lead to a serious compliance issue through no fault of my own
Resourceful and helpful
An advantage from COVID is the WFH: in my particular role where I perform a lot of reviews and paperwork, WFH is a boon as I can concentrate more than in open plan office, am not disturbed and can keep free of distractions. This has been soundly supported by my manger.
insufficient support of the office staff  - too little people hired on these positions
We need more resources  Copetitors have flexibility
I hope to return to the office in the future where I believe I would perform better, but I fully understand current pandemic restrictions
I considered agree and not strongly agree only because we still have got too many tools to consult and find out response/documents.
A year into the pandemic I am puzzled by the fact that we still did not manage to give employees a budget to ensure their working from home conditions are good. We really risk people developing serious back issues by working in sub-optimal set-up. And with the forecast of working from home at least a few days a week, honestly this needs to be addressed with high priority. We need to ensure employees get a budget to support working from home 5 days a week.
-Laptops are old and with all firewalls that MSD has, they are very slow; -Having in mind digital transformation, it makes no sense that at least at manager level, employees  do not have to a iPAD to support remote meetings with partners and we need to carry a laptop with us.
Customer engagement Is constrained by procedure e.g consent capture and proactive engagement.
IT systems/applications/hardware are usually to slow. Waiting = wasting
We are clearly lacking the resources within our team, especially internal ones which are being substituted with a lot of external contractors. Even though we are team of data scientist which are being priority for the company, asking and getting approval for internal resources feels like impossible task.
Working from home has never been easy, but connectivity was made possible by MSD by activating Fibre Connectivity.
Unfortunately I never got a company chair I requested 4 months ago working in homeoffice.
Training for the role isn't strong
For projects that span multiple teams the issue is typically resource allocation at a program level.  Many times there isnt an efficient way to bookmark FTE / resources required to deliver integrated solutions which are typically the ones needed to deliver real organizational transformation.
MDG is not very well supported.  All they do is tell you to watch the video which is not helpful in unusual circumstances.  I am a visual person and reading something really doesn't help me in trying to learn a new system.  The video is more geared to European Countries which isn't helpful.
The RAT tool has limited our ability to see our customers in person within accounts that are open and are requesting in person appointments (these customers are not interested or have limited time/capacity for virtual communications)
So far so good however I am new so could not fully comment
Could streamline processes, recording FFMS, virtual exhibit, vPDGs all very cumbersome admin processes in place.
Merck’s compliance heavy emphasis, often hinders and exasperates operational efforts.  We routinely don’t even understand and are not told the rationale for the hinderance.
There are still unclear internal regulations (SOPs), processes and timeline that made us (me), as program owner, need to allocate extra time and efforts to get the more clarity.
teamwork/coordination is missing.
Too much work in system from LT related to capacity available and change in system. When present back what is needed to achieve the work - limited support.
I have never wanted anything personally (supplies, equipment, etc.) that I haven't been able to obtain through Merck.
Resources aren't just tangible. With "work from home" I have the time/flexibility to take care of myself both physically and mentally which directly improves my ability to do my job.
The volume of work often exceeds the capacity of myself and my team
There are always new processes that need to be learned and one is not aware of it until there is a problem. That is very frustrating.
Product resources are getting better but definately take forever to get in hand.  Example: Q6W dosing cards
I understand we all are facing pandemic challenges but some IT systems are frequently facing issues:  MIDAS, GCM (limited licenses), Microsoft apps....new updates sometimes impact the performance of other applications and the time the user needs to 'invest' into understanding the issue affects deliverables unless the user makes up for the lost time.
We have made great progress in providing digital and remote resources to the field teams for engaging customers.  We should continue to seek out, develop and implement remote engagement resources as well as continue to focus on a customized individual surround sound approach to customers both digitally and with live interactions.
With all the cuts, there is the same amount of work is placed on remaining staff. It is impossible to feel like you are doing a good job when your scope of responsibility is so large. Upper management does not recognize or appreciate how hard people are working just to survive.
There always seems to be support for my role but i worry it as the expense of someone else's resource
I feel i do but at times b/c I came from the field to HQ it wasn't an easy transition
not always but yes
COVID has presented additional challenges in doing my job and some resources are limited (unrelated to COVID) but these limits restrict some abilities to do my job
I would have to invest money and time in my house to have a proper work set-up.
As a sales person  I need to be out in territory to do my job and earn $$ and not be stuck at home weeks on end! Too much bureaucracy at times to solve issues. Need to streamline resources for sales reps, so not bogged down with so many administrative items
assayment in the access and tender in order to improve my skills and better understand the purchase process at the level of key accounts
There is often talk about what needs to get done, but little in the way of resources outside of the major product projects.
Our resources have improved but there remains a lag especially at the time of launch.
If feel that the ability for remote employees to have 1:1 training opportunities where they have questions is important. Share and Learns are good but some people learn better 1:1 seeing and doing.    My manager is very supportive but I feel HQ does not embrace change or innovation.
My customers are open for business and their preference is to have me visit them in person. They do not do remote activity and the company is inhibiting my ability to do my job well with the RAT tool. It’s not about Merck, it should be about what our customers want.
Would like to be in the field seeing customers
In the virtual environment, it has never been more evident that customer facing roles needs laptops. iPads are not sufficient to conduct a positive virtual experience.
I think we have work to do in aligning all departments on our new ways of working and speed to market initiatives. While some groups are adopting these approaches, others like Legal and Regulatory still operate in old ways.
working remotely, I am not being provided with the equipment I would have available to me in the office here in my home. I was being challenged by my manager when requesting being provided with certain more expensive supplies.  the message from my manager differed from the message concerning office supplies on Sync.
As a new hire during the pandemic, it has been difficult to get the resources I need to start. However, my entire team and my mentor and my manager have been incredibly helpful however they can be and have been very friendly and willing to help me. It has been more of a case where I didn't know what I didn't know, and starting a new job working from home and trying to figure out where and what those resources were was difficult.
Resources are scarce this year, but we're all doing our best to adapt.
I came to this job well prepared and thus don’t ask much from the company. More generally speaking though Merck could do a better job with career progression and exposure outside of our predefined roles.
Budget and resulting resource cuts have required people to wear more hats. This is shifting focus to getting work done quickly and efficiently versus completely and thoroughly. No time for training, certifications. external networking or mentoring.
Organization resource constraints are not fully enabled with technology, streamlined policies and processes to reduce the volume of work
The Rat tool has been a tremendous handicap for our company. Our customer get very frustrated by the changes/cancellations every week and. our competition does not have this restrictions. If we are vaccinated, we should be able to travel to see customers freely.
Many of the tasks are more time intensive than necessary due to iPads instead of laptop connectivity. Also, not having the same access to laptops limits opportunities, especially leadership opportunities, and does not allow inclusion of all employees.
Additional resources to support our D&I initiatives would be beneficial for the enterprise.
Very well supported by marketing, medical & legal.
Resources are there, but I often have to do a lot of digging or networking to find them.  It doesn't always come easy.
IT infrastructure and tools at Merck remains a problem.
Limitations on lunches, No laptops. Limitations on medical forums.
Additional marketing items would be extremely helpful to have in the field and digitally. Since working from home, it would be helpful to have a laptop to multitask rather than working off of the iPad full time since it is smaller.
Short on equipment as well as labor in almost every area.
This applies to access.  I love working here and I’m so proud to be a part of Merck.  Please help the field with access.  We are measured on our productivity, however, a majority of offices have not opened back up to pharma and I’m concerned they have been without us for so long, they will not open in the future.
Sales pieces are pulled and not replaced for 2-3 months.  We need more resources for patients.  When new data like 775 comes out there is no urgency to get this to our doctors and can not talk about it.  Merck is getting a beat down by BMS in support for for meetings, patient events and our reps are not allowed to attend even educational outreach.  These are missed opportunities to build relationships.
I am able to do my job.  However, there are resources out there that could make my job more efficient, but some people who are change-averse or are comfortable with the current way we do things say that "we're fine doing it the way we do it".  So we don't plan or push for the improvements, or we simply maintain the status quo because it's good enough--or because people don't want to learn a new way.  It takes a great deal of effort to bring new ideas around sometimes.
better internet options and larger per diem would be a huge asset for employees working from home in rural areas
Biggest resource we need is "time", and it seems like a lot of time gets taken away by meetings and by too many initiatives (unable to prioritize at the senior leader level)
There is always too much work, and we always seem to take on more, but never take anything off this list.
Nonsensical barriers to business interactions with customers
Customers like me to hand them coupons. Fingertip formulary is not good - I’ve spoken up several times about needed changes to no avail. NEED voucher and leave behind pieces for Verquvo. (Other than PI) . HQ driven eMF canceled with customers on the line due to ‘technical difficulties’, then LATE condescending notice to sales rep, unacceptable. Business cards on back order for a month! All just makes my job more difficult.
Some resources do not come in a timely manner.  I still need HPV resources geared to OBGYN clinics now that I am supporting those accounts.
This may be due to the size of the company, but processes are not very cut and dry. And finding processes can be daunting. Knowing which process is also difficult. Streamlining the CRA processes would be helpful. Like the CRA checklist, but having hundreds of rows in 1 excel document for the position is again, also somewhat daunting.
Knowing Merck is listening to our concerns, making our safety a constant priority, and supporting us with tools and ways of learning, I would definitely agree with feeling that I have the resources to do my job well.
But I would rather be able to get back to the office a few days a week to take advantage of double screen set up, a little more space to spread out, copy machine once in a while.
The current company culture feels like it has alienated more than half the company. We were more positively united before politics were allowed to creep into corporate. I have always respected Merck for its diversity and ethics without the initiatives in place today. We are a great company by being committed to developing medicines for the people.
Not always
My job is "software or systems based" but not everybody is familiar with new technology tools and that slows down and complicates results
We are running out of space in my particular building. Several groups only have 2 techs to perform assays which can make scheduling and meeting the demands of planning very difficult.
For the most part, yes.  However, marketing is very slow to respond to the rapidly changing needs of the sales force
Too much administrative work with no administrative support
With processes continuously changing, it is very hard to keep track of all necessary tasks and it is almost impossible to find all pertaining documents aligned when needed
As an individual contributor AD, I really need a direct report to help me complete the full scope of my responsibilities and bring true value to the organization.
Due to internal compliance regulations that are not in line with industry standards, I am limited in my ability to do my job successfully and compete with other large pharma competitors.
Currently promoting Hematology indication and the training was sub-par.
As I am asked to do different things and tasks are changed, some times I do not have what is needed at the moment to make the change.  I usually comes later/ a month into it.
Would like more promotional / educational materials to send
Many people working from home do not have enough hardware (second monitor, headset, working chair) to properly fulfill the daily work activities.
There are many barriers in place which have really made it difficult. I try to find other compliant ways to do things. Many times, they work out. In many ways, it has made me look for other ways to differentiate.
I feel extremely fortunate to work for a company that values it's employees. Glad that the company still supports remote working environment.
The timeliness of available clinical trials and approved emails could be improved.
I would prefer having access to hard copies of efficacy & dosing information for Zerbaxa and Recarbrio. Having the ability to email information is nice but it is not always the most efficient way to give the information to physicians.
I agree only because I have performed my job for years and have done the hard work to figure things out.  It's not because Merck as a corporation has provided good resources.
Resources are really stretched. I feel that I'm doing 3 FTE jobs and reached my limits.
Attrition has contributed negatively to resources available to do work.  Backfills of headcount take months to approve and then hire resulting in delays and constraints just to keep neutral headcount.  The additional resources required to satisfactorily execute upon business deals with collaboration partners or acquisitions is never taken into headcount expansion and further adds to the constraint in resources.
Our move to new technologies (RLIMS2, REDS, Edge, Teams) is the issue here. I can see that we need these new changes and that eventually I will have resources again. In the transition I'm constantly feeling the stress of not knowing how our systems work and am frustrated by not being able to get the details of how to do the things I need to do. I'm sure in the next 6M I will go back to agreeing but until then we need to make some progress.
Would be nice to have a small proxima during sales discussions over lunch so everyone can see the presentation.
In my work area we need a constant influx  of educational resources to serve better our customers.
Lack program knowledge, it's often difficult to get to the "big picture" information, especially when coming from academia where you are given the grant proposal from the start!
A laptop in addition to iPad seems necessary for several tasks.
I think the M1 community lacks resources for Ops managers to do their jobs well.  There is a lot of work and a lack of training and the expectation to be up to speed as a frontline manager.  I think some areas have a lot of support for their M1s in the scope of Clerks, Ops specialists to assist with a lot of random tasks they are assigned to, however, not all areas have this and its very frustrating that the work load is exactly the same for those that do not have those resources.  Give M1s the tools and the training to be successful
Although we have some of the needed resources, so many appropriate and compliant resources could benefit our customers tremendously, and raise our value in their eyes.
Workload exceeds team capacity.  Need more help.
One area that needs DRASTIC improvement is doing vPDG’s. This process is out of date and very complicated.  My new CTL, Milan Demonja is doing an EXCELLENT job.
The adaptation regarding customer access during COVID-19 has been impressive. The various ways in which we can connect with our customers in a compliant way has been very supportive. While there still are access challenges, I feel that I have the tools I need to address those challenges.
always have to llok for tools and things needed to do job.
There are a great amount of departments and it might be hard to seek for some specific help. Is it possible to have a directory-like tool to learn the general responsibility of each department?
recruitment process is poor and takes too long
Many marketing pieces requested to be needed in the field need to be routed or not pursued due to that reason.  Field personnel know what is needed due to being on the frontline but don’t come to fruition often,
There is incredibly high workload and endless amount of projects.  So many days I feel like I don't have the "time resources" I need to feel like I am doing my job as well as I could.
Understand the need to self govern as a company so the federal government does not fine us.  However it feels as if we are being suffocated by the amount of restrictions that keep getting placed in regards to customer interactions.
NO!  I am face to face with customers.  We are not getting resources for offices that allow us to gain access to promote our products.  We DESPERATELY need literature and resources in Spanish and English (other languages would be helpful as a template to send via email as well!).   Also need Tech to be more user friendly for us in the field with iPads only.   Apps do not work on our iPads and takes so much longer to complete the simplest of tasks... expense reports, updating customer account information, finding a site within Merck....  Crazy!!
Given the situation, we are doing the best we can, however, i think Merck has lost perspective on what our providers are going through by constantly reminding us of our reach and frequency when we are in the middle of a pandemic.  We are doing the best we can.  I do not choose to stay home, Merck is telling us we have to.  It’s very difficult to get providers remotely.
I'm not lacking specific resources, but get the feeling there are tools out there that would help me to my job even better.  I'd love more sharing on project management tools that are available as well as cross-functional sharing on resources that different areas use to help their groups do the work better.
I wish IREP data bases had the ability to be locked so disruptions in the ability to sample and make calls were minimized
My manager is great about providing me training and resources, very empowering, which is appreciated and most effective in my opinion.
Many limitations of communication email etc impede ability to get appointments and access customers especially during virtual work situation.
Our data capturing systems are inaccurate and incomplete.  Veeva is filled with address errors and changes we make at the field level never stick.  To become number one in oncology, we also need to be number one in systems utilized by the field
reprioritization is ongoing and balance sometimes leaves support distribution challenges
We continue to have issues with staffing and procuring the material, mainly antigen with adequate potency.  These are major distractions and interruptions.
Yes, I have great resources when it comes to sales aids, but they are the same resources that any health care provider can look up on line, so that doesn’t give me much job security.  We don’t have any resources, people or materials, that can address any real world questions or problems, only what is in the PI.  That’s not real life.  There is a reason that programs are not attended and clinics are closed, it’s because legally we can offer no value over the information they can find on their own by reading the PI.
Very insufficient training in System Development Life Cycle practices
I have all the tools I need and sometimes more than I can assimilate in a normal workweek
I need a computer or laptop! I am tired of working solely on an iPad. If we get a laptop we need an external keyboard and mouse. Also, I need a headset that I can wear for Online Customer Meetings and for internal WebEx meetings that is compatible with an iPad. I need a “ring lighting” unit that makes me show up better on the screen during OCMs.  It isn’t fair to expect us to work off of a 9.5 inch iPad, especially when having to do so many more remote engagements. I love our digital tools (I.e. OCMs ) but we need better tools. (Headset, ring lighting, perhaps a bigger screen like a computer or laptop).
Changes to my product portfolio with shortage of product and or product pulled short term from the market...internal emails that we could send to our customers would be helpful during these times
Compared to what competition is able to provide ...we are behind
Barriers to customer contacts need to continue to enhance the virtual enviironment
I would argue that this department, while needing analytical support does little to maintain the analytical support that it has, let alone grow it.  sorry, but other functional groups seem to get all their itches scratched in terms of head count, but we have to scrounge for a lot of ours.
We need freedom to go out on territory, especially if we’ve been vaccinated!  We are adults who can decide for ourselves if we are comfortable calling on our customers.
Covid has represent an obstacle to get all the resources and training I should have on a normal scenario.
we need to have improved global processes/tools otherwise have additional resources to address and deliver the stakeholder "quality deliverables" within strict timelines.
Time is a resource that is not accounted for well.  Planning based on aggressive schedules and 100% right-first-time across multiple projects is not realistic.  If supporting multiple programs with this planning, workload is not manageable.
I need to get in my car and go places to do my job to the best of my ability.  We need support to cover high internet speed costs and other tools to do a better job virtually.
Sometimes Merck is so big, that's it's hard find the correct point person to solve an (administrative) problem: expenses, PO's, computer/technology issues etc. The help desk is rarely helpful and certain departments are unreachable.
Lack of people resources - medical.  As I am from Balkan there is new medical organisation in poace so we have no kocal medical support dor H&S portfolio only cluster support (one TA lead will cover about 13 countries, means no real suoport) Have tecbical resources
I believe we have all the resources necessary to do my job well.
We were short-staffed in our area and now have positions filled but personnel is still new and in training, so the workload is impacted.  Our counterparts (other departments) are short-staffed as well and continue to need positions filled, which impacts our group since they support our activities.  Because of these issues, we are constantly pushing to meet deadlines established based on market shortages and patient needs.  My team does an incredible job under these challenging times.
Yes but I feel the focus is leaning too heavily to vaccine and biologics and as such less resources are being attributed/deployed to small molecules
I feel we have resources but I feel the organization is uncomfortable making decisions and anything we do that's new has to go to the highest levels of the organization
I generally have the tools to do my job, but sometimes because of Merck's regulations and tacit preferences from of leaders, my toolset is limited. Also all the processes in place slow down both my work and my team's work significantly.
As a field sales employee 2020 - 2021 has seen consistent removal of capabilities and increased restrictions due to compliance decisions. Often MRK is taking the most conservative stance putting us at a disadvantage vs. the competition. This is fine, however leadership needs to understand compliance choices will have a negative impact on our business performance because of this self-imposed disadvantage.
If we want to promote scientific excellence, we need more FTE beyond the minimum to drive the pipeline.
As someone who deals with file storage and management, I see the need to accelerate the step into digital records. The storage are we have for files is getting smaller by the year with the increases to production.
to do my job well, yes, the support functions here are often times not up to par for what I need to be successful
We have plenty of resources, often they are focused on being vague and therefore not valuable to physicians and patients with the exception of non-branded resources which continue to get better and are very valuable to patients
I think MSD can do a better job limiting the number of meetings. >50% of the meeting is for information why we should come together to work together
From a sales perspective, there always seems to be a gap between sales and marketing.  What the customer needs versus what we have in Rome and invest our resources in.  We have a vast amount of resources, but I question where they are the most relevant and needed resources for our customers/selling interactions.
There are key resources and data needed from marketing that we don’t have access to as representatives. After inquiring numerous times for the resources or, at least, an explanation as to why we don’t have them, I have received no response.
Sometimes I feel like there are too many goals and objectives. Rather than focusing on a few very important things. Seems like there are some organizational redundancies as well as some gaps. I very much like the Hoshin approach but leaders need to focus on a few important things and not everything all at once.
Significant growth at our site requires increased workload but incremental headcount denied due to headcount neutral mandate related to Organon spinoff.  COVID-19 development program requirements are difficult to absorb without neglecting existing operations.
The resource we need are being slowed down by the COVID measures currently in place
Merck does a great job holding us back everyday.
Today’s marketing needs to be agile, aggressive and constantly thinking outside-the-box to bring new content to the field.  We lack the content and number of resources to keep our customers engaged.  Same stale message over and over.
Because work from home has always been a part of my job and will likely increase; access to proper office equipment such as a monitor and keyboard would be nice as ergonomically the laptop doesn't work well.
Budgets being cut do make things harder, but it does force us to prioritize. We should disconnect the thought process 'size of budget = importance of job'
Not enough support locally from functions such as legal, compliance, finances ... because their lack of resources. The procedures/process are heavy, unclear, always changing, people are lost.
Chronically short staffed. Requests for additional help challenged but upper management. This is not only in my group but seems typical across all areas I interact with.
Still too many barriers and levels of approvals needed to use those resources more efficiently.  Lots of time and wasted on activities that do not drive business.  I have access to resources I need but engaging in those resources are difficult
Because of time constraints and limited people resources (dept has open positions that have not been filled), projects may get short-changed on resources -- not enough time, so "quick turnaround" may limit thorough-ness.  "Fit-for-purpose" is the general rule when resources are scarce.
I do not always feel supported to do my best, whether it's in the form of getting equipment to help me be more productive/support my well-being, or feeling empowered to have meaningful conversations about how to better maintain an appropriate work-life balance to feel more mentally recharged and ready to do my best work.
Policy restrictions that prohibit either mention of product or disease category make sales appointment requests a hurdle. Slow approval time frame for new data and resources to the field.
I realize the department has constraints both budget-wise as well as time allotted in front of MedLegal to get resources approved.   However, the resources we end up receiving after the process is complete, is less than desirable for us to be most effective in the field with our customers. While I have seen an improvement in marketing responding to our needs in the field over the last couple of years, quite frequently we end up getting resources based on market research (by third parties) that do not align with the actual perspectives of our customers and the rapidly changing marketplace.
We have minimal if any appropriate leave behinds for HCPs.  Our hands are tied when it comes to conducting educational programs for HCPs and we are now limited on the number of times we can actually interact over a meal in office with HCPs.  How do we drive the business with our hands cuffed behind our back?
We work to support sales at a field based level.  One of the job responsibilities is conducting post approval research studies to identify how to best use our products.  That budget has declined steadily in real dollars over the past 10 years.  Approval of new products and technologies has not resulted in an increased budget for new products.
The training for new employees doesn’t cultivate teamwork. I felt “dropped” into my territory and had to figure most things out on my own. My more tenured colleagues told me about their month long intense training in Arizona and I envy their experience. Sitting at home doing online training and only having 2 weeks of intensive, low requirement training did not prepare me for talking to customers. Training new employees should be more centered around shadowing team members for longer periods, going on calls in my own territory with supervision, and intense, in person training.
Not a nimble or thinking outside the box type of company.  It feels like when you get a no its because that’s how its always been done vs changing with the landscape,
I still feel that compliance and legal at Merck prevents us from being competitive
Merck is always conservative and often to a fault. There are many unique restrictions esp legal ones that keep us from being competitive and seem to be overkill.
The ability to have new field assets is severely hampered by the extensive and exhaustive regulatory/legal review processes in place. The ability to provide increased support to the communities we serve is severely hampered/squelched due to extreme regulatory restrictions.
The department is feeling overwhelmed and short-staffed, and it seems there are never enough hours in the day.  I feel that I need either additional resources or help in identifying other avenues to address the workload effectively.  Otherwise I do not feel that I can continue to keep up with the workload.
Compared to my competitors, I am at a big disadvantage.   Our protocols are too cumbersome (i.e. eMF programs and remote lunches).  We need to match our competitors (especially samples) so that we can meet our customers’ needs better.
There are many resources used by other companies that Merck does not use claiming legal issue.  We have been stripped of many ways of reaching customers the latest limiting changes include the number of meetings over meals to 12 per Merck employee per year.
Constant system issues really slow us down
Equipment is available at this point. I am using what I got in my previous role. Information on Sync, etc. is available.
We have a serious problem meeting patient needs with our specialty pharmacies and MAP programs.
Need for flexible IVAs and customize to specific populations and demographics
For the most part Merck has been good at getting the field the resources to accomplish their goals.  Sometimes it a little slow, but I’m assuming that is because of regulations
The launch of Verquvo could have gone more smoothly. There was a communication break down with the implementation of eMF programs. Also, why did the marketing team wait until a month after FDA approval to submit marketing materials for review and approval?
I have the Resources because marketing gives a really good support but my direct line of supervision deos not, so I feel supported but no by my local leadership
Our lab is low on resources, and Merck seems to be unaware of these shortages.  Preventing Lab work
It seems like a lot of the patient education and support materials are what we want but not necessarily what our customers need. I know there’s compliance issues on what we can provide but we have to look to our customers to see what they really want and need.
in terms of tools yes, in terms of more headcounts no
Digital has improved resources, but many reprints remain old and field sales needs current articles to support current literature to be viewed as a valuable resource to our customers. Giving MSL’s resources and limiting field sales, it hurts the business because we see customers more often and they are usually a one and done relationship.
As a sales  person I have the tools to do my job - only exception is that Marketing thinks an iPad can replace physical detail pieces including leave pieces. We cannot save our way to profit
I can’t do virtual lunches with more than 25 people and my 6 partners and I have had to cancel 46 lunches due to the new 12 per year/doctor limit.  No other company is doing that, not even Novartis.  The # 12 is self imposed—not from the OIG.  It’s killing us
We in HR are seriously understaffed. Although this has been raised multiple times, nothing changes.
Poor training
Clear prioritization decisions are needed earlier. I wish remote working was a permanent option for me.
Not having a laptop makes working with spreadsheets and other Microsoft documents very difficult -
Having a Laptop would help. I know that is coming in the future.
No amount of training or identification of tools/resources will make me feel that I am well suited to perform most of the varied type of work my department is responsible for.  I recognize that I have somewhat of a unique skillset among my department colleagues and that collectively it may be a great team that can deliver; however, I always feel that I am not able to do my part to contribute equally.
having a laptop would certainly make my job easier, the iPad and all the layers that you need to go through have created so much stress and make my job more difficult. I can’t believe a team of seven people can only do 12 lunches with an office you could not make this stuff up. I also, i’m so disappointed that you took away the most powerful tool we had in lunchtime PDG‘s.  it went from being  a tool that we all  used, the doctors appreciated and the speakers did an amazing job, to a program that no one wants to do or probably will be able to do.   I swear the doctors offices make access so difficult and doing this job so difficult and then Merck comes along and says watch we can make it even harder
It was very difficult to get a second monitor
Sometimes hiring is frozen at the last minute with no warning. Our structure for work is consistently at the mercy of a contractor program that lets valuable people walk out the door. This requires constant stop/start activities to backfill and slows everything down.
Right now, the absence of a clear  prioritized strategy for DnA from leadership is a barrier.   Also, the current focus on cost cutting (without care for context) without reduction in scope continues to be a challenge in doing the job.   Sometimes leadership treats people as "widgets" and pushes, for example to remove a skilled contractor who is experienced with the team and who has deep relationships and replace them with a Prague contractor.     While this is cheaper on paper, it makes it more difficult for us to achieve our commitments as we have to take time away from doing productive work to retrain someone.   Typically it takes 6 months for someone to become fully productive in this area, so this is us creating our own productivity loss.
Not enough financial resources to conduct business FFM Meetings
I have worked from home since 2016 and pay for everything I use.. Post It Notes, Ink and paper for my printer..  I print out certain documents for ease of following instructions for new processes or lists of countries to be entered into RDA/Orion etc,
At this time we dont have any resources for Endo, MSI resources do not include our new 1L, etc. To properly do our jobs successfully, we need the right tools. We are working on the bare minimum.
additional staff is needed to keep up with our workload.  Lab supplies are in short supply.
I'm fortunate to have the resources and support I need. However, I realize that some of my peers do not and it would be helpful to focus on infrastructure support to realize our growth opportunities- focusing too much on headcount numbers will be detrimental to growing the company and will lead to losing good people due to workload demands. We are asking individuals to deliver the work  of 2-3 people at a time and the chatter is that it's not sustainable. We also need to bring in new talent with different skills to meet our future goals. Let's not be "penny wise and pound foolish"- our people, our customers and our business will suffer in the end.
Limitations with diabetes coupons. Limitations with not being able to see customers
The ability to get critical data is not where it should be. Additionally, the HR and IT support is nowhere near the level it should be to be a high-performing organization.
The marketing materials need to be run by the field before they get to far in the development process.  By the time we see things, the changes that would make it far more impactful is to late.  PLEASE lean on us for tools that are effective.
I could use resources since my area has to perform QA and business functions
I appreciate the fact that within the last year we have been able to adapt some things more quickly than usual
we do not have IT resources to support our critical systems.
Improve MAP- ensure representatives are well trained to ensure Best customer service. I have received feedback from customers that depending on the representative on the other end, the level of service and resources offered/provided are very different. Ie when the patient’s co-pay /out of pocket is too expensive some representatives will not offer and discuss other financial assistance resources
I could always use more people on my team, but that opportunity has not yet presented itself.
Things keep piling up and I haven't received additional resources until recently.
Covid-19 has certainly put a strain on my ability to work as I normally do, but Merck has made available several valuable tools and resources to enable me to easily adapt to the new working environment and access my customers in more unconventional ways as well as having  invested in assets geared at honing my digital dexterity and improving my virtual communication skills.
For the last ~6 months, the workload has exceeded group capacity.  Rather than prioritize work (outside of our group to do this), instead we are doing all of it.  Very frustrating.
Love all the resources available to work remotely given the current environment
I used to think so, but all the additional barriers extend project timelines and demand for more people...so now I need more time and money for resource extensions...if we don't get it, at least we'll have really good documentation of a failed project.
If resources are ever needed my manager says he will look into it but never follows through. I find myself always having to figure things out on my own. For ex. my phone hasn't worked in over 3 years. I have different departments that ask me if we could discuss work situations over the phone and I have to inform them that my phone doesn't work but it's been in the works of getting fixed. It is quite embarrassing to have to continue to say the same thing to people for over 3 years!
When we freeze jobs or slow hiring, that does not allow us to do our jobs well and then I or my team have to pick up work that others should be doing.  Yes we can say, well stop doing work, but if the business suffers because we stop doing work, no one gives us relief, so usually the work gets absorbed and we all work longer days.
We need to improve our Global Address and Call Deck Addresses, they are a mess!   I can spend days cleaning up my addresses only to have then “bounce back” to a mess within a month to 6 months.  It’s a waste of time; the change needs to come from Merck investing in a better system for addresses/call decks.   My call deck is littered with old addresses that impact productivity.  Also, we need to change the way we go about speaker programs.  They are so restrictive.
No coupons to distribute? Really?
The site has historically not been well funded for headcount. Direct labor loading in production is insufficient to do work well and creates a perpetual environment of chaos. There is an ongoing effort to increase production support staff to manage MPS as well as Quality and Safety events. This is encouraging and well overdue. Even with proper labor loading, it will take quite a while to dig out of the hole that the site is in.
Aside from headcount.  Resources exist, but are not always simple to find; sometimes it's a short chain of people away or several websites.  Organizing and promoting fast (direct) access to the vast amount of information is a big challenge and there likely isn't a one size fits all type solution.  This can be in the form of technical knowledge, training, human resources, etc.
The IT budget process definitely impedes the ability of the IT staff to do their job well - the business is moving at at different pace (FAST) than IT
Staffing and more importantly trained staff is in shortage.  Only able to focus on immediate issues and not build or develop for the future.
I believe I could do more if there were sufficient funds available to secure the additional talent needed.
We have many new resources, digital and hard copy that help to educate and assist customers in making appropriate changes.
We have great resources overall.  However, it’s difficult in situations where we can’t have more than 25 at a virtual RFM, especially during a launch when that may be the only way to access the office.  Cardiology offices often have many providers and staff.
Need more drop resources that pertain to pandemic impacts on our business.
Our marketing tools seem to be behind those of our competitors.
Moving towards digital record keeping and process controls would allow the job to be done with far less errors than currently experienced.
This is true for my current role but has not always been the case
Headcount has become an issue in Medical Affairs, but in generals I feel well resourced
At times, I feel I have what is needed to perform the responsibilities for my area.  Other times, I am asked to do more than my resources and staffing will allow for.
I have changed Managers from a manger that I had that I did not feel supported or appreciated. Covid was awful and I feel some of the mangers and CRM made 2020 a living hell for some employees. I am back in therapy so work life and social issues was not thought about. Upper manager said one thing but actions were different
The educational materials we have provided are mediocre. The outside groups Merck uses to develop the materials don’t do a very good job and the internal PRT approval process results in a lot of resources that are substandard in my opinion.
Need additional resources to conduct business and move products, like additional funds for FFM and more studies for filed emails to meet the needs of customers. Better vPDG topics and more non branded vPDG topics.
Need to be able to increase my physical face to face interactions
This is hit and miss.  It depends on what I am trying to do and who I am working with.
While the company has made improvements, we are still behind in new ways of working. Field emails are a pain to send. I am required to erase the pre-populated information in each box and then add my own for each and every customer. There are multiple boxes in each email. We have very limited resources for some our promoted products to provide to customers.
We need more employees, I routinely do the work of two FTE.   From my 30+ years of experience the further away an employees job description is from selling product the less resource support there is.
Please consider increasing the cell phone amount for employees.
Merck has done a great job with virtual engagement and different ways to engage with our customers . I do feel like they are slow to adopt with certain platforms,  MMF’s etc vs other organizations. Very conservative and legal driven
Improved tools, processes, systems would make it easier to do my job well.  I can do it well now by expending a lot of effort.
I do have what I need, sometimes is the people that get in our way of doing things.
Though I understand the need for continued technical resources sometimes paper promotional resources would be VERY helpful.
Less restrictions for ffms, mmfs, etc. would be super helpful
Generally I have what I need and can escalate when we need something we don't have. I didn't say strongly agree because anything new requires a pilot and months to come into use.
Consistent outsourcing rather than having experts within Merck has caused a great amount of strain on job resources. Many times the outsourcing companies are not aware of Merck policies and will result in incorrect help and inability to do my job well.
would be great if we can get the internet service, ergonomic chair and desk
Some of the IT tools are a pain.
There are a lack of experienced resources that can quickly aid when they are needed. Commitment from our partners to commit to placing new resources with experienced ones is required.
Again, a lot of my answer revolves around the ease of doing our jobs in some aspects.  I know being a large company, compliance is top of the list, but in some cases Merck goes a little too far with compliance processes and impedes our interactions with customers.  When we can’t do something,  another company can, so therefore we are at a disadvantage.
We need access to large practices (over 25) virtually and access to food trucks to deliver lunch to our customers who request them.  According to my number 3 volume account, Merck is the only oncology company not offering these options to the practice.  I haven’t been in this customer cancer center since early 2020, and I don’t see how I can see them while they are trying to protect patient lives by inhibiting access inside the center.
true in general, though challenges exist when well-precedented paths do not exist for novel biology
A major challenge during this pandemic is creating virtual touchpoint with our customers and our Veeva emails need to be revamped to do this. They are very commercial looking and not engaging, not helping to secure touchpoints.
I personally have the resources within my own function, but we are becoming resource-constrained in some other functions which increases the work-load for me and my team
With occasional gaps due to being a remote worker (due to pandemic) and some key resources being on site (that's not Merck's fault per se)
Ergonomically speaking, it is more difficult to comfortably WFH during COVID without the right office furniture.
Again, I feel that it can be better but on our journey
Would love to be able to email our customers using our CRM Software, Salesforce. Right now, we have to email separately in Outlook and create individual call notes -- very time consuming/labor intensive.
We are severely under-resourced for the tasks & strategy that we are expected to execute. I have raised the flag that we will soon face people on "burnout" if we do not immediately take action to reduce projects, lower expectations, or increase resources. Our capacity is our greatest issue.
New tools are welcomed for processes too easily.  Often times they overlap with existing resources.  We should really leverage our current tools instead of reinventing the wheel.  Colleagues are overwhelmed. When every resource is important, nothing is important.  We really need to streamline the way we do business - leverage tools in CRA central, LM central, CRM central.
Sometimes out of my control so I have learned to cope, make it work
Not consistently
There are many iniciatives being performed at the same time. Cruzeiro site is a small site, and sometimes the same employee is responsible to carieout different subjects and functions. I know that, particular for Cruzeiro, it is a time for changing, the site is growing the importance in the global manufacturing structure, however, it is being hard to manage all the activities at the same time. People are getting stressful and ansious, and as coordinator, I am trying to balance the people needs and concerns.
we have so much resources from so many different department. It is extremely hard for someone who just joined the company to navigate and find the information to support the daily work.
Face to Face interactions are inconsistent, my customers expect face to face interactions
IT support hasn't been a 100%
I feel that sometimes as a company we are extremely cautious to the point that it can hinder our abilities to engage with customers.  Every year it seems like there are further restrictions on what we can do or say to our customers.  I feel that this leads to some customers not finding value in our interactions and thus restricting us more from their practices.
I feel there is a lot of needing to make-do rather than have fit for purpose equipment, and our department feels like an afterthought on the site.
Our database has become a work in progress.
Access to industry codes and standards not as easy as I have experienced at other Fortune 100 companies that had corporate subscriptions to worldwide codes / standards subscription services (i.e.: IHS Global Standards), providing easy access to these resources for all employees.  Management says they want systems designed / operated in accordance with standards, but don't make access to those codes / standards easy.  Currently, most codes and standards must be purchased individually pending management approval, whether at corporate or site level. Or be accessed through partners, which is not ideal.  Company employees should have free access to basic industry codes / standards needed to do their work, and shouldn't have to  depend on third parties for provision of these resources.  I have made this comment year after year, but nothing changes in this area.
My area runs very lean, and we are expected to deliver against many priorities.  Long hours and challenging work are frequently required to meet all the expectations.
My laptop is so troublesome, i have an Ipad as a backup
Slow turn around getting templates/pre-populated emails approved thru PRT.
We can't get anything fixed around here. We are down to a skeleton crew of mechanics, and there's never enough money to buy the parts and equipment we need to do our job properly. It's the worst it's ever been. Half of our equipment is down, and has been down for years because there isn't enough money in the budget.
GLIMS is awful.  The global system is cumbersome and prevents much needed improvements with respect to results reporting.
I really need the ability to provide medical education programs for my customers.
Sometimes technology can be a challenge along with how long everything takes to complete because of all the required steps involved.
We are trying to implement some changes to the virtual PDGs which I think will enhance that resource but we put layers of restrictions in place that defeat the value
I can get by but Animal Health projects are not resourced appropriately.  This includes capital projects, quality manual redesign, improvement projects.  Animal Health does not resource to make meaningful change that can make a difference in how we do business and our employees.
I will miss the opportunity to launch products and new indications/market events in live PDG and Lecture settings including offering wine and a 3-star restaurant. The physician and medical staff community value these, and it helps to launch new information.   Would love more leave behind resources to support 100% of our portfolio.
My manager, Tom Cotter and DCO, Scott Britton,  have been excellent in providing our sales teams with the knowledge, resources and positive attitude to do our job well each day. Thank you!
Field needs computers. Not all applications work well on the iPAD. Medical education programs in person are essential to managing my territory.
There is a huge emphasis on the minutia and these tasks do not lead to increased personal development or increased sales. Examples would be all of the focus on making sure field suggestions are completed; FFMs are closed out without any accidental errors;  a ridiculous amount of teleconferences etc. these things do not lead to improved sales. These things drive people away from the company.  They make people feel bad about themselves and their job. The check the box mentality has to go. We are all educated, experienced oncology sales reps and we are being treated like primary care new hires. It is degrading and doesn’t want to make you work hard.  It makes you resentful.
We need to support communities of color and that should be reflected in our patient educational resources.  We never have Spanish support materials no matter how many times requested.  If we do it is limited and not brought back in a timely manner.  Many years have having to always ask for Spanish materials
The workload for some teams is barely manageable.  It seems to vary between TA teams and management says they are aware but they are not making any changes that will actually improve the team's work-life balance.  The biggest concern seems to be making sure we show how busy we are and that no matter what amount of work load we have that we will perform.  That can only last for so long....
the company offers all the resources required to do my job.
We have too many places where things are housed within the company  and do not have the flexibility to utilize other tools such as computer programs or software unless it goes through IT and they have to approve it, which sometimes never gets taken care of.
I think my department of work is heavy. So, we can’t do well
We need more to engage more.  There are talking points that do not have any hard copies to hand out.  We could use more frequent educational leave behinds that are simple messages.  Our digital presentations are the same for DOR and could use a refreshed look.
We are all double hatting due to the spin
Merck has spent the last few years investing in new digital capabilities for product promotion which is great.  However, I need printed resource to do my job even better.
Systems are outdated and do not meet evolving needs.  Many workarounds must be created which causes duplicative and manual work
Equipment is in short supply and is often misplaced by other departments. This hinders our production.
At this time, it's fine but seemed increasing workload due to many processes and impact from other function's business.
The resource constraints are limiting our ability to support the full scope of work and/or perform to the best of our ability because we are spread extremely thin over too many activities.
Technology is lacking and where there is a technology solution the systems overly cumbersome and slow.
We need laptops as field reps. The limitations on travel is challenging to get my job done.  Also the new restrictions on dinner programs and amount of FFM’s per customer is limiting access.  The company needs to understand that COVID has changed our interactions with customers and now they have to be scheduled and usually over a lunch break.
Lack of working PC`s, phones not working
Updated home tools would be nice sine we do so much remotely now
We have resources but it is quite hard to reach appropriate contact out to help you when you are new. This can take time
MSD educates the employee well before and during the work.
Less bureaucracy is needed.
No staff, no time, but lets double production...dont worry we have this "online course" that will help...
Mostly, I do have the resources to complete my job
I have proven all task as per organisations need
I think communication could be better in some areas. Has the same information been sent out to more departments or just in my dep?
more coaching and mentoring
Managements endorse new programs/studies without Japan specific propritization if Merck HQ decides to start it. On the other hand, there is no additional resource and hiring is on-hold.
Some systems - IT, purchasing - are very difficult to use effectively and generally slow down the rate of work / force employees to spend hours resolving issues or work overtime to catch up. IT systems are geared towards Microsoft Office only, non-Office apps are continuously broken by software updates which gets in the way of doing our jobs well.
Better devices and lunch tickets to have lunch at home
Indeed I do.  However it is segmented and often inundating.  I can see efforts for improvement and also take personal action to streamline
Additional support - Team required to execute on goals
Yrs, but don't have enough time
There is so much support available and I really appreciate how much MSD invest in their employees as a business. However this doesn't really live and breathe in Animal Health - there's disconnect between what MSD say they stand for and what's really happening at the coal face.
Little or no technical training.
Investments needed to accommodate growth would help in doing my job better
During the pandemic, the home office setup isn't ideal for full performance, both in terms of environment and hardware.
The workload is enormous. The company says take time for yourself, yet the workload makes it impossible. Always pressure to get more done. There seems to be a view of 'what else do you have to do' during lockdown.  I don't have time to think strategically, or have the energy to  innovate. This is not a satisfying way to work.
Too many firewalls
With so many schedule changes, machine issues, personnel issues, component issues it is a daily struggle, but I always do the best with what I can.
Very difficult with the lack of supplies (PPE, bleeding supplies, etc) that are available to us right now.  We can't get in what we need due to the situation
I feel we are missing some skills (like project management, skills to be an effective and efficient trainer) and global support. A lot of personal drive and will (to learn and read into information) is requested of myself and the team.
Virology resources are minimal.
For the most part I do, but IT tools can often be slow and clunky.
Not at the moment, but additional resources (lab support) are said to be coming
Still we miss outlook on upcoming projects to work on which are needed for planning, allocation and workload management so that is a point which requires improvement: upcoming project visibility.
Compared to other companies, we are limited in offerings to our customers. Sometimes if feels like handcuffs and stifles creativity and out of the box thinking.
Heavy on Policy and Procedure that can make resources difficult to use.
Compliance....
I have been a quality professional since 1989 & am always conscientious and pragmatic in my work. I am very aware of the expectations of QMS & the importance of maintaining our RDW trailer production accreditation. I have to continually take short cuts & leave aspects of my work unfinished, not started or incomplete. As a qualified Lead Auditor, I know the shortfalls of our QMS & would like to address & resolve them, however my limited work hours prevent me from doing so. Consequently I feel I have to take my job satisfaction from the solution of everyday issues & hope 3rd party auditors can take comfort in the QMS functionality & advise their opinions as to effective systematic improvements.
Q5:  Individual perspectives are listened to, but heard based upon the receiver's perception of it's worth.  Also, the company's perception that "new is better" often leads to frequent change with minimal benefits.  Just when I have learned a system or process well and become efficient, it changes.  Q11:  With my direct manager and co-workers, I always speak without fear.  Beyond that, I feel tension and uncertainty that I will be judged or even disciplined if my beliefs or convictions do not match or support the current social or political narrative.  Work should be focused on work and much less on everything else...that is why we are here (from an employment, not life perspective).
Resources is a wide covering term - maybe a better thought is timely resources that impact change. Once again hire the right people that are qualified to do the job vs hiring them and they try to learn it as they go
We need to have laptops for the field. To try and rely on just the iPad doesn’t work with many excel spreadsheets and other applications. Managers have both, so why not for the reps?
Capital purchases limitations and staffing restrictions have really forced us to work differently, on top of a slightly more limited time from COVID the past year. Everyone seems to be jamming more work in less time. In that regards, I believe we've become more efficient, but I question the sustainability of working this way long term. Also, innovation activities in my group have definitely taken a back seat.
With much of job being done virtually now it would be nice to have a desktop or laptop with larger screen than to have to do all work on iPad.  Eyestrain has definitely been an issue this last year
I do not have adequate opportunites to do my job.  I am shut out of many appointments etc simply because a team of 7 reps makes all with the same product makes it impossible
the needs for personnel to complete work especially that is not study specific but more global is missing from the resourcing approach by the organization,
The only thing I would request is that when we get new iPads that we get the larger screen iPad. Now with COVID it is very difficult to detail using the iPad when offices want us to sit at a larger distance away from the providers. This essentially makes the iPad useless as the screen is to small to be seen.
In order to be the leading oncology company, Merck needs to follow the lead of our competitors. Our customers do not understand why Merck is unable to do things that the vast majority of other oncology companies are able to do. Merck’s restrictive policies have become a competitive disadvantage.
I feel mainly supported from a resource perspective. Yet, I have I a recommendation. Our IT infrastructure is very disjointed; there doesn't seem to be an overarching strategy to seamlessly connect all of our work, or maybe there is and we are slowly making our way to building out the infrastructure. I think the tools with MS Teams and all supporting MS 365 tools is a great start. Yet, if would be great if we could capitalize on them more to automate our workflow even more and make working easier and more seamless. As an example, we have multiple social platforms such as Yammer, MS Teams and SPARK. It would be easier to get things done if we had a single platform.
Too many restraints involving engagements with customers.
Some sales applications are more helpful than others.  Accuracy of numbers in spotfire have been unreliable the past two years in some cases
Technology is lagging behind at Merck
We have the virtual resources needed to complete our mission.
Things have improved dramatically from an IT support perspective.  This feeling might not be shared.  I have been supported by a great IT team.
MSD have been making sure that in our WFH status we have everything we need to work comfortable and with the necessary equipment such as an extra monitor, mouse, keyboard, chair and laptop support
As a field representative, the current restrictions put in place by compliance regarding HCP interactions around meals, programs and education have made it very challenging to perform at an optimal level. I have been encouraged by sales leadership as they have provided a safe environment for feedback, but I am not sure if the concerns raised from field sales are fully understood by the decision makers within compliance.
My manager supports me
There are ample resources to do our job however with strict policies in place such as RAT tool and policy 3, it is challenging to execute the use of the resources.
There are many valuable resources but not always sure how to find them or how to find out who to go to. You might be directed to a specific area but how do you find the person that you specifically need. There are so many different groups and home pages. Also, processes change way to frequently. You just learn and get used to a process and then it changes.
Some of the new policies have made it more challenging to meet with our customers.  However I do completely understand the increased risk associated with  FFMs and especially MMFs.  And truly believe things are going to be even more challenging and scrutinized in the future.  From my limited view, I believe to fund outsourcing of  MMF type educational programs for older products or indications as opposed to hiring additional field sales personnel may be a good option.
The same thoughts that I have shared previously apply here.  So much of what we are doing is virtual, phone calls, texts, emails.  We need innovative methods to gain our customer’s attention and agreement.  More approved emails to choose from.  Some compliant texting methods.  Slides that can be texted or sent via email.  Text books to share at appointments or virtual meetings.  The ability to send a meal  during a virtual MMF.  Those are just a few thoughts
Removing the T&E expense reporting app was a bad decision.  Expense reports used to take me 5 minutes.  Now it requires at least 30 minutes to get one done which is a waste of time.  Not sure why we took a step backwards with this technology.
I am working on getting a better work flow and people are open to conversations and solutions so I suspect it will be better in the near future.
The resource of TIME is very limited.  This role juggles too many things to be 100% accurate and efficient.
We are told virtual is here to stay yet our resources have not evolved in over a year to accommodate better virtual engagement.  Compliance and Med Legal are a continuous obstacle...its like we are trying to work in 2021 and they are in in 1998
Compliance issues continually make my job more difficult
However, we are are limited to diverse races on Gardasil9 posters and flip charts. We have customers asking they would like “their patients” on the poster to resonate more with the population they serve. The field has been asking for this for years, but we still have not received it..
I have the assets to do some  aspect of my job well but have very little in others. For example, I have all the tools I need to digitally engage my customers but I do not have any means of drawing my customers in to those discussions other than my personal capital.
It seems the division is working hard to get us better resources, but have barriers in doing so.
We should have laptops in addition to ipads
During the COVID situation MSD India did not provide any resources to facilitate work from home setup. They only offered reimbursement for internet but that policy too is very restricted not up to the mark and user friendly
We need a greater variety of field emails (particularly Belsomra), with more flexibility in customization.  Many suggestions have been made to appropriate marketing teams, but to no avail.  More offerings with regard to ROME items would be helpful as well.
I feel like I do but sometimes i don't know where to find the resources. When I ask my supervisor where to find them I am told to refer to an email where it was previously mentioned.
Please send the RAT tool out earlier. We need to know if working live or remotely with more advanced notice.
Merck has the best resources in the industry.
We need more handout information to use out in the field that is professionally done and not printed from our home computer.
I think the field needs laptops to use Microsoft programs efficiently.
RAT tool needs to go away for me to do my job well!
we bring up issues about needing a lift or elevator in media to carry heavy jugs and product. this is a safety hazard. someone is going to get hurt. we have been saying something about this for years and they say oh its in the budget but never gets done. they go and put in pure when we were asking for it and not them.
I strongly agree with this statement with a caveat - The RAT tool has become a challenge.  I appreciate Merck’s desire to protect the health and safety of all employees, however, at this time I would be happy to sign a waiver to be able to be in the field regularly and better plan meetings with my customers.
need proj mgmt. support, need efficient admins, need more tools for easy sharing of documents with partners, need quick and efficient IT, health insurance and HR support
Right now, I actually feel like our hands are tied with some aspects of my job, ie, the restrictions on 12 lunches per HCP per year, as well as the limitation of only feeding 25 people in an account virtually.  I have some important accounts that have around 30 people that I have not been able to access because of this restriction.  Also, there are about 6-7 of my accounts that will have been seen 12 times by June with the number of reps per pod.  I feel like my hands are tied to be able to be effective in my job right now.  It’s very frustrating!
I can’t schedule lunches and dinner programs the way I used to be able to. Too many restrictions.
We could use more resources in oncology in Global Labeling.  I do not have a backup for my indication as I think turnover is on the high side in our department.
This is a yes and no question.  Mostly yes, but with the changes in policy regarding our FFM annual count, I feel that is hindering my clusters ability to perform as well as we could if that number per year was increase.
I think that the company should provide all that is needed to work properly at home (ergonomics, and office equipment at least a chair and a screen.
When we need resources and literature for product discussion and sales, they are not always available.
1.  It is ironic that the company focuses on diversity and inclusion, however, the resources do not adequately support the diversity in my community.  In Los Angeles, a large Hispanic population  resides however, my company has created only 1 Spanish resource.  This is not adequate. 2.  The company erected a barrier for virtual remote lunches.  This barrier limits the number of attendees to only 25.  This is a barrier because I have numerous accounts that want to do a virtual remote lunch, however, I am prevented from meeting with my customers in this format due to the barrier my company created. 3. The company created another barrier in the limitation of the number of lunch meetings a customer may attend with Merck.  A customer may only be provided a meal with a meeting 12 times during a calendar year.  Since my department/division has numerous representatives for the various indications, this is a barrier to access the customer and account.
Resources are spread across many competing priorities.
I feel we have overly complicated process associated with our SOPs that actually increase risk of noncompliance rather than minimize it.  when we question why things are done that way we are often told due to system or technical limitations or that another department requires it in this fashion which is not always optimal.
Please bring coupons & vouchers back for certain products.  We need them in-hand.  Thank You.
FFM funding severely  limits meeting customers in a new geography, and remote engagements are not always possible
I think we need a laptop at our houses for the office. I think an iPad only is very limiting to some of the office stuff.
My team is under resourced both human resource, budget, and support from some business leaders.
Being in field sales, the company is likely unable to get me resources that would help me be more productive in front of my customer due to regulations.  Certain studies, for instance, that i could hand out to my customers, would help me to look capable and effective.  Instead, I have to refer them to speak to someone else.  The totally cryptic and ambiguous way that managed care runs American healthcare makes for more completely useless conversations between me and my providers- when they ask me about specific managed care obstacles, there’s often very little that i can do to solve their problems.  This makes me feel bad about my relationships with my doctors and I worry about their impression of Merck in these situations.
We continue to be significantly resource restraint. With reorg came a larger scope of responsibilities as a group with no additional resources to support the work.
We have a lot of resources (workspaces, SOP, websites...) at our disposal, however, it is not easy to know where it is ; the matrix organisation is not cristal clear and very complex to understand. Most of the time, it is difficult in term of human resources and workload.  Is the workload always evaluated ? or anticipated ? we can improve here collectively!
narrow compliance standards at times limits ability to deliver on an initiative or project at a high level
Budget and headcount challenges difficult our accomplishments.
In sales sometimes we are in need of more or additional resources. But sometimes its a compliance thing!
I’m exceptionally confined by the RAT. I don’t understand how a county can be green one week, red the next and green the next? What really changes in one week at this point of the pandemic? I have had reschedule 4 face to face appointments with customers because of this. How are we supposed to hit the exceptionally high sales quotas when Merck, NOT my customers holding me back from selling?
At this point in time I believe that my group, as well as several other partner groups, are not staffed properly to keep up with workload expectations.
Computer would be helpful in addition to ipad
Resources and access to them are way over-restrictive and puts Merck at competitive disadvantage compared to other companies in the industry.
I feel that we currently are tasked with too many initiatives and trackers and programs.  For the best in efficiency and accuracy, PerPETual Loyalty and OneMerck status reports should be either sent regularly and directly from the company to our clients or give them a method of accessing that information themselves, much like we do when we keep track of how many points we have at Starbucks.  It should be uniform information instead of each rep sending out their own version.
It has been a challenge to get appropriate approved resources for my GU role. We have been told that the agreement with AZ limits our access to promotional resources....this needs to be corrected.
I feel very supported by the programs Merck has in place but it is not always supported by my direct manager.
our competitors over samples. many of our customers use the samples.
Recently the amount of FFM’s we can participate in has been deducted per year and because of COVID most of my FFM’s are remote.  This will really impact offices that have more than one provider and I only see one at a time remotely, but they all sign in for the lunch.  Will limit to half of the times I can see the HCP’s while remote.
We have resources however, more and more abilities to use the resources are taken away, due to compliance.
I can do parts of my job well with the resources but the RAT tool, no computers and all the restrictions compliance has placed on us , make it very difficult now.
Due to company expectations, I sometimes feel they are sending me into a gun fight with a sword.
I feel I have the resources I need, but I can't say the same about my team given they are field and follow a different set of rules than I do as a HQ-based employee.
I have the clinical material to do my job.   As I mentioned earlier, I would like to collaborate with other teams, such as MSLs.
We have been begging for non-branded resources that would be meaningful or impactful for our cancer center leaders (non-clinical or tumor-specific interventions) and we have not made much progress on this need/request.  We need to rise above the clinical conversations we have with Dept Chairs to become more of a partner of the cancer center.  We can’t talk clinical research and can only discuss our approved indications/trials. These scientific leaders want to discuss the future not the past and we are restricted from engaging in forward-thinking discussions.
Current workload to manage above site initiatives in parallel to new line install support & production site initiatives is having a negative impact on workloads and the ability to manage the day to day business needs.
Though I feel the Tier 1 IT support significantly delays my ability to do my job.  note I am a new employee and still getting up to speed technologically.
I have recently moved to a new department, and have no objective assessment of resources need to do my job well to date.
Especially with such limited customer facing time, it is extremely difficult to communicate freely with email with such policies that create and support limitations and boundaries that are so adverse to freely speaking about brands
As mentioned in a previous question, there are several rules that have been recently implemented that can make it challenging to get in front of certain customers.  I feel like Merck always takes an ultra conservative approach to things and most other companies are allowed to do many things that we cannot do.
Well supported from a technical needs perspective, but we can improve in aligning resources across cross-functional areas to improve output
We have iPads and I think they have been limiting.  We need them updated now that we are back in the field battery life is not holding because they have been plugged into the wall for over a year.  We need to have Merck just send us new devices so that we have updated option. Also, they should send us stands for iPads, lighting for virtual meetings etc... make it look better and more uniform for our customers.  We have a home office - make it look good
We talk about diversity but we often can’t get our resources in various languages. This makes it difficult to do my job well.
There's a lot of resources being poured into new facilities for clinical supplies; however, the existing facilities that continue to produce clinical supplies need investment (at a fraction of the cost) to better meet increasing GMP/GSE regulatory expectations for manufacturing our pipeline, and this investment continues to be deprioritized year after year.  This drives a significant amount of additional work, and increased headcount need, which itself is under pressure, so more work gets added onto an already stretched existing staff.  Contractors can make up some of the gap, but are not a substitute for having full-time employees who have a vested interest in company success and are less flight risk.
If I had the resources needed, I would be able to balance my work and personal life.  Please see my responses to the question on balance and my previous comment on roadblocks.
I would love for my digital partner with field email and connecting with customers digitally to have stronger more rapidly changing content to meet the customers needs.
some ressources miss: printers, ergonomic chairs and tables, headphones
The human resource has been my best resource as a new employee in CSRM. The team is very knowledgeable, experienced and available for training, Q&A, problem solving. It's fantastic!
The MRL Boston site has outsourced most of the essential needs/support to 3rd parties. This has hindered the cycle time to improve, the quality of the fix, and the control to realize the intended goals.  We lack the infrastructure and the transparency behind the decision-making. We are pushed to chase KPIs while not appreciating other urgent needs and the effort that takes.
Some of our tools are cumbersome and time-consuming.
There are many barriers that limit my ability to meet with my customers and do my job well (limits on number of RFMs per month, limits on number of customers that can participate in a virtual RFM, lack of visibility into who participated in virtual medical education programs that I conducted).
The resources are there; however, sometimes the resources aren't very clear.  But the good thing about Merck, is that you can always ask someone. There are colleagues who has bee n at Merck for many years and that is, in my opinion a GREAT resource. Thankful that people hang around. Otherwise, just relying on documents online could slow things down.
I believe we have the resources, however; management should ensure that employees understand well how to access those resources and are well trained.
Where resources lack is in a confusing and fragmented relationship with the Eisai collaboration.
We need a larger iPad to communicate product info to customers.   We also need a laptop to be more productive
To my comment above....I think we need to do more assessment of how non-value added work can be distributed or taken off people so that they can focus on their job rather than tracking, summarizing and capturing metrics.
Processes are sometimes slow and/or not simple; many people to work through for many steps.  This can make it hard to be nimble, experiment and test & learn. Also innovative technology is hard to experiment, process is for full scale vs. test & learn.
The resources are available but it doesn't mitigate the fact that processes and workflows are overly complicated and hinder me from performing my job effectively and efficiently.
Internet allowance is limited and during this pandemic the dynamics is different. We tend to use internet most of the time and we PAY for the excess consumption for the month 😥
Limitations are being imposed that are for political purposes or speculation of what’s to become of rules; instead, of just following current rules. Resource are limited but expectations are still high. AI will never take the place of boots on ground and local knowledge. Listening is key. With AI it’s based on data not relationship. If data is junk the AI suggestions are junk. AI is a tool not the tool.
Company has given the best resources to support my activity, so I should do the best for my work
Too much trainings. We can reduce the amount of trainings by hands-on practices & FAQ. Moreover, increasing administrative work such as editting/archival in systems and increasing regional queries (they should run report themselves instead of asking country directly) are affecting time spent in core/prioritiezed projects.
I love Merck library and its training courses, I love Havard Spark, I love MRL podcasts, and our colleagues, our vendors. There are so many resources in MSD! I'm looking forward to exploring more resources.
I do have all resources I need but do not guarantee about that in near future due to possibility of 'work from office' becoming mandatory in COVID era.
Two positions are open at the moment in our team. So of course if it is meant that there should be two people more to do the tasks we do currently it means that now that we are lacking those two there is not enough time to do all. It is perhaps the improving of local ways of working that suffers the most at the moment.
I have worked from home for over a year and not once has my manager indicated what resources are at my disposal or have been made available to make working from home more ergonomically affable.
Considering current Pandemic situation where I am working from home since last one year, organization has not supported by providing any resources for the home-office setup. For any document writer,/reviewer minimum resources like extended monitor, docket system, decent ergonomic chair/table are mandate. While many competitor worldwide extended financial assistantship for this cause, MSD simply ignored.
Agree mostly, but taking into account that the workload is very high and there is no system that backfills support needs in case of emergencies. Additionally taking into account that a growing pipeline needs multiple people to support programs challenging the direct availability of people when they are needed.
Working from home and IT issues/ quality of laptop has been more challenging than working in the office. A lot of Merck systems not always intuitive and some systems and processes can actually completion. Some processes make simple activities difficult
The policies in place for promotion are limiting
The team is quite stretched with all the tasks that need to be performed, the opportunitiy is taking with the spin off to make the MSD team lean but it does not leave much fat on the bones.
Inadequate amount of product support resources (Too few number of brochures I can hand out per month).
Being a commuter and in a regional role, the support received from the local organization where I have the contract was next to zero. Very disappointing to see to be abandoned.
I do have the required equipment and I know how to perform my job. I often feel hindered in executing my task by management demands. E.g. micro-managing and constant metrics tracking adds to the workload unnecessarily.
Our team and colleagues have asked  and requested several updates and additions to our current resource base and unfortunately no progress has been made to date.  Its starting to become increasingly frustrating.
I find that MAH is very supportive of my needs to make and keep customers satisfied and confirms their decisions to use MAH products.
Processes always change we know that, but communication here is terrible, manages don't get much involve at work, they don't resolve anything if we escalate.
There is always room for improvement.  As business's reduce head count in areas like HR, Finance, Procurement...it just shifts this burden to the technical community / scientists.  As a science based organization, this is disappointing and does NOT align with the company's mission statement.
Field sales need larger iPads to show information to customers as well as laptops to run reports requested by management. There is a gap of resources between VKCLs and VCRs, that knowledge and resources would benefit the VCRs that function like VKCLs within their territories working with accounts that VKCLs do not cover.
For the most part, our resources are exceptional.
By limiting our ability to see customers during their free time, lunches, breakfasts through FFMs, eMFs, and Vpdgs—- when our competition is doing it - is hampering our ability to meet/see customers.
Backorders continue to be a challenge
With the updates to policy 3 none in the field feels like we have the resources we need.  There are things other oncology companies are doing that are more innovative than us.  I know we have very smart people at Merck, I just think we need some fresh ideas and not to be so stifled.
I've chosen agree instead of strongly agree, since working devices (e.g. table, chair etc.) supported by MSD would help the working from home.
The virtual engagement at this point has been such a great opportunity for my customers in my territory.  As things open up, I have already had customers tell me they want to continue to do business in this fashion.
I often have to ask around or dig for a while to find information to do my job. For example, figuring out the correct SOP that I need to find information is not simple. When I do find the SOP, it references many other documents that I need to find just to figure out one thing that I need to do.
I feel like the optimal time to sell is over a lunch or breakfast....so now that we are being limited on that front it makes it difficult to succeed.
Yes, but is has been difficult working from home during COID.  It is hard to get Drs. On the phone and to do a virtual visits.    I do not support sending emails to Drs. that have 30 or more emails and they never open them.  It does not look good!  Let us make our decisions on who and when we should  send emails.  Thank you!
I know that Merck has quickly adopted to a virtual workplace.  In field sales we are still challenged to get in front of our physicians because many of them won’t meet with us virtually. I am hopeful that we will return to our ways of working so that we are able to meet with our customers more readily
I perhaps have too many resources!  The resources are not a problem it’s the finding what you need and the cumbersome way we document and have sources scattered in multiple portals
During this COVID-19 environment, The powers to be at Merck have slowed progress with the COVID tracker. All other competitor companies are not only in the field, but conducting live MMFs. Our company takes too long to make decisions that could allow us to be in the field and conduct MMFs to support our brands. I don’t think the company is listening to us about what’s happening in the field.
MSD offers the full support
Keep the digital coming in a manner our Customer’s like
Continued to be resource constrained where demand does not meet capacity.
With speaking with others in the pharmaceutical industry it blows my mind how far behind we are with the resources we are given to perform at the highest level of our job. Use the revenue we have created to advance our technology or we will inevitably be left in the past.
Feel that we are getting to a point where this is Strongly but we have come a long way
We don't have a robust UX tool stack - this makes it hard to do UX research and makes it virtually impossible to scale
There is a great balance of fiscal responsibility while still having the resources to conduct business with success.
Some systems and procedures are great! Some have limitations for support due to other priorities. I wish there were comments above about manager, but I have a new manager so no feedback.
This is hard to measure. I feel that this is true but don’t know of other resources that would make my job easier.
We lack several resources to properly engage remotely with our customers in the field. We are behind the industry.  Our emails cannot get through certain customer firewalls, our medical education runs on difficult to implement platform and are ability engage in live engagements is dictated by an out of date compliance tool.
Car and transportation allowance are not enough and don’t match the requirements of the work need
There is much more new requirement in from China market and Global Requirement, but the head count increase is not as much.
Face to face meetings are needed to further develop team spirit and build trustful relationships
The spin-off is having significant impact on us. Also, management expects more of the team, but data, processes and systems are scattered, not integrated, forcing a lot of manual work
I have a great boss that gets me the resources I need
Agree, but would also like to enable automation in the systems that I use as this will definitely allow me to do my job well
Marketing communications  Emotive selling
Overall, yes. we should however be able to invest more going into the new evolution in the company; as a policy leader, my ask is of our most valuable resource: executive time. If our business will be driven globally, we need to invest TIME and attention into policy work for key markets.
Whenever we are conducting event to engage our customer we are worried about compliance, even a small mistake happens we feel that we may lose our job.
Our  tools are not fit for blended/hybrid working. It is still challenging to have productive hybrid meetings when some colleagues are in the office and others are working virtually
The company made sure to provide the resources to do our job well.
Some services can be reviewed and revised after such a long time such as speakers honorarium and travelling allowances.
Technology update happens slowly. PC and phones are outdated and underperforming while running most recent applications.
It is about aligned priorities - if we could do that better, and follow-through, then I think the resources required would follow.
The organisation should place stronger emphasis and shift its focus to access from traditional commercial and marketing efforts. CFT and senior leadership should appreciate the importance and complexity of access, and have good foundational knowledge around access across different market archetypes (HTA and self-pay), which would help facilitate CFT efforts in enhancing access. At the same time, CFT and senior leadership should empower Access teams in fulfilling their roles and responsibilities (and resource accordingly), instead of creating additional teams and workstreams that are not familiar with the access environment and market dynamics. This requires adequate resourcing and recruitment/nurturing of the right talents with the right capability/experience/training
This is a point I cannot really agree with. Although I personally believe I have found good ways of working, I also believe this is too much "self-service". The mylearning system is good, but there's little on the job trainings.
There are quite a few problems on the IT side and it's alwasys a strugle when apps you need for work are slow or don't work well or not comfortable to use
I don't have resources for Antelliq integration and I feel being ignored by the Leader in AH when it comes to the PM allocation.
I have to do extra hours in order to get everything done.
This is not the company's fault, my work is best done when interacting with other team members in person which is now not possible.
IT Material is not adapted ( lenovo t 450), new laptop doen't work correctly for the timebeing.
The company provides me with the necessary resources for my work.
No collaboration with the medical department
It takes some time to provide the tools with all the regulations that has to be followed, but it does come and does add to our successes.
In order to enhance customer experience we need easy-to-use tools for data collection, evaluation and  use. In particular for customer interaction e.g. Samples distributed incorporated in veeva irep, Xpower less clicks and dropdown for quick data submission, msdorders status of registration, optin/optout list and all emails that were sent in order to identify optout reason, etc.
There are times when you have to prioritize based on workload and this is supported by my manager and my team
My management always finds a way to get resources that are needed.
Especially considering the circumstances of a global pandemic and not being able to collaborate in person for over a year.
I think traditional way of learning has to be challenged and changed , while I understand that mylearning trainings will not disappear because they are required for legal, regulatory purposes, they are the least effective way to assimilate information. More interactive, Live Virtual Classes are required where questions can be asked, especially for complex subjects like application implementation and support.
Working from home limits connection with operations and resources .... (e.g. unable to inspect samples with a microscope -> need to work with third parties which creates barriers, increases costs, timelines, etc. )
The IT support is absolutely abysmal.  An example of what NOT to do.  Every interaction is 45 minutes.  Very very poor.  Not exactly "white glove service."
My experiences as a new hire has been such that there is no process for ensuring new staff members are provided the basics of what they need to start to acclimate into the environment. You are given a laptop and email access only. It appear many staff members have been within the organization, no thought is given to the experience of a newbie to the environment as it relates to training, ensuring the appropriate system access is provided, etc.  You're just told, tell me what you need and I will ensure you get it. Well - how to you know exactly what you need? Feels like indoctrination by fire. Which is okay, however it does make it bit more difficult than it need to be.
More virtual resources needed for customer engagement for example a simple way to capture email permissions
i need help, too much work with no assistance at all
Sometimes the burocracy to have important things is a barrier.
I believe I have the resources but not sure my entire team does.  We are working on this.
I just need more time.  There's a lot to do.
The Organon spinoff is going to cause issues with resource for quite a while.  We have lost more people than work during this process and this will challenge us significantly.
The work of scientists could be more supported by expanding the groups of purchasing, technical services, contract management, equipment validation and IT.
Review of changes is extremely slow
Hard when resources are pulled and only the PI is the resource
Additional support and training for new people managers beyond Management Foundations would be helpful.
Inputs quantity is very less and doctor gifts as compare to other company is less, even scientifically tools not available in good quantity, feed analysis, pregnancy analysis and more services we will be start for farmers
I feel that the  RAT tool has prevented me from fully engaging with some of my customers
Our head count has been steadily decreasing but the amount of work has remained constant or even increased in some areas.  Supporting and non-critical work is not being re-evaluated or eliminated.  Staff is feeling overstressed and competing pressures for completing their work.  Many feel as though they need routinely to put in extra hours to complete their work.  Managers and leaders are frequently working off hours (nights/weekends) and sending emails, which is further making staff feel as though they need to also be working off hours.  This stress layered on top of the pandemic and increased stress at home is leading to burnout among staff.
We seem to be asked to "do more with less", despite the aggressive growth that is needed.
Time, tools, support from my manager: I have all I need
My department has made it clear that I only need to speak up if I need anything
Understaffed and always encountering issues. Have to put in overtime to constantly cover for inadequate staffing and am always asked why i worked OT. It doesn't seem to be noticed that we are understaffed and overworked
I would appreciate if we had access to more library resources: ebooks, databases, etc
We do not have the human capital to support my division.  The team I work on is one person short and there is no plan to backfill.  The representatives who support us are leaving their position in droves and there are 3 levels of approval to fill their spots.  So my team who traditionally works with C and D Suite leadership is now being tasked to call on people who reps have called on.  There are not enough hours in the day to get all the work done.  And the biggest barrier - we spend 90% of our time in internal meetings.
Need HIT case study resources available to make the case with customers for process improvement.
largest challenge in this space is the fact that as a site we have too many :high priorities / must do" and not enough headcount to be able to meet those challenges, or the necessary physical space to execute (laboratory space for example)
Merck provides us with the resources we need to perform our job well.
I am in field sales.  Merck’s Veeva platform allows old addresses to linger in the system for years.  Retired and deceased providers to pop back in. DEA valid providers have no “valid address” per us. Allowable RFM count is reduced when only a few providers allow RFM’s in their office during this pandemic yet we have a tracker that dictates whether we are doing a good job.
I would hope resources to be more current and really appropriate based on what customers will respond to, instead of just becoming a check box to complete.
a lot of support and resources
Feel constant under-resourced in my department, we have all the timeline to meet and have little time to test new ideas
Workload is too large and we have no people resources to help spreand the load. The company needs to stop with the life balance meetings and suggestions for a better work / life balance....... the irony is that we dont even have the time to attend those..... we need people resources!!
Appropriate training and resources with continued support allows me to be successful in my role.
Things like flow of communication and transparency have improved over time, but there are still barriers and policies that seem like road blocks.
Great resources for my products from marketing
we need to check the whole process, redesign it and thinking in better solutions, less login, best programming tools, work with code versions, centralized repositories, use git, other programming tools like Python, R, IDE's, ticket systems
Remote capabilities have allowed us to do our jobs this past year
not enough IT support to create more efficient tools
Sometimes I feel I am restricted because of the policies and rules we have to consider.  It seems we have every year another hurdle to jump to work with customers.
Need better digital engagement tools. Not much evolution over the last year
Even when situation has change a lot in the last year, we have everything we need to continue reaching our targets
I have access to documentation and experience within the company to complete my job successfully
We rarely have resources in a timely fashion, and have such limited budgets for interactions that we can struggle to compete and earn time.
Do not have adequate resources
We are at a competitive disadvantage and also our resources aren’t keeping up with the market because the time it makes it (if it makes it) through the approval process, it’s outdated or someone else has beaten us to the punch.
Head count is too low. Employees who leave are not replaced and their work is transferred to remaining employees.
Sales although a great tool is outpatient focused by design. Nice to have a hospital version that would be more efficient for a Hybrid team.. Better account management, call planning, reporting, etc..
IT issues can prevent me from from doing my job to the best of my ability. Sometimes I feel like I am working with one hand tied behind my back.
I think this varies greatly by team. For example when Covid started and we all started working remotely I asked to use the process we were give to purchase supplies. I was told that process wasn't for our group and that I needed to make an appointment to go into the UG building to get the supplies I needed. I spent a lot of time trying to get what I needed but it was limited since no one is there managing resources any more. I find that I'm spending money to complete my work that isn't being reimbursed because my managers aren't allowing me use/access various resources.
My manager has made continuous efforts to ensure that my team has the resources required.
Budgets are way too cheap
In my role there are certain groups that support well and others that don't. Overall I can find what I need but it takes time and energy depending on what resource I am seeking.
As a field-based employee, there was not enough budget to see your SLs F2F more than 1-2 times per year. There is also not budget to attend scientific meetings, a great place to network and develop relationships with SLs. There Merck policies for providing virtual meals to SLs is more restrictive than our competitors, and when we do allow it, our meal budget is only half of what our competitors is (or what is used to be a few years ago).
Again, we're having to do more with less due to contractions in HQ/Organon movement.  This has put more work on our roles when we should be trying to manage sales performance.  In addition, we have not been able to backfill vacancies, which has also created holes in the department that requires representatives to call on additional customers on top of covering their respective territories.
The workload is ever growing and the limitations/red tape in place restricting hiring along with the process in place for resource distribution within MRL is frustrating.
Have resources on-site, but not at home
I feel that we have done a great job during the pandemic to accelerate virtual access to our customers that are willing to engage with us virtually.  However we are doing away with coupons and our customers that like to give those to there patients are questioning our reasoning.  The other challenge is the resources we have been given to replace coupons have not been to us in Spanish which makes some offices feel that we are not recognizing their patient populations needs.
OCM capabilities and resources
Procurement is so slow on getting some software I need to work faster. ELN is also a huge time sink due to slow, outdated software.
I believe I have the right materials to do my job. It however can be very difficult going into so many different applications to find the answers. It wastes a lot of my time searching for answers.
I feel that the needs of my customers require an in person presence.  While I value that Merck is concerned for my safety, my customers (for the great majority) have opened up to in person engagements and have stopped doing remote.  Having had Covid and received the vaccine, I wish I was allowed to go into offices that preferred in person engagements
With all the digital engagement capabilities, I would like to see the return of laptops or at least larger ipads
I work only with a ipad that is 8in x 11in...small screen for all the virtual calls, customer meetings and general work.  Please give us bigger screens
The focus on iPad resources to the exclusion of leave detail pieces is not conducive to our objectives.
Equipment ages and breaks over time, and i have to pay out of pocket for basics like headsets, keyboards, mouse because i am told there is no budget for this at work.  I addition, we are asked to say on top of our field and be able to offer up innovative solutions yet there are no opportunities or budget to enable attendance at training or events where you can expand knowledge and network.
It would be nice to be able to electronically share more resources.
I wish we would invest more in software development.  A lot of the systems we use are slow.
one resource which is needed is reliable headcount data; reliable headcount data is not available
Too many resources that it is hard to keep up and track  with all the resources from different places.
I have the resources I need however during this pandemic I am limited in my ability to interact with accounts and customers by the RAT. In theory, the RAT is a good idea, however there should be more autonomy at the territory level between reps and approval  from CTLs to go into the field. I have some resources that could be helpful but are too weighted down with policies that are overbearing. It’s as if the reps are punished for the wrongs of other companies and other reps.
We need paper resources like detail pieces & reprints to be able to leave with HCP’s who request such things after a discussion. We certainly can email most items but it is much more efficient to be able to provide those resources when the customer asks. And not all customers provide their emails not check emails routinely.
Providing the right resources that address to different clients needs a lot of improvement
I feel like we have so many systems that knowledge and work gets lost especially for products that have been around awhile
This year has been challenging to say the least. I felt an incredible amount of support from my manager and team but when it came time to execute in this “new Normal” we fell a little short in terms of being cutting edge with our digital presence. Programs such as the vPDG are incredibly cumbersome for our customers and add additional steps that seem as thought we are taking a step back instead of becoming more innovative. Our digital platform for virtual exhibits is non-existent and I think as a company Merck could have done a better job.
The team I work with and am able to bounce ideas off of, along with the Tech Service team is outstanding.
We need more access to social media sites to be able to share Merck approved content
Compliance and legal have taken so many tools away from us without a strong rationale to do so. It makes doing our job very hard.
Although some of the work in my group is done by a contractor, , but when she hits the 4000 hours, training a new person takes several months and we need permanent resources so we don't have to waste the time training someone new.
Resources are better than in years past - for the reps and the clinics.   However, if we are market leaders, there are areas that still need some improvement.   Clinic educational resources still lacks.  What we have is a brochure that only promotes, does not educate.   I feel when I walk into/drive up to clinics I am deflated by the items available and being used by my competitors.   Sentinel Brands is a perfect example!
I have asked for the transparency to see that our team's needs are being met three times, gotten no response each time, then was told that I'm making conversations difficult so I should not speak up, because I pointed out that our requests are being poorly handled. The inefficiencies in this place are caused not only by the resource constraints but by the get-along gang insisting that the "right" way is to just keep waiting rather addressing that we look at better ways of handling things that have been sitting over a month, over 6 months, over a year.
Rat tool is destroying my business
Resources are more or less present within the company but fragmented and not easy to locate/find. Very often, we rely on colleagues who have done something before to tell us where to go look or find what we are looking for.
As things are removed, and marketing pieces get delayed, it gets harder
I wish I had space at home to comfortably and ergonomically do my work.
The resources need to be better streamlined and efficient.
Policy letter 3 significantly impacts my ability to see my customers.
I think that the company has done an excellent job during the pandemic providing us resources and information to continue doing our job. The one thing that would help would be to start being able to have in person client contact like our competitors.
I have the computer systems, equipment, and manager support, but I don't have time resources needed to do the best job I possibly can.  I always feel like I have to juggle too many balls, and have to drop one to handle another with a tighter due date.
We have had a lot of attrition in our department.  We have been allowed to refill only some positions
Due to compliance I do not have all the resources I would hope for.
Basic resources such as computationally powerful and functioning laptops or historical project reports are unavailable or unattainable.
Every question on this survey needs to have a comment section.... Not just the ones you choose.
While resources are not limitless, I do believe that we expect a lot from our personnel and have the likelihood of burning out a fair percentage (10-20%). I'd expect an increase in attrition post-pandemic
Material items are usually available when required. Decisions sometimes are delayed.
Work loads have increased as additional processes have been implemented or revised. Work- Life Balance isn't possible as email dominates the way we work. It's not possible to keep up
COVID 19 has presented great challenges, I understand Merck could be more agile in looking for or modifying alternatives that provide continuity in my work.
We have so many opportunities to help support our customers and their patients needs but the unreasonable rules we have in place keep us from doing our jobs well.
We are well-resourced as a salesforce.  The marketing teams listen to our input.  Field advisory boards are important.  There are always things we could use, but understandably, there are priorities that marketing must consider before committing to producing everything we request.
I feel we are always months behind with approved resources either remote or in person. Nothing happens fast, so we’re late to some conversations and other vaccine companies can be and are being viewed as providing more value on a timely basis.
I agree.  However, I need more people on my team. We have a large project list but not enough people to balance the necessary projects with the routine day to day work.
I feel we have limited resources for diabetes.
Our product marketing teams have been responsive to requests for various resources received from field sales.  Thank you.
There are opportunities to continue to refine how our team resources are used to support our objectives.
too much administrative work and data collection continues to be added to our role.  i feel that it has become a numbers game at times.
Sometimes our policies are “restrictive” and limit our abilities to have the greatest impact with customers.
Workload increases with no headcount support
as the scope of work has increased adding more species to our work I need more resources to do my job well
Not enough financial and human resources. Decreasing on annual basis despite increased workload and no possibility to spend time in development activities.
We are too conservative to invest in transformational goals, e.g. investments in new technologies and IT.
Additional resources are needed.
Coupons were removed....providers call and request coupons. We now send them to web. Number of FFMs per calendar year reduced (esp difficult during a launch)   Limited resources, everything is digital.   Some people still look at print.
I have trouble accessing drawings/prints/engineering design changes/vendor engineering prints & documents. And even when i do find a print, there is no way to verify it is the correct revision.   It is difficult to access previous work orders in our CMMS to be able to trend equipment performance.
No / too little admin support  so i have to spend  a lot of time of admin with NO value for me , customers or the department
We need to reduce shadow organizations.  The resources should be spent on operations.
We are all does 2 and 3 jobs and are under resources in FTE and $$.  I am always being asked to give back $$
I need to be able to be in the field and meet with customers. We need more flexibility in the RAT tool especially if you have been vaccinated.
As we have moved completely to digital resources, I feel there is still value in having a few hard copies of product resources. Because of difficult to access customers who are not open to digital engagement and emails, especially during the Covid season where many hospitals are not granting access to physicians, it would be nice to have a few hard copies with product information to leave behind; especially for Recarbrio.
Depends on the project.
The RAT tool has shifted from being beneficial and protective during the quarantine to now being restrictive and a hinderance to getting our jobs done.  There needs to be accommodations made for fully vaccinated representatives.
we have a strong, traditional sales and marketing model but I believe we need to adapt our WOW to invest more in a patient and market access strategy
I feel my manager does an exceptional job of looking out for their reports and does everything in their power to help me do my job.
For the most part, the network is great to find the information that I need to do my work.  However actual headcount standpoint I feel overwhelmed by the number of projects I am to support.
We often think about “resources” as physical things or tools or information.  In many cases I have these “resources”.  Time is often the resource that I feel I don’t have enough.  Either I have been dealt too many “priorities” or I have too much documentation (procedures and micromanagement procedures) to fulfill and this affects the quality and quantity of my work and performance.
MSD SIEMPRE ME HA PROPORCIONADO EN TIEMPO Y FORMA TODOS LOS RECURSOS NECESARIOS PARA EL MEJOR DESEMPEÑO DE MI TRABAJO
The resources are available, but sometimes its the challenge of finding those resources first that is difficult. It was 4-5 months into this new job with the company that I happened to find the US AH Navigator site. That had a lot of the resources I needed on it. The resources are there it's just learning where to find them! New hiring training has been on the back burner it seems. I feel like not having a proper onboarding or training right away has slowed my progress in growing in this position. I have had to lean on my team to help train me and work through things that I need. I know COVID didn't help that situation but being able to go through some of the new onboarding virtual is a possibility.
Up to a certain point.  We are expected to do a lot with fewer resources.  This will eventually become unsustainable.
Going back to the response about innovation above, resources are completely scarce. Consumables and supplies are back-ordered or have doubled/tripled in lead time in the R&D areas. Management in my area doesn't seem to be sending out alarms about this. Instead, they're worried about all the overstocks of previous items that are taking up spaces in our area. If the pandemic didn't affect supply chains, we wouldn't have to stock huge amounts of items to keep our R&D projects moving and meeting all the timelines. Most of the time, I find that we communicate issues up, and management is surprised to find out our problems over and over again. Its a little disingenuous sometimes, and we are having to innovate all the time to cover gaps, which is great from a developmental perspective but feels like there's a disengaged state of detachment from reality and inability to recognize problems on a broader level.
We are quite understaffed and the effort to secure additional headcount is unreasonable.  Colleagues are way overworked and over stressed and often resolution of problem issues are delayed and delayed until they become crisis when then causes even more issues.
We have budgets and Contractors to perform necessary maintenance tasks.
The company has been supportive in ensuring we have all tools needed to carry out the work.
Materials are dated and not as relevant as my competitors
given financial constraints and the inability to replace functional/tactical lab staff who have transitioned requires the scientist manager to spend more time to support the team in day-to-day activities to maintain quality throughput and this reduces time for growth of those manager/scientists
Merck Oncology use to feel like a small biotech company under a larger pharmaceutical company umbrella. A culture that felt like the company really wanted to do what was best for patients and it’s people. Today it feels like Oncology is just a Primary care division, just go out and deliver a message even if it is not what our customers are looking for.
MSD makes many resources difficult to use
There are some bureau tables which can be as sit and staying table. This should be done for all for the health of all the employees.
Need more consistent access to customers
workload and headcount are the issues
We need more funds to do FFMs. Launching a new vaccine with a fraction of the budget
The biggest challenge for me in the WFH environment is having my own space to work (both my husband and I WFH and work for Merck), with only one office in the house, I work from my bedroom.  The other challenge is childcare - both my kids are home in the afternoon and need assistance with homework and being watched while I work in the afternoon.  The LifeCare benefit given to us has greatly assisted - it would be great if it continued as the pandemic continues!
Organization, searchability, and access to SOPs and quality documents is a continued struggle.
The resources may very well be available but no one knows what they are or how to access them.
SYSTEMS are poor and prevent us from doing our jobs efficiently.  REDS, PSPM
The team I have recently joined and the division overall seem to provide extensive support for the field representatives.
The marketing team has done a great job creating important resources.  However, in my area I am asked on a daily basis for Spanish information around all products.  I do not feel that we have enough Spanish information around our key products.
E- Resources available for the sales force for remote audiences have been limiting especially if on a Customer platform or on Merck’s Webex. Would be helpful to have more product resources, patient resources available via all customer avenues. Including new relevant resources that would be helpful to the Customer to recover from patient declines during Covid.
Budget ในการทำ activity ไม่ balance กับ target
I can do my job very well as I know what my customers need and how to work with them to ensure the best patient outcomes. It feels Head office seem to be really disconnected and out of touch with the reality of what happens in the field and what our customers truly need. There is pressure to conduct meetings using MSD slide decks that are not relevant or of value to todays competitive market and where we stand. Clinicians are happy to conduct meetings but want to make them educational and relevant rather than promotional and pushing Keytruda where other competitors may be a better option.
There’s always lots of thoughts and sharing from my teammates and my SM
There is always room for improvement in the resources provided. This can be due to implementation of improved reassures over time or understanding with large changes of systems understanding of where to identify resources simply available in the past my well be lost during these changing times.
Sometimes decisions and process improvements are too slow . Too many project at the same time can reduce  higher quality results
Currently masks are not available for me to order on Rome yet a field policy requires that I am using them while in the territory.  Removing quantity limits on masks would eliminate this barrier.
Few new resources, e.g. new system platform, we implemented do not perform as expected and that in turn takes more resources and effort to resolve the system problems.
The phone and vehicle policy needs to be reviewed
issue with our new cookie policy vs measuring our website traffic. resulting in a massive drop in our website traffic which means i am unable to do this part of my job
Sometimes it is difficult to do lab work because of the limited space in PP005. This in combination with that we have to book LAF-cabinets and offices. Also PCR work is more difficult because it is in PP008. There is also a permanent shortage of -20 / -70 storage so each time we have to puzzle to find some space.
I have enough resources, but all the policies and control mechanisms in place make it difficult to feel free to do everything at best.
The resources are available, but having time to learn and get access is challenging.
I have all the equipment I need, however, both laptop and iPad are old models and having a lot of connection issues and working from home, in an area without cable/glass fibre I needed to get an extra subscription on a 4G lease to be able to connect properly to work, without expenses being compensated.
More paper product resource information (leave behind) would be quite useful. We are losing out to the the competition with the limited amount of leave behind literature that we have.  Additionally our electronic resources and iPads are quite small when conduction customer conversations in person and virtually.  Much larger screens would be wonderful.
More Spanish/Korean/Chinese language patient education materials would allow me to do my job even better.
Managers need training on how to adapt our ways of working & personal interactions due to remote work.  I haven't been in the office in 14 months and am afraid this may be permanent.  A lot of effort was put into modifying our business processes (how to sign documents electronically, increased modified webex capability, etc.).  But I don't feel that much thought has gone into modifying our human interactions now that we are entirely remote.  There is research that gives good suggestions for modifications that can be helpful - perhaps have regular check-ins twice as often but half as long or make it a habit to turn on cameras during meetings, at least occasionally, etc.  Leadership needs to provide significant training on this, as we are all remote and "getting by" on minimal interaction with team members and we have lost those opportunities (at the water cooler, etc!) to conveniently check in with managers before situations escalate to the point that a dedicated meeting is required.
Too slow to get those resources
As a vaccine representative it would be helpful to have a laptop computer in addition to a larger screened iPad for customer discussions.  We are asked to provide Excel calculator spreadsheets to customers in contract discussions and it is difficult to do Excel on the iPad.
Refer back to comment about MES. We also do not have any managerial support, except for the interim business lead who is being moved to a different area. We need help on the shop floor, not help from behind a computer a mile away.
In my role, technical involvement is an ongoing need. Merck is pretty stingy with dollars to support this. More than once, I've taken on the technical role on behalf of my project (which involves some level of global site support). On the upside, I've innovated and produced a product which is likely better than what our technical support unit would be likely to provide, but at the expense of my work/life balance. I have saved Merck money and reduced project risk significantly, but I have paid a price that I don't see being reciprocated back to me.
High volume of ER activity High volume of cross site IR activity & support Stretched HR resources due to gaps in team
More scientific journal articles (where appropriate) could be helpful.  IVA content has improved.
I don't always have the time to do my job well. But for the most part we have what we need.
At times the technology and technical support inhibit me from doing my job well.
The workload and level of resources/funds available sometimes makes my job difficult to do at the level of quality that is needed and that brings me the level of job satisfaction that I seek.
Grateful for the incredibly supportive and growth oriented manager and department I am in.  A lot of frequent information sessions about various company IT systems/technologies.
Work/life balance is difficult at Merck
Fully realizing we are in business to make money, in regards to both safety, and productivity, the company balks at spending money to make any improvements that are not absolutely mandatory.
Live access to my customers is the resource I most need from Merck.
For small Merck sites, people don't have the information pool that exists in larger Merck Sites.   In a demanding compliance environment, it is more difficult to resolve questions and get answers to stay in compliance.
I find some things can be very slow to progress in MSD.  Teams seem to be under-resourced. Everyone is very busy and as an overall company there is not much recognition of this. For a new site we are already penny-pinching - while I understand the rational behind this, I think that there is more to be gained from getting a site up and running successfully and stabilising things before reducing team contract support.
I feel there could be some improvements with field emails and more ROME resources for offices/patients to support our job expectation in the field.
Coupons are one of the biggest resources we have with customers.  Customers tell me routinely that they give customers coupons routinely and that it is a mistake that Merck is not providing them.
We had a much better environment in the past. Now, we have to do more in less time with less resources and not only things have to be perfect, we need to know everything about every subject, study hard on what company needs and not on what we like or value. Pandemic made it more clear that we suffer from  lack of coherence from leaders. Speech is not practice at all. Beautiful words, people struggling and suffering.
I think we need more training and learning sessions
The SOPs are too stringent to carry out any action  For example in Virtual meeting sometimes it is difficult to keep all attendees for more than 45 minutes-in spite of best effort they log out. These problems are difficult to manage sometimes-compliance team should understand
Resources are reduced every year .
Everything is good
Annual budget cuts have severely affected employee engagement activities. We have tried our best to be resourceful and prioritize what is truly essential. While I understand the difficulties in the business landscape exacerbated by a pandemic, we have not much to offer at this time. We're always asked to do more with less and I'm afraid this is not sustainable.
I am still new and still learning & exploring but my manager has done a good job transferring knowledge
As I’m working at home due to COVID I have been supplied with the necessary equipment eg office furniture and broadband to work well during these times
# of FTE in dept is currently not adequate to address all business challenges
To do my work, I need a laboratory manager that takes the responsibility for the lab. The laboratory manager also needs sufficient time to keep the lab operational. The last 2 years there was little support from lab manager. Maybe it changes from june 2021, when a new lab manager starts. I think the function of lab manager is underestimated, at least the time that is needed to fulfill this task in a good way.
I am strongly active to my job well
navigating MSD systems and "getting it right" is a challenge. Therefore MSD systems as a resource needs more work
Agree but ,decision making is poor with lots of ambiguity and not having clarity to execute well
I have encountered a lot of IT issues. My first laptop didn't work properly and I had to straggle for it to be replaced, Generally speaking, the service I received from the IT department was poor. I still encounter problems of slowness when using the VDI to read emails. Sometimes I encounter problems when transferring files that I want to attach to emails.
Our team is missing so much equipment that it takes to do our job. It has been an ongoing issue for almost a year
We need to be able to get out of our houses and see customers and our teams.  Red Green is making that more difficult
The CSSM organization is severely understaffed with trained study managers and clinical scientists.
i do feel our technology hard ware is not adequate to perform my job. Often we have basic power point slides and excel models crashing.
There are resources that we have asked for increased quantities and have yet been approved. There were also some pediatric resources taken away and were promised to return, however, that has not happened  either.
We are doing more virtual calls without the proper technology and resources. Laptops, lighting, backgrounds.
Field representative who have received the covid vaccine should have choice to work in field with customers instead of mandated to remain at home based on local rates. Many of my peers have been able to go in person to see customers, yet I remain home bound even though I have been vaccinated for over 2 months. I need the option of in person interactions since I’ve been vaccinated
Sometimes I feel if I had more leave behind resources for customers it would be helpful.
No computers, compliance ties up to many resources, co-promotion obligations with Eiasi restrict our ability to move the business, RAT tool hinders our ability to see our customers in person
Generally agree, but time is a critical resource that is sometimes lacking.  Also - there are barriers to smooth operation
My job is to save and improve lives through my role.  The tools needed- vehicle, educational/marketing tools, etc.  The other resources that are intangible are deeply inadequate at Merck at this moment.
Compliance strongly limits the resources that we can share with customers. An example using tumor shrinkage graphs to reinforce treatment succes.
Compliance prevents the field from doing what is necessary.  Too many restrictions.  Customers are neglected
Yes, I do have resources, but would like them to be available in ROME
Merck has all the necessary resources for any employee, but there are so many resources in so many different places it's difficult to identify where the resources are or how to access them. Streamlining to a "one stop shopping" approach is badly needed.
I think I have the physical resources to do my job well, but I don't feel like there is enough time in the week to get everything done.  So considering 'time' as a resource, I don't have enough.
My Department is still living in the 70's, which makes my job harder and not ergonomically friendly!
With the spin off it's more and more difficult to do my best work due to the gaps that currently exist and juggling everything to make sure nothing drops.
Providers are extremely frustrated at the lack of managed care access I have for the products I’m promoting in my territory.
Learning and development is very confusing here and impossible to get access to systems to be proficient at my job in a timely manner
Lacking properly trained people which requires time and it seems like testing is over getting people trained.
The field needs better budgets to spend on customers.  It is inconsistent across the various product groups.  When you ask us to do more remote OCMs, they are more expensive and vaccines is not given the resources to do the job effectively either in person or online
I feel the new compliance barriers are limiting my access to customers and in the end hurt business.
I am so thankful leadership approved remote engagements during the last 14 months. It has opened new doors and allowed me to do my job well despite the difficulties.
In my current role I do not feel like I am supported by project lead. New to role and there is no opportunity for discussion or learning. New items are assigned with no communication so I find out from other members of the team that I am working on new items. Any time I ask for support I am told I should not need it because of my level.
It's difficult to FIND the resources, I'm sure they are available but it's difficult to figure out where you need to go.  You don't know that you need access to something until to try to complete a task, everyone is moving to MS teams, and they are all set up differently and you don't know where to look from one team to the next
I believe there is capacity here to improve process for leaders so they know up front what they would be expected to be trained on in what systems. Also improvement in forums for information sharing for leaders and discuss talent across the business with M1s and M2s?
There are some really simple out of the box solutions that are not approved by Merck for use. It is really difficult to get something approved. Example: Project Management  platforms- Really hard to get access to MSFT Project or to get unapproved Monday.com approved for use.
To some extent. It goes back to my concerns about marketing listening to the field and being able to pivot quicker.
The limited capacity of office spaces has been a huge obstacle when working on site. It eats of time and energy during my working day and disrupts the flow of work and thought. Not having an alternative to virtual meetings has been another pandemic obstacle - as everyone's communication style, comfort zone, and personality traits, are different, but we lose that diversity and even development opportunities when everyone is required to adapt to only virtual interactions.
I feel well prepared overall.  Merck has done a great job incorporating new technology.  The resources in Veeva media make OCM interactions productive.
Example:  Certain patient education pieces allow us to only order 10 per month.  If more than one health professional requests the item in that same month, I have nothing to give the additional people.  Routinely requesting extra quantities for a “conference” doesn’t seem practical. Could we order 30-40 instead?
due to ongoing process changes resources are not consistent, up to date or available.
Functional resources are squeezed year in and year out, and we are often unable to carry through fully on development plans and filings due to resource limitations.  We need to do a better job of managing resource estimations longer term, especially when in-licensing the the latest, high priority targets.  We move all resources to those, and those others in the pipeline struggle.
Overall I agree with this statement in that I am able to get resources I need to do my job. However, there seems to be a lot of tacit knowledge not captured in official documentation anywhere so I struggle sometimes with having to talk with multiple people who direct me to other people to get general answers.
Would like better/more user friendly software to use, and better patient education brochures, posters, and tear pads.
All resources are developed internally without the input of customer facing employees.  They ask for input and then ignore it.
Again, I think we could do a better job and connecting throughout the entire organization not just in our group.  I didn't know we had a SDOH sharepoint....that would be extremely helpful in understanding the issues at sites and how we can better help them meet the needs of their patients.  Why wouldn't the person in charge of this think "hey...I bet people in GCTO could use this information" and share it out.  We have to do a better job of making sure people aren't working in silos and right now we are still in silos
I can't bring my computer into the building so I have to leave the building to do my job but I'm supposed to spend more time in the building.
Continual change in demand and priorities make for a chaotic work environment. Constantly feeling like swimming and can't keep afloat - always getting behind.
We are in a very competitive industry and controlling margin and gaining market share is difficult.  We may be able to accomplish this by providing services to our customers.  Many customers are asking for employee onboarding programs and training videos.  When asked most are willing to commit their purchases or utilize their rebate dollars to obtain this training.  Providing videos and platforms to onboard employees will need an investment by MAH, but customers are willing to negotiate the win/win.  I feel the first animal health company that provides this service will be able to lock up business and at an acceptable margin.  If we target 30-40 key customers and provide this service and we are able to secure long term business, we can easily duplicate this with the next 40 accounts and then again and again.  The field force needs managements support and investment to do this as well as a customer commitment analysis.  This is a way to control margin and market share at this time.
Sometimes it's just hard to actually get the resources needed for projects.  There are escalations but in the end people find it's too slow and tedious so they just brute force do the job to get through
I would like to have all the equipment I'd do if I were at the office instead of having to buy them all myself, like a proper chair, maybe a printer [or easily access to one], feet support etc... but I understand the difficult logistic involving sending this to everyone...
We have less and less resources for the field. Less leave behinds and coupons are going away. Physicians have expressed the displeasure in this and it is not conductive to effective business
Recent years, capital budgets have not even been sufficient to replace equipment at end-of-life, let alone new equipment that allows for new techniques
We are being limited heavily to what we can do. Rules announced today are applied to events that happened in the past, and we need to bear the consequences because the rules were different back then (namely 1 month ago).
I personally do but I see so many teams that do not. Too often more is being asked of individuals without removing existing expectations/responsibilities
training, support are low
All the assets are given are good and very help in my daily work of company
items not followed up on that could help with my job
Communication differences between oral and written is confusing
Sales team equipped with best resources required for
Activities are needed for HCP
Patent will get expire soon , but no concrete strategy
We aspire to achieve more alongside quite frequent budget cuts. Sometimes we should be bolder and truly invest into our future like the leaders that we want to become.
Merck are very up to day with all recourses to do my job well.. More focus should be given on the processes on site.
Some recent role out of IT systems to improve performance (MS Teams, OneNote ...) are not fully understood and inadequate training is provided
There is some challenge  with the use of an outdated IT data repository and tracking database used by cross functional departments.    Delay  of upgrade and transition to more  current version of the system has been  due to shifting priorities and limited IT resources.  With so much of our work and compliance  relying in IT systems, perhaps more resources for IT support ( for development and validation) should be considered.
I feel that Merck creates unnecessary barriers for us to do our job well.  RAT tool, restrictions to programs, 12/HCP/year FFM rule, etc.  Marketing resources are getting better, however, I would like to see them available to us sooner when launching.
I think Merck can continue to evolve in this space with how programs are done live and virtually (allowing in person with limited restrictions, allowing program owner choice of speaker or at the very least academic vs community or MD vs mid-level, allowing virtual education/appointments across sites with the same customer, more ability to email content/mention subject of appointment request).
Company provides all the facilities to do the work with very comfortable
Marketing inputs on time
Hands tied behind back with numerous polices, RAT report. Our competitors are eating us for lunch and eating our lunch while we cancel appointments due to the 12  limit rule.
As a sales rep working solely off of an iPad is very cumbersome, tedious and does not allow for efficiency as much as if we had a laptop as well.
Requested inputs(patient awareness inputs) are not reaching us in time
THe policy 3 restrictions have severely impacted our ability to see our customers.  Also, from a virtual perspective, we do not have the resources that we need.
My team support and my experience makes my job to do well
I feel that I have a voice in requesting resources and providing feedback.
As per market we are not only short of resources we are out of resources. Very impractical approach SOP’S and guidelines are not facilitating the work.
Our IT/Tech infrastructure is less than ideal. Systems don't talk to each other. Systems are old and not very user-friendly. It takes way too long to bring new tech into the org. I see this is a big opportunity area for improvement. We need to be able to automate more and need 'smart' tech.
Software is available to be efficient the exception is issues with Salesforce vendor not focusing on end user in program design
Absolutely 0 shortage of resources here at Merck. The trouble may be finding them (can be a bit overwhelming there is so many, and oftentimes in a bunch of different places), but it's easy to find a person to ask who can help you find something. I know that I could ask anyone for help and they would, even if they don't know me at all - that's just what people are like here. I've only been here for about 3 years, but I've never met anyone who isn't willing to go above and beyond to help out a colleague... Truly an amazing company culture. It's about the people!
I think the RAT Tool is now outdated with most medical offices open for live interactions and most medical office personnel have been vaccinated. We do not have a full understanding of what data is looked at with regards to the RAT tool to designate green, yellow or red. Cities in my area are starting to not require masks and most of my offices are doing live lunches. Ive had to reschedule multiple times and cancel lunches due to virtual only requirements. The RAT tool needs to be removed. Both my kids go to live school and my spouse works in Pharma and she has been working live in the field for over 9 months. It seems a bit overkill that I am forced to stay home when I want to go out and work in the field.
Very slow in new resources coming out.., materials are very dated for the times,  not all resources available in all mediums... IVA  doesn't always translate to field email for every product and doesn't translate always to downloadable pdf's....So you can't always show something and also send it and also leave it....
With increasing responsibilities and growing competing priorities, my work performance is impacted negatively.
All our needs like RTPCR to enter other provinces to do our job are charge to our company.
Actually few things are not happening as per real market scenario.I wanted to draw the attention of organisation for one the important parameter.now we are facing challenges to do class 1 virtual event, because now we have instructed that the attendees  who have joined the virtual event they have to listen min 45 mins .Otherwise the event is getting canceled or speakers will  not be eligible for honourarium. This is totally impossible for us to implement for virtual event.Kindly look into the matter.
Resources are very limited with so much of restrictions
internet allowance is not enough to perform our work since it is pandemic. we highly utilize most of our time via web
During this pandemic, the company is very slow to adjust to the current situation when it comes to the platforms our doctors are willing to be engaged. Aren’t we supposed to be the ones adjusting to their needs not the other way around? We are so firm in just using Veeva App in engaging them while other multinational companies are very open to other platforms such as messenger where it is faster and easier for the doctors.
There are supportive team members and colleagues from other departments. However, I always need to have constant discussion with manager on how to prioritize work for myself, as handling too many routine & non-routine activities at one time is difficult to focus.
Depends on the job scope
our area has continued to find efficient and leaner ways of working with a number of  staff transitions to other opportunities and retirements, i feel the workload is higher than normal adding to work/life balance issues
My workload is too high and has been for quite a while. My manager is aware but does not know what to do about it.
I'm between disagree and neutral as I feel supported locally however, there are two major items of concern 1.) we make it extremely challenging to backfill existing positions therefore people are trying to do multiple jobs when there is movement and it is longer than it should be in order to justify/get approved while remaining headcount neutral 2.) the QSIP changes aren't well thought out or paced putting a lot of burden on sites to interpret expectations and adapt to many changes at the same time
The hiring process has slowed down since the pandemic and some roles are not being filled. This puts a lot of pressure on the people working hard to not only do their job but fill the gap
The training and resource to assist with doing my job is not clear or understandable for all to find the correct resource needed.
While i am given the resources from my department for my job, there is little support from higher management (above the department) on anything. They just say “do this” or “here’s a new project, bye!)
How we do things at Merck is as important as what we do. We seem to interpret what it means to be compliant with the rules which guide us quite differently from other companies who compete in the same space with the same rules. Executing with this interpretation restricts our sales and marketing engagement compared to our competitors.
Still some gaps in Business Systems Group (Lap Ops,Automation) & Facilities/GWES support model that are inhibiting progress or redirecting focus away from Science.
Work life balance is a constant challenge that changes from week to week or month to month. The employees often feel the pinch of growing pains when the workloads increase faster than staffing  & training new hires can accomodate. It is often the most experienced and high performing employees who suffer the consquences of this. Management seems to have trouble effectively responding to someone who is drowning in work. The onus is the employee to delegate and manage their time better when it's really management who needs to influence overall team workloads and pushing back timelines as needed.
I think the biggest challenge in regard to this question is knowing where to find the resources...
would appreciate more info coming from other parts of the company (Finance, MMD, MRL,...)
Pushed to keep doing more with less. Will not be sustainable if changes are not made to our current ways of working.
I am often worried about what each day will bring in the form of surprises. We are kept in the dark most of the time. I understand that there are things on a "need to know" basis. But a little information on our future, job security, and what to expect day to day would be nice. In addition I feel that my work-life balance is not there, and I do not feel that I can speak up to ask for help with that.
IT systems and applications are a burden to job performance.  Many significant changes in enterprise applications occurred in late 2020 / early 2021, it seems to address the deficiences: MS Teams, QualityDocs, RED, etc. are being introduced concurrently, while underlying issues with network speed, PC speed, etc.  are still present.  No one cares that my laptop has 100% CPU utilization and 80% plus memory utilization, etc.  IT wants to implement the latest and greatest solution, such as MS Teams, which rolled out with no training or transition plan, and has not solved anything.  How about Knowledge Management?
The resources/processes provided make the job harder to do.
For the most part I feel I have the resources I need to do my job well. However, there are have been a few moments that come to mind that I did not feel HQ had set me up for success with resources when rolling out a new launch and when getting responses to questions from the field. For instance, marketing materials were not available to support all forms on field engagement at the time of the new launch limiting the customer interactions that could occur. In addition, one of the materials for stakeholders did not take into account the customer and the image was not appropriate for this type of customer. Lastly, there were numerous questions in regard to a pricing action and to this date there has not been any follow through on the answers to these questions. I have shared all of these items with my CTL and I feel well supported by her and her efforts to move these items forward, but it is at times frustrating because I do not have the items I need to engage with certain customers.
We have excellent resources at Merck and certainly with the ability to now remotely engage with customers is a fantastic resource at the right time.  The issue I have is that customers do not respond to the fact we have the resource or can do remote meetings, they respond to quality content that interest them.  Currently, the information we share is ok, but not good in that its so watered down by compliance our information is pretty generic and therefore what we are legally allowed to discuss and present is as well.  I believe good representatives can make up for a lot however but I do believe we could improve in this area with content that is more interesting.
We are lacking in technology hardware. We are too restrictive on travel and RAT-based field time.
Again, we need more resources to effectively communicate with providers in a virtual world.
It would be great if we had more non-branded programs with general disease overview, various tumor types etc.  Also, t is challenging to navigate the partnership with AZ counterparts with the differing rules/regulations regarding programs.  Additional Merck owned resources for Lynparza in the WC space would be helpful in my role as a WC OSR.
There is a real need for better IT support. Especially with only having an iPad to work on.
Response is related to staffing and amount of new folks we have throughout organization
Many of the VEEVA emails do not have the content that providers will open. Patient profiles will not be opened. We have given this feedback to marketing, but keep getting patient profile emails. Also, the drop down boxes on many VEEVA emails is not appropriate to the virtual environment. We need more flexibility to mention a disease state only in our emails with customers. Sending cryptic emails for Awareness months and to set up virtual or live appointments without being able to mention either the disease state or the product is tough. Let us mention one or the other in those emails. Computers have been harped on since they were taken away, so I won’t belabor the point other than to say, we need computers to be able to do our jobs efficiently.
As noted in all of my previous answers, being on the sales team, we are being asked to do a job with our hand tied behind our back.
We have a lot of resources but we are limited to what they can contain which puts us behind the eight ball compared to our competition.
The 12 meals per physician/account per year is taking away one of the best resources I have to get in front of my customers!
Based on my current tenure at Merck , it is great to know that i  have the resource and support i need to be successful and contribute to the great cause the company and department is working towards
The marketing teams have done a great job getting us the eResources and print resources we need with relevant information timed around product launches and strategic priorities.
we need to adopt to the current situation. MSD is too stiff at times in implementing what is most appropriate for the situation
I feel that the company supports us well even through this pandemic.
All resource are available at merck site for personal as well as professional developments and that we can help us to perform our job well.
Careful planning of resources and ensuring an equitable distribution is critical
Resource are allocated as per your personal relationship with manager not on reasonable arguments
We need more resources and staff, many staff are doing roles of other people just to get the job done
There should me more motivating success factors.
support from immediately manager is very important to build on this.
shortage of people resource, due to outflow over to Organon
Priority setting is an issue; we work on many development project, no priorities are set, we just hope some fail in the clinic
As my position is new, proper training SOP needs to be inplace
complicated with new organisation, organon/MSD
Merck does a nice job of suppling amply resources, whether educational to help be a better assets to your doctors. Or personally to help develop your personal growth
- I do have resources but i still feel that we need more - No clear onboarding
Extremely short staffed. while this is somewhat being addressed in the long term as more staff are being hired, it will take time to train them. More can still be done long term by hiring more staff than we currently are.  There currently is no short term fix in place.
This isn't meant to be a negative comment about the financial resources that the London site has been provided with - by and large we have what we need. What is more difficult is that operational resources are lacking, resulting in scientists far too often needing to use their time to fill the gaps. Part of this is simply the reality of the company re-learning how to run a research centre in the UK, and I have faith that, with time, the issue will be resolved.
Need more resources and support from support team, functions involved in processes.
The answer will depend on how you define "my job". Does it include all required internal "Admin" tasks? An example; I don't have the knowledge or the resources to check on payments.
People are my resources and if they have been here for a long period of time they are not held to the highest of standards and have caused great issues because of procrastination and unwillingness to help the team.
I am in field sales.  We currently all use the same size i-pad.  It would be nice to have the larger screen i-pad.  Using the i-pad so much is putting such a strain on our eyes.  Maybe, using the larger i-pad would help to reduce some of that strain. Also, maybe they could cover up to $40 on our cell phone bills.  Market prices keep going up.
We need more dollars for Live and Remote FFMs. Our Marketing information is stifled.
Need more samples. Merck continuously only gives me 2-4 steglatro and steglujan and thus, I cannot give enough to providers. Belsomra as well
MDG seems to have no accountability with months on getting a process for supplier registration to approve.  Sourcing has to chase them and even with continuous escalation it still takes months.  MDG should be chasing us not the other way around.  Please fix this issue.
money to automate processes and get headcount are not available
We are given the resources to be successful but during this time of Covid our barriers are ever changing
I am very grateful that in MSD, we are fully equipped with the resources needed for us to work efficiently and effectively.  The different tools of trade, marketing budget for our programs and other forms of support for the overall well-being of the employees.
I am a full time Union Safety Rep and I hear about changes after they are decided on and I feel I have no ability to make an impact
In some respects, I believe that there should be more thought and consideration into the type of resources procured to help achieve the results of the job.  - communications: Phone technology can be considered differently - tool of trade vehicle: more consideration into the type of vehicle for safety, practicality and comfortability. As field staff, the vehicle is our office and I believe we aren’t heard enough about our concerns with current tool of trade vehicle options and more thought can be given to addressing our needs to make life on the road that little bit nicer and to feel more appreciated for the hours we do spend on the road.
Resources do expire over time.  I believe we have good mechanisms to stay ahead of these as much as possible.
No access to a laptop, impossible to ONLY use an iPad and be expected to look at business in spreadsheets that cannot be saved or sorted in certain APPs.   And look at a TINY iPad screen all day.
In the monitoring space there is more advance systems we could be using and easier platforms that would make time and monitoring easier
I'm too new in my current role at this time.
Approval procedures, especially run through times, continue to slow down projects.
Merck has a strong network of  knowledgeable SMEs. Half the battle is trying to locate them.
As far as lab resources and mentorship, absolutely. The issue for me has been lab space- the work I am supposed to do has run into a brick wall because we cannot find a space that can accomodate us.
Resource allocation and distribution could be improved.  There are complex processes among project management teams and then very lean scientific teams -sometimes seems a mismatch.  Simplification and looking at content over process seems an area for improvement.
I understand that compliance is important and necessary. In our efforts to remain highly compliant the rules that must be adhered to can appear as a sales impediment. A small example is being able to send an email to an HCP that gives a better description of the appointment request. The non-VEEVA space can seem like a spam request if you have never met the provider.
This is nuanced question. In some instances, I have the resources. In other instances, I do not.
Could be improved.  On-site responsibilities are regularly halted for lack of printer supplies, and getting them to the area takes a support ticket, an e-mail, and sometimes a trip across the site.  It's not very fluid.  We are also limited by the software applications that are available to do some of the tasks at hand.
Need more coupons and vouchers for products in office, we are moving to virtual every thing but our customers are not.
My Manager is wonderful, my team is wonderful.  The problem is the work load is crushing us.  Especially with everything going on.  It seems everything get's priority when half the things aren't even that important.  Sr. Leadership says take a break, take care of your family etc.  Yet the middle layer is still pushing every project.  Half of them won't see the light of day because of budgets yet we still waste cycles chasing them.  I think there is some disconnect between Sr. Management and the middle layer that needs to be ironed out.  Unless, the top message is just for show? I'm not sure anymore.  Just a thought.
We need better resources especially during a launch mode. Better resources around managed care, MAP guidance, etc.
In general, I agree about having the resources needed to do the job.  A couple of areas that have been a challenge include the re-entry tracker, as my county, for reasons unknown to me, has been red the vast majority of the pandemic.  I’ve missed out on, and have had to cancel, in person meetings and exhibits with my customer because of this.  Additionally, the inability we have to mention a product name or cancer type in a non-promotional email, has been even more of a challenge to get responses to during the pandemic.  It would be helpful to have more flexibility with email, while still being compliant.
With the tight budget, it is hard to achieve on objectives.  I cannot deliver on new targets if the money isn't there to do scientific experiments.
Technology is sub-par. My work laptop is slow, and frequently has issues that hinder my daily work. Newer, upgraded computers would be appreciated by all!
PC/Computer. Yes.
Currently, yes. Not always in past here.
Field sales could really use laptops
Limitations while emailing customers is unacceptable.  I cant mention my product, disease state or anything that identifies me to a customer I do not know.  Customers don’t open our emails unless they already know us.  In this virtual environment, Merck puts all reps at a huge disadvantage with compliance restrictions.  Why cant we mention our product and include a PI? I cant email an oncology nurse with anything relevant that I need to discuss.  They are so busy they cannot take phone calls.  Plus the limitations on the new PDGs, vPDGs, etc are beyond acceptable.  Customers are getting angry with reps for bugging them via phone (because we are red on the RAT tool, or the offices are not letting reps in) as we attempt to get 10 RSVPs.  Most events are cancelled and some providers try to dial in only to find no program.  They are accustomed to RSVPing at the last minute or not at all but still planned to attend.
Seem resources are being spread to many groups to support buildings and causes groups in the buildings to spend more time working with them to make improvements because the group from outside the building doesn’t have/take full responsibility for any changes (e.g. valve job plans are being updated and building specialist have to sign the forms but didn’t see what changes were being done and the new job plans are much longer and more confusing to follow. I think it would be better if the outside group signed). By having the resources report to different managers than who is in the building, the goals don’t always align and/or the evaluations and suggestions for improvement are done in one group, goes up that chain of command, leaders talk, goes down the building chain of command, and there are just so many ways improvements are not implemented, implemented poorly, or made but not conveyed to building specialist.
Sometimes it takes too long to get resources approved.  For example, I sell Keytruda for the endometrial indication and we haven’t had a detail aid for quite some time now, so we have to dental off the PI.
I feel we are resource challenged.  The company doesn't reset resources to align with the changing priorities.
I am completely overloaded with work and everyone keeps getting help to do little things, but I just keep getting more responsibilities. There is little respect or acknowledgment for the amount of work I do and the efforts I put forth.
Resource availability has improved in the last few years.
I do have resources to perform my work but I do not have enough time to do all what is required without putting in too many extra hours
Going completely green is not the best way to go in our industry.  We need leave behinds as well and every couple of years update current brochures or create new relevant pieces.
I do have the materials to do what i needs to be done, however i am getting a bit overworked
In order to help remove waste from our processes we often find that a digital solution (e.g. reports from SAP  or other system) would be most helpful.  Due to the long lead time and cost associated with this, we tend to dismiss the countermeasure that would be most impactful in terms of increased productivity.
There are many changes to systems and processes implemented continually that has caused an enormous administrative burden in my role.
Physical resources, yes. Middle Management has GOT to pull back on the amount of email and virtual administrative work now that we are recovering and customers are opening up. I make the choice many days between administrative assignments versus customer interactions.
execution resources regarding systems and processes are confusing or ambiguous
There is no feeling of success in the daily grind, and the expectation changes suddenly with little addition of resources. When additional resources are requested the support departments do not support.
The Merck computer and it limits. No storage on hard drive. The current pickup I have has a camper shell. When I get a wheels vehicle. The camper shell is not an option. No flexibility to change.
While the resources are present, sometimes, commitments are just as important as resources. We dont have commitments all the time, so doing my job well becomes time taking and frustrating.
We have great resources but sometimes we don’t have access to the quantities we need or languages.
With the Organon split HC has been reduced by 50% yet not 50% of the work went away.  The portfolio of products being spun off did not warrant that level of effort.  Plus still so much work to support the split that will spill over post spin.  Much more difficult than the New Co Stand up team prepared for plus they did not fully engage others so the impact was not understood or planned for..
Our NBE team has adding a number of great and supportive resources, that aid in both virtual and follow up to direct interactions.
I have the learning resources I need to do my job, but the department as a whole is under-resourced in terms of headcount, which is causing people to take on extra responsibilities that are outside of their typical scope of work. Because of this, it seems that some people are struggling to find resources to do those extra responsibilities, especially on top of their current job. The new hires seem to also struggle to find the right resources (even though those resources exist) mainly because it is hard to find the time to get them up to speed since everyone is so busy.
Capital project execution continues to be resource (people) constrained. Understandable, as it hits the company bottom line differently than production, but an ambitious capital plan needs execution resources.
Too many technology issues and constant changing of programs slows down productivity.
I feel that I do have all the resources needed to perform my job well, however the resources are scattered across multiple platforms and different sites.  It would be extremely helpful to have a one stop shop for all of our scientific resources that allows for easy navigation of the topics.
There is a strong variety of resources to help support our jobs, along with , our customers needs.
Not having the bandwidth to get the multiple projects done have been very challenging.
Some IT solutions could be improved upon. Voice from the site level.
Resources could be organized better (easier to find), but that is to be expected at a large company with so many different projects and resources.
Would like to have a working relationship with medical team. Need a laptop.
I am finding more emphasis on title which prevents me from overcoming hurdles.  I have to bring in an Exec Director to make the same arguments I make in order to gain agreement on a path forward
There are several limitations that could be improved at the rep level. Many of us have caps on our Data at our homes and may live in areas that do not support fast WiFi service. With working from home at times and system updates, it takes considerable data usage and band with to accomplish. WE NEED A SET AMOUNT TO EXPENSE that can help offset these costs. AT & T charges me $50 every time I go over my limit. In a given month i can incur an additional $50, $100 to $150 out of my own pocket. Yes some of that data is personal but there is a work component and a monthly offset would be appreciated.   I am not always able to do everything I would like at home because I just don’t have the service to do so and having to spend time at a coffee shop these days is not practical since most places don’t let you sit and work due to COVID.
We are very limited on resources due to compliance
Equipment is always a limiting factor of our performance
Support for resources is hard to ask for due to fear of negative consequences
In general, I have never been unable to do my job due to a lack of resources.  The one resource we lack is sufficient time and people (in PRT in particular) given the substantial opportunities we have in Oncology.  Besides this, I feel I have more than adequate resources to do my job.
Covid challenges
I have always been short on headcount, which has not improved in 10 years, in spite of my accomplishments.  It factored on my decision to retire early.
I have the tools I need. IT systems could be more up-to-date
At time materials are slow to be delivered and this hampers my productivity. In addition to this access programs have been slow to be actioned and this hampered access into the market.  Our competitors deliver access programs early and as such have built loyalty and gained market share.  By not doing this MSD has not been competitive or delivered solutions to unmet patients needs.
In the age of technology, we need to make sure employees are equipped with speed (well equipped computer hardware) and ease of accessibility (for connecting devices like headphones, speakers, etc).  Clear instructions should be accessible for troubleshooting connecting devices to Merck computers.  After over a year of WFH, we still have issues trying to connect headphones, earbuds directly to Merck computers.
Allowing private car with car allowance as an option would make a great difference
Thru the eyes of my customers, my resources are limited. Much more limited than my peers at other top oncology companies
Our clinics were promised puppy kits for purchasing Bravecto/Sentinel on our Jan/Feb promotion and they are not being executed to the field or in the hands of clinics in a timely manner.  Solutions have been given to marketing but unanswered
The organization requires solid justification for resources, but they are approved if justified.
Study manager support remains an issue to execute projects. This remains a limited resource.
Merck/MSD is a very complex network and I find difficulties in finding connections when I need something. I always have to come to my manager and that may delay my work.
Equipment for working from home was provided
I do feel supported to perform my individual duties however sometimes feel like programs do not have enough scientists to support the planned activities. I feel that some program leaders want as much done as possible rather than planning a more streamlined plan of work that is focussed on program progression. Equally, early targets would benefit from additional support to allow for important TIDVAL activities to be performed in a more prioritised fashion
The resources are good clinical study, promotional material, etc.
New and cutting edge resources are regularly being updated to improve the work settings
There is a lot of turnover in the operations department that makes it difficult to do the job. People are constantly being trained and it takes away resources from other activities. The headcount should be increased in the departments to account for this turnover. Allowing specialists to be promoted to managers without the 4 year restriction would provide more opportunities for people to join the department with tech ops experience since they are more willing to switch with a promotion.
Still more clarity can be provided by HR In bridging the gap of knowing of learning portals. Ways and means available for people at MSD
Depends on what is meant by "resources". There is a ton of compliance and other policy training. There are opportunities for special projects to grow your professional experiences and knowledge. We have a foundational resources for discussions with external clinicians, however, most of those are pretty basic in terms of scientific and clinical information.
For years I worked in a R&D lab which is poorly equipped. When there is an investigation so much time is spent in searching for tools instead of focusing straight on the lab work. Management did not do anything for a long time to improve the situation, and did not give a sense of openness to feedback. Oftentimes this led to chemists staying very late and exposes themselves to unsafe conditions.
Our infrastructure is too reliant on manual processes for the era in which we are in.  To be market competitive moving forward, we need to reduce the number manual process steps.
I think we could open up our way of thinking in the past and present to compete better with how the veterinary industry is shifting-contracts, promote etc.
Although the tools are in place to perform the tasks, they are not implemented in a manner that allow the most efficient use.
Our machines constantly have issues which delay our processes.
some times is hard to navigate your way thru a job aid that points to another job aid  to find the way to get something done with out having to go thru a whole document to do simple step.
We should have the option to have a laptop to improve productivity.
In general I agree, however most above site initiatives I have seen have added extra resource needs and complexity - this needs to change if we are to be competitive in future
This varies by department. In my current department the answer is yes. In my previous department, that would be no.
I need a office chair
Recent changes have disrupted options
If and when they are accessed.
I am impeded by too much process that doesn't bring value to the business and there are activities/problems that need to be solved that aren't because we are too siloed, too function/matrix heavy, and there is too much management tax that doesn't bring value to the business
The RAT tool, limiting number of customer meals per year and eliminating alcohol at dinner programs strongly impact the ability for OSARs to execute goals
The restrictions of 12 FFMs per customer per year prevent the 7 reps that cover my territory from being able to access our targeted HCPs.  When asked during the past 2 expansions, we told HQ that there were too many of us already.  7 OSRs, 1 CTL, 1 OKAM, 3 surround sound reps are more than is viable in the average community based territory.   Also, the limit of 25 attendees at virtual interactions has caused us to cancel multiple opportunities to speak with targeted physicians.
STOP MAKING CHANGES TO SYSTEMS WITHOUT UNDERSTANDING IMPACT TO END USERS.  What seems great in a human power rich environment is debilitating on the shop floor.  Especially at small sites.
I understand how strenuous the system integration has been for my co-workers & superiors within my department, & even in other departments of Allflex. I also know it is necessary & important for the future of the business. The extensive amount of time that has been asked of them to focus on the integration has affected the rest of the Customer Service Dept. & the other departments as well & it is felt. I have taken on many additional roles & responsibilities to help the department stay afloat. There is still not enough time in the day to complete all of the additional day-to-day tasks & responsibilities I have been given. If I did not work through my lunch break & after 5pm almost everyday, there would be no physical way I could manage 3 territories, 100+ accounts, effectively & efficiently. I know the company is going through "growing pains" but in all honesty, I cannot wait for the day that our department can operate business as usual with evenly distributed roles & responsibilities.
I actively seek them out myself but I feel they are not readily available. If anything, scrutiny and criticism is abundant in this department.
Updated iPads would be useful and less restrictions on meeting with customers. Merck has made great strides
Support and resources are minimal at best. It is very sad for such a wonderful company to have inexperienced or clicky managers who can't make this happen even with ample warnings and reminders from team members. There is no need to label staff who question managers as troublemakers and bad mouth them to others. All members have something to contribute & deserve inclusion. Your point of view should not be grounds for retaliation or punishment.
Job Performance
decision-making process
Climate change and the impact of industry on the environment.
Work Life Balance
I am not concerned about any of these items listed
Not being able to keep up with the volume of work coming through
Rate of progression
I do not have any major concerns for my own well being, in my dept we are able to exercise a very healthy work life balance. And I always have great support in my role
Recognition and Rewards --- differentiation of recognition from various functional team which some are generous and some are not.   Long Service Awards >10 years are depressing as compared to other MNC.  Not sure if MSD/MERCK discourages employee to stay loyal and work beyond 10 years milestone?
The deterioration of the company's culture and general lack of willingness to work as one.
Our current superannuation and insurance policy discriminates against people over 65.
The department as implemented too many changes in a short period of time without adequate training, my job as become too administrative.
Money
work life balance. balance between physical and mental health. not only for myself, it only works if the company supports such mindset
Work life balance
Extremely slow or little career progression. Been here for close to 3 years without any form of career advancement (promotion, leading a team, moving to a new role) despite successful and exceeding expectation performance record in consecutive years.
Product pipeline and our ability to develop effective medicines and vaccines.
There is nothing currently that I am overly concerned about.
Money
Being able to return back to normal living
Diversity, equality and inclusion - accessibility for all
Quality of remote job
I feel uncomfortable with the shift rotations.
Work load balances
work-life balance
Certain processes in MSD could be more lean & effective or pragmatic. Some platforms used are more outdated and less intuitive.
My manager and CLTs have the final decision in all situation. Despite feedback that market is performing poorly, management does not want to accept.
Important for Manager to spend time in talking to his direct report as to how the staff need to develop to move to the desired career aspiration. Important to create awareness on the gap and help the staff to develop and close the gap.
I think these 3 will help or will be a factor on how i will work well.  I need a good health to be able to work well or even exceed what is expected of me. by doing so I would be able to contribute a lot to the company n terms of on time and efficient deliveries of my work.
1. Financial Benefits 2. Growth Opportunities
How to stay positive and motivated to perform better.
work life balance
Other companies are offering more remuneration and MSD increases are slow. The same 2 people have been receiving the exceeding expectations bonuses due to favouritism and they are both based at head office. Regional staff don’t get the same opportunities.
I understand that SOP should be followed strictly. Anyway I see that our SOPs are more strict than Prema. I worry about business competitiveness
Career at work
Future of the subsidiary as all we keep hearing about, is an inordinate amount of focus on high priced products, with LOW EXPENSES that the local market cannot support financially.
Leaders and managers forgetting the limitations to perform my job well due to the job nature of my role. More than often my department was blamed.
more resources focused on employees life and health need to be implement, such as free gym, canteen, and something like that at least for headquarters in each region.
Digital can reap huge business benefits, more resources required for that.
Concern for personal safety when making business trips with the strong anti-Asian sentiment in the US.
Building relationships with colleagues.
Leaders that I have interacted so far including my current manager tend to put in a lot of effort in managing up until the extend the free flow of information is filtered and compromised. This is a great concern as messages that reach senior management is what the leaders think the senior management want to hear and prefer.
My biggest concern as an employee of MSD is the disconnect between our corporate rhetoric and our corporate actions. This relates specifically to our focus on profits even when it results in increased morbidity and mortality.   Take vaccines as an example. Moving RotaTeq doses from low income markets to high income markets during a shortage results in a disproportionate impact.on outcomes.  The same could be said about MMR, Gardasil and PPV23.  Another example is Keytruda, where leadership are advocating crowd funding as a way of addressing affordability in middle income markets. IRelying on charity to be able to access cancer treatment is not addressing the underlying issue.  A final example is on pricing, where low-middle income countries are being asked to pay similar prices to high income markets. For example, the Philippines has 1/15th the income of Singapore, yet have to pay prices that are 75% of the price in Singapore for nationally funded schemes.   Equality v equity
Fair treatment from management
that we might be forced to report back to the office while we are still supporting homeschool for our children
Information are not well shared among teams within department
The way of working, no very tight timeline
Career growth & chance to Grow within organization across Function/Dept
Inequities across divisions/functions, wrt job mapping/levelling.
Work/Personal Life Balance
Many times I worry about my team members, whether they will stay in MSD for long time since we can't predict the business results during this COVID time. the sales results is not consistent because of the pandemic. I'm afraid that MSD will decide to end the team in the future. Due to the WFH mode, we also have longer working time and it's quite difficult to separate private and professional life.
Career growth/advancement
remaining in the same position, even after 10 years..no job growth or opportunity.
Iam working in VIJAYAWADA in metabolics for the past 8yrs i achieved MDs club award for 4 yrs 3 yrs consistently achieved it ,7 yrs did more than 100%. missed only 1 yr.But still iam in secured about my job in MSD reason LOE of Januvia.but iam confident that I still can sell Januvia or any brand of MSD with my relationship with my HCPs .and I know MSD Is really good organization they will not remove employees just like that.
Managers are too much busy and they are not able to take care of  resource issue and operation issues that are happening at their team on time.
Workplace injustice and professional harassment
Financial security
My next move and career progression.
It has become challenging at this Pandemic. Situation
Increments ( Not as per performance). Equating is the policy of the company. Giving everyone something is not logical but discriminating people who have done well.
Discrimination & harassment by my BM Ms Radha Grover & ZBM Mr Sandeep Nayyar & BUD Ms Sukriti Krishna Soni
Employee benefit becomes lessen and lessen for these past 2 years.
long-term vocational development
Very immature  Area Bussiness Manager
the amount of new SOPs rolled out
Direction and a voice that will represent the team.
Workload and burnout due to longer work hours
Staying connected to co-employees when everyone is working remotely.
I have all of my routines shaped to working from home by now and I would like to limit office time with the end of shutdown or at least be flexible and coming to the office only in case of business need
Sadly, I feel like it is still not fully safe to speak up, and there are many serious issues that may be happening that are not brought to light.
work life balance is key concern
GHH resources especially in small markets have drastically decreased during the past 10 years while our internal processes have become more complex and demanding. Colleagues are very stressed as everyone wants to work in a compliant way but doing that and making a business impact with external stakeholders with current resources is extremely burdening. Quite often over half of project time is spent on internal issues instead of maximising the impact of our activities with external stakeholders.
quality of life
internal career opportunities vs external opportunities
What our society will look like after this pandemic; how long we will still need social restriction
working 100% remotely, distance from colleagues, low possibility of meeting F2F/travel.
future perspectives to grow to another position
To high workload and to many project going on in same time.
Intense workload, not having enough flexibility in the workplace (flexible arrangements)
Impact of human behaviour on nature
A lack of transparency in terms of my future within the organisation.
The way my position evolves into.
Work-life balance
In covid-19 times, MSD India is forcing us to return to workplace and I feel scared of doing that, i want to be able to do work from home till this global pandemic is over.
Other: work/life balance, layoff (of others) me getting their/additional workload
Work /life balance
gender injustice. I see lack of female in the leadership. Both male and female are on the same spot at the entry level, but why only a few females make it to the top?
Work-life balance
Project insecurity - changing IT budget every month, it's hard to focus on long-term features to ensure good architecture decisions and long term planning to support 10+ year clinical programs reliably, we have to struggle to change decisions every 3 months to fit changing priorities, despite IT budget being only a very small fraction of the whole expenses on clinical research.
Burn-out
I am not very concerned at all.
The lack of global perspective in the company, just look at these alternatives. 99% US biased
private commitment that is happening at the same time as my main priorities this year. That COVID never seem to pass.
That for most things you have to search the right people and that it's not covered by processes so you waste time and resources searching, asking, explaining, just to be directed to someone else starting everything again.
My teams growth and post pandemnic / WFH arrangements longer term
Development and future Progress .
too much inclusion does actually exclude others
In this time with COVID 19 we have not  recived any monetary help to pay light, water, central heating, etc. when We are working at home. Thanks
Promotion is pending for a year now.... starting to bug me
relationship with people in my team.
prevent burnout, stay sane, stay healthy.
I am not feeling compensated well and I do not understand how the grades and position levels are attributed to roles
Career prospects and degree of empowerment.
Direction of the company after the spin-off of Organon.
Developmental and learning opportunities
work-life balance
Opportunities for career progression.
Work-life balance Stress (too high of a workload)
Flexibility to be able to work from abroad given how the world of work is evolving with the Covid-19 pandemic.
priorities, workload, efficiency, quality of work
I am worried about losing good colleagues. I am very dependent on my colleagues and the stability and insights they provide for our current ambitious business goals, and there has been quite a lot of change to the personel group in the last 6 months in our affiliate. I feel there is a broad sense of frustration with how people are awarded and who we choose to "protect" - and that managers/HR aren't listening nor reacting.
to find development oppotunities within Merck
RESTER POSITIF ET CONSTRUCTIF EN AYANT UNE VISION LA PLUS CLAIRE POSSIBLE SUR LE FUTUR
Restrictions driven by pandemics and their justification
too much of admin work that doesn't allow to focus on what matters.
Managing conflicting priorities between work and home and coping with the return to commuting in addition.
establishing a good work/life balance after a very hectic period (Covid and changes due to Organon spin-off)
My retrenchment
Too many projects, there is a desire to run all but not all can be run at same time, clear portfolio management is a bit lagging
work-life balance
If new manager can fulfill team expectations.
WFH long term
When questions are related to Manger, it is hard to answer because in MSD we do not have one manager, we have more than 1 managers, so it is confusing whether you will referrer to functional manager or Admin manager. If both managers have different attitude and working style , you may like one and may not like other, so when we take survey , don't know which manager we need to keep in mind.
Retirement is important to me.  So retirement planning is a high priority
I feel people working in USA get more opportunities than other countries.
Personal development in the form of a study with company support.
My professional development
Transparency
Being away from my family is putting a lot of stress on my marriage. And being a weekend dad is not good for my family
Other - keep my team motivated.
Current situation in home office (which i dislike very much)
Too many workloads. Too many simultaneous priorities. Too many new policies, procedures and guidelines, especially following the separation of HH and GMSA. The empowerment of markets (WoW) is not really implemented and respected: we must increasingly ask for approvals from the Global, requests for exceptions. It is necessary to justify all the time a decision of procedures, process implemented locally. It is necessary more and more to justify and obtain the approval of the Global which goes against Empowerment.
Work/Life balance especially when in current environment of working full time from home
Work & Life Balance Hours and days of work
Bureaucracy slowing down our decisiviness
being left alone with my work as my current team is working rather in siloes then in the team, I am supporter so not always included - I am stuck at home with no interaction with other people and this is really frustrating
Also concerned about speed of vaccination.
More homeoffice in the future
About bureaucratic internal processes that sometimes make my job hard and my goals difficult to reach
I am based in a small country in Europe. I have set up a working station at my home and all of the equipment (electronic desk, printer, etc) I have had to buy myself. It would be nice to have some sort of compensation because I only need it for my work. Also being from a very small country I do not feel I have equal career opportunitites compared to some of my colleagues from bigger countries even if we work cross border in our cluster. New positions have been placed into countries with more people although we can very effectively work remotely. We were not even invited to apply :(
Choosing to correct next step in my career
Balancing work with personal life and that there are few opportunities to achieve another job role
Being visible to get the recognition, how I'm perceived by my peers, work life balance seems to suffer to 'prove' one self to a glass ceiling
Environmental issues, global warming, the state of the worlds wildlife and pollution
Re Other : at present MSD is going through rough times (pandemic. Organon spin-off with many new people in new positions) which gives an uneasy feeling and feeling of disconnecting.
Our company is becoming a political company. There is too much involvement in many issue and not all share the same opinion. It could cause issue in employees relationships and it cause also frustration.
Resourcing remains an issue: important items are de-prioritized due to resource (headcount) constraints. This results in people having to work overtime routinely.
to work completely home-based  (no office) and to become disconnected not having personal contact with colleagues
Inability to experiment with technology /  Apps under IT constraints with any interaction with office 365. Taking rapid decisions based on a good rational
salaries lower than at other companies in the industry
Work/Life balance
It is a strange world we are living in, and strange things are happening. But I try not to much bother about this as there isn't much I can do about it. I just have to take care of myself and my animals
my team well being and resources
Level of innovation, underperforming R&D engine - e.g failures in COVID space, need new levels of partnerships around data/analytics and digital
Family and older relatives wellbeing due to Covid. Also would like to see many of the remote working options available post covid particularly those that drive effienincy such as remote meetings and phone calls
Work life balance
Ridiculous idea to remove GIFs from our systems!  Anyone that used these inappropriately, would be approached and dismissed, I would imagine!  I used these throughout the pandemic, to wish Happy Birthday, Happy Wedding Day - New Babies, etc., etc.!  Feel that there's a level of trust gone there!
I worry about my anxiety and metal stress from so much working at home, and so much admin and process. I feel like a data processor alot of the time and it is completely de-moralising.
Getting back some kind of normality. The speed for Covid-19 vaccination is most insecure in my home country Switzerland. It seems that for the company only US employees are in focus and the rest of the world is not important.
It is important to focus and look forward to 2025, but we all need to learn to need to live in the "here and now" and take some time each day to appreciate this day.
Workload, not enough resources to get the work done, the percentage of 1 year contracts (contractors) is too high to perform well also in the future(loss of time and resources if people constantly leave) and to keep knowledge within department
Lack of funding for my area of work
Working arrangements after COVID - is remote working going to become a way of life for some teams?
Career development/career path
Secure the company business flow and Success
Working from home so often allows me to better balance work and private life
Travel and being able to get back to work after vaccination asap.
LT decisions being made in isolation and low (visible) focus on Talent Development
Most current updates relates to the new Quality docs system I don't think its as efficient as what we previously had in terms of  new updates.
Climate change and it's impact on particularly my son's future
Censorship in our company. Latest in way of removing GIFs from MS teams. Justified that it can be hurtful. Car can be also hurtful if you drive it on the sidewalk. We are not gonna ban them are we? We should educate people not to be hurtful instead of censoring communication tools. How's that gonna stop someone from insulting anyone?
A couple of key concerns regarding MSD: 1) the ability for the company to ensure a long-term balanced growth potential, ie. not to be perceived to depend too much on Keytruda. 2) talent development in Finance: I would like to company to move faster and to take some additional risk to move people faster in bigger roles.  career progression tends to be very slow in finance.
Work Life Balance; ongoing calls, back to back meetings
As a new employee, I strive to fully join the team and be a useful and effective employee of the great local team and our company. I am absolutely sure that this is real goals!
Work life balance since returning to the office 3 days per week.  Parking stress is back.
Time of the commute to get to the workplace and back, that makes work-life balance difficult and not allowing to plan a family in the future. Also not having the possibility for a flexible work schedule (working from home sometimes in the future) scares me a lot
Maintaining work life balance post-COVID.  Mental health of entire team.
Improvement at work - that I might be able to make an elaborated improvement plan regarding something we need badly, but it will be hard to implement it since you do not know the right persons all the time. Also, the level of implication when it comes to do changes for a better good differ and people might become reticent, and defensive since this will imply additional work/undoing something that was a used for years
Not really job security, but more what work we will be doing in the future and how our roles will look like.
Work Life Balance
I feel their is no inclusion in the group. Male colleagues seem to get recognised for the same work i perform. Manager agree i over achived last year but gave "Success" in the AIP but yet both my male counterparts obtained "Over-Achieved". I was told Im a strong member of the team but yet the USA projects are always given to my male Counterparts. Their is good diversity in the group but lacking inclusion.
Concerned about the long term plans for the site I work at. Concerned for my safety as i do not feel there is adequate safety measures in place
Seeing feedback or implementation of suggested improvements that have been made and a more equal treatment of individuals within our team
Lack of opportunity for growth.
1. Working from home for too much longer 2. Another UK lockdown
Work Life Balance
I'm tired to work from home only. I need normal communication.
1) (other) It's more probable to be fired for improper joke than not working at all the whole year. 2) (work resouces) Home office sucks. I want to have an opportunity to go to office again. 3) Our company seems to get positioned itself to the left liberal progressive direction. I strongly disagree with this direction.
Not concerned
A bit worried about the return to the office - very excited to be going to Moorgate and having the option to work there, but concerned about the pressures that might come with mandated days that might not work for everyone, the expense of being in london etc
Lack of advancement opportunities  within the org
UK Fortify/Direct has been implemented but several issues which are impacting customer relationships
good communication, good management and leadership
The way we are organized in MMD. a lot of project / above resources are coming up with ideas that are often not well connected to what the business needs.
Feeling that what I do makes a difference to the company and my team.... as well as the way we over-consult/lack of empowerment to move things ahead
I have been with MSD for approx. 12 to 14 years of my working life. I used to enjoy coming to work and the role that I did, but find that the systems, processes and overall ways of working have become far too complicated. Currently suffering high levels of stress and considering changes in my working life/career because so unhappy in current role and department.  I have asked management for help and they try to give support.  I am hoping new hire into group may be able to help alleviate some of the issues that I am having.
Work-life balance, support in my role and stress management, isolation
Motivation and Team spirit in our team
Incompetent and insecure manager with poor job skills and poor people skills relying on excessive office politics and abuse of authority for their existence and progression - resulting in toxic dangerous fearful workplace. Good and competent people leaving the jobs making it even worse.
I  have never seen Brinny so out of control. The work culture is toxic, people are leaving because the workload /job stress is too high. Management do not see to care and delivery of projects trump quality and people all the time
The company is not introvert-friendly or introvert-inclusive. Too many meetings, open-plan offices, promotion of loud 'look-at me' types. 30% to 50% of the population are introverts. The % is probably higher in the scientific side of our organisation. The company needs to be better at listening to and addressing the preferred working styles of those require who deep focused worktime rather than showboating in meetings
Other:  Overall work life balance
Nobody is safe until everyone is safe
Work life balance
clear priorities with accelerated simplification of WOW
the future direction of my organisation and opportunities for development/progression within the company (of which there are few)
Not being able to meet compliance requirements even though I do all I can to live up to the standards. Processes are not supported by automatic measures/tjeck ins but are left to random/manual tjeck ins. This is a big risk since things can fall in between two chairs.
I don’t feel secure  I receive many indirect messages that I am old and the company needs new blood!
Feel that older people's experience is not valued anymore. Most of my colleagues are younger than me and they favour quick fix solutions but do not have the experience to understand the problems that can arise and if i try to tactfully point them out am seen as been clinging to past processes (I understand why the processes were designed in certain ways) i am very competent in technology and love developing more efficient approaches using it but am never involved in those teams.I feel that i will be forced to leave and get a job where my experience is more valued
Work from home support, future (if we will be back in the office or not), if the MSD will be competitive on the market in terms of sallaries
Environmental impact of our work. Wellbeing for the animals we work with.
Getting our teams successfully through Covid crisis, in particular in areas like Brazil!
Maintain good work-life balance in view of org changes; Stay connected while working from home
Other: Work-life balance across different time zones. As travel will not be able to happen for quite some time and probably not as much working in global teams means working extremely long hours, often 14-16 hours a day
The stress of the last year (projects rather than covid) are really starting to take their toll on employees, we're seeing people off on long term sick leave that seem to be contributed too by work load, senior leadership give the message about work/life balance but there isn't enough resource being allocated to ensure people have manageable workloads, because of this I expect more people being off with stress & anxiety.
Work life balance. Often bombarded with urgent timelines and meetings. Long meetings from morning to evening leading to one having to work very long hours. Inbalanced life which affects my health and family
Stress level, work-life balance.
Product quality and customer experience
Everything is already politicized these days. Sports, TV, Entertainment. Don't need politics to integrate into my work environment as well. Without politics it would be much easier to bridge gaps between each other, as we're viewing each other as individuals we're willing to interact with, instead of viewing the other as a representative of some political opinion, left right or center. It just puts a focus on differences.
Job opportunities.  Lack of opportunitIes will be the reason I leave MSD.
Work Life Balance
Work/Life balance
Balancing work/home life during the pandemic.
staying positive, minding mental and physical health
In MMD all support is facilitated within the silos. In R&D most support is facilitated by the people themselves next to their own job. Seems fine, although they neither get the right amount of time, resources or acknowledgment for this. Species organisation is even making colleagues into competitors...
I don't understand why employee/family vaccination is not considered as employee benefit and why this is lead to the local government only???? This is ridiculous! Countries, where do we operate, and where the coronavirus hit the most, should be able to get covid19 vaccination for employees and their families. Especially when we announced collaboration with J&J company in terms of covid19 vaccine manufacturing. Please re-consider it!
Work/life balance- what will be the plan when we go back to the office. I enjoy working from home.
Other: Professional development inside my division
Concerned: How this company claims that every person deserves a good manager, but actually does nothing about it. No skip-level meetings, nothing from HR when asked for support. Year-end process with comments, when your manager basically lies in this and did not do the effort to verify, it remains in there. Everyone has their skills, but if people management is poor, he/she should not get this responsibility or should be guided and supported by his manager with regular check ins. Not turn away and ignore it.
The transformation from hierarchical decision making to empowering
Not my problem attitude enjoys living inside Merck or MSD, complicated by processes that are not closed loop and by audits in pharmaceutical industry. It all causes most of the people take defensive position all the time and don't participate as bearers of their unique knowledge.
MSD's future performance given the current pipeline. Position of MSD in global pharmaceutical industry.
Disproportionally increasing cost of living compared to salary growth.
Climate Change
I think it is vital to work on the real empowerment of the employees, we are all highly qualified employees capable of making right decisions on a day-to-day basis. Each day we are more limited, with less freedom of action and more focused in the quantity (nor quality) and in the metrics which makes us have the perception of lack of confidence in our work.We are in a continuous process of exhausting change and the feeling is that policies do not take into account the real work that is done in the field
decline of biodiversity due to globalwarming deforrestation and other human activities. I am wondering how much desert we will have in 2050 and how healthy the green landscapes will be.
to get new and innovative ideas heard and considered by the higher managment
Being told that the company is worried about my health and wellbeing whilst at the same time reducing the number of staff and  increasing workload... it seems the company makes the 'right' statements but its actions shows it is not concerned abut it's staff
Dont have sufficient resource for workload, leading to overtime and lack of work life balance
I am worried about the vaccination strategy in Europe and about not getting the COVID 19 vaccination in my country of residence (Belgium) fast enough. The process is, to my mind,  far too slow and I would feel safer for myself and my family if vaccinated. Will the local MSD affiliate organize vaccination for staff or do we need to wait for the local authorities' long process ?
Stay motivated while working from home since I joined the company April 2020 without clarity when it will be possible to finally visit the site and see / meet colleagues.
lack of backfills leading to us being understaffed. This poses a big threat for us doing our work effectively, with risks of burnout and more departures
Doing a good job at MSD
MSD has too little resources to care for the employees. Too many employees are overloaded in work, admin tasks have no owners. Many leaders are not up to date regarding Norwegian rules and regulations and many mistakes are done. HR has only resources for large projects, so Human Relationship tasks are missing. Norway are not able to decide what is best for the country, as guidelines comes globally and everyone must follow the same processes even though this is not the best for the company nor the most economically. Differences in benefits and use of Inspire. The MSD culture is not the same (maybe due to Covid) but will be lost when we move to Oslo.
Even though the senior executives constantly say that the employees' well-being is most important, the company is not bearing this out in its actions.  In moving all employees into activity-based work systems (ignoring the emotional and psychological impact this has on employees as ABWS does not work for every function), removing employee benefits like parking (and asking employees to find and pay for their own parking after deciding to move the offices into the most costly part of town), not providing any financial support to employees for the additional expenses they have to personally bear by working from home, the company management's statements about employees being their top priority seem to be tongue-in-cheek and insincere.
I'm concerned about the stress that several colleagues have been exposed to the last year (mostly related to the NewCo project but to some extent due to the COVID-19 pandemic).
career progression and interdivisional moves / collaboration
Work-Life Balance and the expectations of leadership are the most prominent concerns at work for me
The company should move from being America-centric towards a more global enterprise. While racial inequalities are quite common in USA, there might be other more burning topics elsewhere. Some of the trainings should be more tailored as non-US person might feel lost in the cultural references throughout the material and the training have the opposite effect of what was originally intended (they promote discord and frustration among workforce that is not capable of grasping the significance of the topic in their cultural setting).
Work life balance during pandemic
My wellbeing & ongoing management of stress. I do believe talks the culture of wellbeing, but seeing the results of the previous pulse survey with wellbeing and stress both in the red, there is definitely something wrong and while Merck/MSD talks the talk, not sure they walk the walk across the organization.
Longing to see the end of the pandemic situation. Restart on site support.
Environmental and climate issues
Work Life balance
Opportunity to contribute aligned to my strongest capability
Isolation due to COVID restrictions
raise my the income
Covid vaccines being distributed fairly and swiftly around the world, and for local vacinations to be completed globally as quickley and smoothly as possible
Getting promoted
Be able to manage work life balance successfully
headcount not enough and hiring freeze
to get exciting projects at work. experience both work and personal develop
Western economies are stuck in a situation where corporations and their lobbying power have moved citizens to second place. e.g. Corporate tax paid in the US last year accounted 7% of tax revenue, down form 40% in 1980. This means that citizens earn less, work longer, both parents need to work, children do not get the homes they need to grow as healthy adults and we are caught in a spiral. The destruction of communities and imbalance of power between citizen, politics and Corporations is our greatest threat. Historically all 3 have flourished in a balanced society but now that balance is undone. This imbalance is at the core of Global Warming, Inequality and personal happiness.
Career progression and opportunities
My biggest concern is the is the dramatic influence on colleagues mental health that working at MSD Biotech Dublin has put on my colleagues.
Manager support
I am concerned about the analytics role in the company, career opportunities and recognition.
MSDs capabilities to remain competitive
To maintain a work life balance and not feeling guilty when taking a day off without attending to emails. Being able to manage and address emails in manageable timelines and meeting all timelines
Mental health of employees.
Economic consequences of Covid and fiscal policy; How to develop my career while maintaining my work-life balance
Being successful in a new role because of the virtual environment.
- My kids' education and the impact of COVID - When we will be able to travel to meet family again
See above - ensure people work from home with the right set-up. Budget needs to be made available for that.
Huge workload level of stress
I’m most concerned about having the choice continue to work from home removed. I worry that this option will be taken away due to the desire of the MSD leadership team to have “more people coming into the office” to “connect”. Certain communications late last year removed the WFH option for part time workers as as example. Having the option to WFH is a very important matter to my continued ability to manage and enjoy work aT MSD.
work life balance
Balancing College and work life
MSD understanding of the marketplace we operate
Working together culture
total chaos around resources and unfair pressure on people to absorb more work even if we already work 10-12 hour days
Role certainty in the future given recent leadership changes. Expectations for travel when returning to work
Improving Process performance in an integrated way => more/better cross functional collaboration. More time for conceptual thinking and less short term goals while still respecting day-to-day deliverables.
Opportunities to further career
Expectations
I am most concerned about growing opportunities
The current organizational way of working; management by inbox, lack of taking responsibility. I needs to change, but the direction of change should be moving in the next few years to stay motivated to keep pulling/pushing for these change to move
work/ personal life balance
Feeling concerned about the lack of leadership shown by my leadership team, from direct supervisor up to C-level, giving the impression not being open to take feedback serious nor providing the level of trust to be able to freely speak up, nor willing to provide transparent feedback on concerns raised. The strong impression is being given that personal individual career is  more important than the team, leading to a cascade of toxic behaviour, demotivating a group of very willing and capable professionals who will soon be looking for opportunities outside.
Work-life balance
Salaries are not compatible with the market specially if you’re internally promoted (not head hunted)
Work life balance
I am, and not just me, totally disgusted and against current unjustified, illegal and unconstitutional restrictions - masks, tests, ban on offices, closing us at homeoffices, etc. No company has the rights to do it! I sent this notice to company, but no discussion, just commands. I am totally disappointed with this approach. I cooperate with world lawyers, physicians, experts, virologist and there is no one reason to do it against us, against employees. If you set is as optional, no problem, But if you require it, we want to see the reason, numbers, sources, to have open discussion, not just info that it is based on the illegal government acts. We have filed lawsuits against the governments and other organizations that are behind this biggest fraud in the human history! We haven't loss no lawsuit until now, on the contrary, we win step by step, lawsuit by lawsuit. We don't like it, but with this prescriptive approach, you don't give us another choice to defend our rights and freedoms.
the Digital enforcement also requires resources and budget to maintain created digital solutions. This basics for system maintenance and IT support is not appropriately in place. It does give efficiencies, but there is a counter side on it that needs to be taken into account when promoting digital enforcement. Next to this in my opinion to many digital initiatives are taken will not aligning with each other. Feels like the wheel is invented by several different groups. Once COMET was the one version of the truth. Now we have many versions in different dashboards and tools outside of COMET. All slightly different. And digital future is only really efficient if the whole company works in a standard way. This is not the case yet, which results in exceptions that are not covered correctly in newly created dashboards.
working life balance
Providing more flexible work options
a little too overboard with public comments about issues unrelated to health care
Job/life balance
work life balance
Feeling as though my work is valued
Two concerns.  Too many changes being implemented at one time.  I'm all for change but so much at once is very over whelming.  The majority of our leadership is working from home.  How can leaders "lead" if they are not present in the moment.
Zero work-life balance; SLT preaches about it, but just keeps creating more and more work and never actually addresses the issues no matter how many survey's keep telling them they need to handle it sooner rather than later.
Schooling
Others:  Equip managers to listen and manage “emotions” and respect!
Finances.  I am relocating to one of the most expensive areas of the country to take on this role at Merck.
How the new mixed work structure will be accommodated moving forward.. There is a lot more thinking required around support needed for families in different life stages and with varied work from home conditions. Secondly there is an open question on the incentives to returning to the office at all when you may never have 100% of your team co-located anymore.
Personal and professional development
Return to work after Covid and having to manage the restrictions e.g. wearing a mask all day.
The work life balance has been challenging.  Over a year of working remotely, the work load has drastically increased and it's been hard to manage work and personal life.
Health of my family; Work-life balance
I do not really feel concerned
I am a union person and I have to admit I'm concern about where we will stand once we are able to return to the office.  Will we be able to have flexibility also with working from home.  It's supposed to be One Merck, but at times I question that phrase.
As an expat employee living in the US, I feel the company has not provided the right level of support through its global mobility program during this challenging year. Me and my family have suffered enormously the US immigration policies during the pandemic to a point that my spouse has lost the ability to work for an entire year, travel abroad to see family and even drive. The company has stick to very rigid internal policies that were not designed for pandemic times and has not shown any flexibility whatsoever to accommodate our needs. I'm grateful for the opportunities Merck has always provided but this time I truly believe the company missed the mark.
being able to add real value and make a difference to patient lives with the indications to come and that we are able to secure NICE funding for the innovations that are in development. To be valued and respected by our HCP's
Incompetent management in discovery chemistry. Would be great if the managers cared about what we do.
Transfer of knowledge and responsibilities from my predecessor
Promotion and getting recognized.
I feel completely bored and burnt out in my current position, but feel like I don't have the resources to explore something new.
lack of Work / Life balance - We need priorities that match our resources
I am most concerned with site consolidation.  Concentration of divisions into New Jersey.
While direct management is supportive, upper management lacks awareness of struggles endured multiple levels down and the space is where you can not provide constructive feedback without risking negative consequences.
Some challenges in healthcare landscape due to pandemic that can impact to my and everyone's tasks and, directly and indirectly to overall pharma business and organizations
Getting back to a more normal way of life
i feel the company could do a better job including all people not just those minorities that are evident and fashionable . Being older at Merck is not fun
Changing work landscape (remote work) has progressively shifted the volume of work and the lack of barriers in the work day.  Over the past year, my work life and home life have blended to have no true differentiation.  Additionally, for global roles the movement of colleagues to Organon has increased work on those of us who remain, with no resolve.  This all adds up to significant increase in work with no relief in sight.
Organon spin-off and (unrelated) downsizing in our group are adding significant workload
I love my work at Merck and I love the company, but I feel that there are always looming layoffs in the near future which it make it extremely difficult to plan for my family and my future. It also adds an amount of stress to the job that leads to worse performance. I think if the threat of layoffs was either quieted or the company was more open about the future, I would have the ability to do more work more optimally.
Interpersonal challenges are not being addressed.  Total lack of communication on decisions made and rationale for changes in group.
Work/Life balance
Since everyone works from home, the workload and work day hours have increased. It's hard to get everything done and balance home life with work deadlines. Some days I feel overwhelmed.
Climate Change
Living conditions / Freedom of movement (being far from family)
Other - noncompliance of people in my community and elsewhere regarding covid pandemic/safety
Workload is too high. There are not enough qualified colleagues who help to improve or driving results forward. I would rather appreciate to have enough qualified colleagues in my team than receiving invitations for better work life balance online courses.  I would be in balance if the workload wouldn't be that high. And I also would highly recommend to rather spend the money in decreasing working hours for employees than spending it for all courses/measures to keep employees in balance. Don't get me wrong, the courses are great but this is just fighting the symptoms and not the source of the problem. We are a health company. We should know better...
Far too many meetings and emails. Sometimes more than 50% of my work week is spent in meetings and handling extremely large email volume.  This can hamper my ability to work efficiently and get all of my work done on time.  People who are not necessary should not be invited to meetings, and should not be copied on mass emails that don't pertain to their function.
I am not clear on what is on Merck's pipeline in the next few years
growth opportunities
Work life balance; sufficient time to properly learn applicable systems, policies, and procedures, and apply that knowledge in the day to day
Educational Consistency for my kids
We are still balancing remote learning in our family. This is a challenge and constant stressor for working parents. I also feel the political landscape is very polarized and wonder how that will impact company policies, direction and bottom-line.
I have raised issues with the OOE over 10 weeks ago, and it has not been resolved.  I understand a deep investigation is needed, but this has not been done in a timely manner.
I am concerned about Merck Canada Leadership.   The feeling "What's in it for me in the short term" vs. "What's in it for Merck in the long term" is the sentiment.   The strong leaders are proactively leaving the organization.   What "sounds good" is trumping what is reality.   Very concerning.  Our revenue is decreasing based on decisions that were made in the last three years (beyond COVID impact).  Very concerning.
The flexibility of a hybrid model or working both from home and sometimes going into the office is the most important thing for me right now. Having a concrete plan that is accepted by all those in the org is important for me as a young employee looking for a career at Merck.
Professional Growth Opportunities
2. Career trajectory 3. Making a name for myself at Merck/MSD
career growth
Commute / required time in the office once we're back.
Industry standard compensation
The 2 parties operate in parallel universes. One is committed to democracy and the rule of law. The other party is racist, homophobic,  misogynistic, anti-sematic, anti-democratic, xenophobic, and appears to want to see this country become a dictatorship.
Learning and adapting to my new role.
Work life balance for my team
No career pathway at all!
The short-term vision, the operational-focus (and allocating and rewarding resources accordingly); and the unclear R&Rs/overlap between the teams
Poloitics should be left outside of workplace
I recently had 2 of my fairly long term employees leave Merck for other opportunities and very significant salary increases. While Merck seems to be fairly competitive for new job offers, are we doing enough to retain employees who see they can make a lot more elsewhere?
One of my top concerns a a veteran employee is the lack of compensation advancement. Over the years I have found that there is no reasonable way for my manager to align my compensation with new employee offers at the same band level. In essence I feel that I am being punished for remaining with Merck long-term rather than leaving and returning and negotiating a new salary. Also, as a working parent I do feel pressured to work strange and very challenging hours to keep up with projects sometimes. This is a huge burden, and while the department and my manager state that we need to set boundaries, there is an unspoken rule that these boundaries must be breached in order to complete projects on time and even be valued as an employee. There is also a major problem in my department with employees not being able to use vacation time and also working while on vacation just to keep up. It almost isn't a benefit to gain more vacation time over years of employment, we can't use it.
Promotions in career advancement is long due.
Gun control issues combined with racial injustice are deeply concerning
career path
Work life balance
Changes to workplace physical location to open space.  I don't feel any consideration is being given to how this may impact employees with conditions like ADHD.  Many outside the box innovative scientists are very successful and I'm concerned the new model removes some of the ways in which this talented population manages their work setting to ensure their equal opportunity to succeed.  People will either have their work suffer quietly, or you are forcing them to expose their diagnosis to ensure a workspace that works for them is available.
Work/Life Balance
I am very disappointed that Merck is commenting on recent US news.  We are a publicly held corporation responsible to our stockholders.  We should not use our company to voice personal beliefs. I am very discouraged and have customers who are not happy with it.  Also, I feel that Merck is forcing many "woke" actions on me.  Example: mandatory D&I Training.
Work life balance, after working very well at home, it would be nice to be given the oppertunity to continue this. This is very unlikely to be an option and i feel i have a better work life balance being at home, plus am more productive. Anyway i try to adjust my work life balance with hour adjustment is blocked . I have been with teh company years, those this does not matter to them.
Finding a new more challenging role that is rewarding and fulfilling for me.
My salary is about $40,000 less than I would get at Pfizer or J&J. Merck needs to do better and quickly. Or I'll take my 20 years experience elsewhere.
Growth, Development
Nothing at this time.
Senior leaders are quick to put out statements in response to external events without considering facts and due diligence.  Many of the viewpoints align more with left-of-center values and rhetoric heard from most media. This disrespects, excludes and shuts down hearing from those who recognize that life is full of shades of gray and things are not black and white. To bring up a different viewpoint that is not in lock-step with mainstream thinking has the individual branded as a racist or homophobe or whatever term of the day is popular. This leads to people remaining silent, rather than sticking out their necks and fearing that they will lose their jobs unless they agree with the popular group-think.
workload and ability to get everything done well
Work/Life balance
Our company is involved is political stances so much that it shows how one sided we are instead of hearing from all aspects of the political realms.  This is isolating personnel with different views.  As a company that is know for diversity and inclusion this makes me feel isolated and not cared about.
As an employee of Merck for 17 years and a minority, I feel that I am unfairly compensated in that my base salary is at the bottom of my pay grade.  Getting tiny "market" bumps in pay every few years just to keep me above the minimum salary for my level proves my point.
work related social gaps
With Covid and all the changes we have to deal with day t day. My manager doesn't care about people its all about business. I feel like each day can be my last day. when you have a micro manager who sees only what you don't do and not what you do get done, Most of our departments long time employees have bid out to get away from this form of management. This is because of a terrible manager and how people are treated. some managers should not have direct reports because they are just to harsh and self centered  , People are the companies best assets and it does not show in our department its only what they want you to hear. A micro manager will cause good people to flee and rest just wont care ..  And that's how it is now for us thank you for allowing me to share my feelings and concerns I also hope doing so doesn't cost  me my job retaliation is still a reality
the environment
behaviors of some leaders
Just trying to live life with as less stress as possible.
Sheer workload is not sustainable and it is not going away.  I am working 16 hour days around the clock.   I am exhausted, see no end in sight or no support.
most concerned about my high school and college age children returning to full in person learning as they are losing ground both academically and emotionally/socially at this critical period in their lives.
I thinking during these challenging pandemic times, the most difficult aspect to manage is work-life balance. For employees with school age children, the current school situation is adding a tremendous stress for working parents, in trying to manage some form of homeschooling/oversight with challenging workloads and situations in which we are expected to produce as if we were not in a global pandemic.
Favoritism and age discrimination that is present in my department when there are job openings.
Feeling burnt out. The site does NOT do well retaining talent. That leaves the people remaining to constantly pick-up extra work. Work and personal time are overlapping more and more.
The ability to continue working from home with flexible freedom being it has aided significantly in   balancing work/life and there is less mental and physical stress doing so!
Very concerned on how proven ethics claims against a Merck manager are handled by the organization.. They don't seemed to be handled properly.
Can’t emphazsize enough the drawbacks of this Re-entry  tool - I am vaccinated  so why cant I be able to go out in territory to do my job, instead of working remotely weeks at a time. If my territory is yellow or green I should be allowed to go OUT, regardless if the county where I live is red. Merck should have a Hybrid model like other companies do.  Flexibility please,  treat us like adults and not 5 year olds!
Internal politics and Ageism
I am concerned that managers/site leadership does not keep the best interest of the employees (especially at the bottom) in mind. Its one thing to preach it and say it but its never actually carried out. "be mindful" but then you drown us, its very contradictive.
Loss of work/life balance and continually increasing, unsustainable workload
Learning and growing are difficult from home for me. I'm doing the best I can but it's not as easy as when I'm in the office.
The economy
The executive leaderships insertion into politics and presenting at times inaccurate and partisan views to employees
Chance to advance in career or at least chance to lateral movement
Merck's pipeline and how many of our ExM programs will be successful.
Communication of change within the company is leading to email burnout.  Change happening does not appear to be forward thinking. It is not innovative in our space. Hard to find work life balance even though it is being promoted.
Ability to sustain the work with the ongoing Covid restrictions.
Being able to do my job adequately when Merck is my biggest obstacle. There needs to be improvement in their black and white policy in regards to ways of working. There needs to be a gray area and more specific to geographical openness. The constant push for remote activity negatively impacts sales and needs to be addressed.
Professional Development & Career Progression
Age discrimination. Older colleagues are not considered a priority and are provided less opportunities
Being disadvantaged by our own company with so many restrictions that have been put into place and the fact that our competitors do not have these same restrictions.
Ongoing health issues my husband is dealing with. Nothing stressful at work
Keep the politics and b.s. out of corporate culture.  The voice of America is lays within the individual and not a legal entity.
Other: Work/life balance. It seems more and more that additional work is added when others leave the department or additional work is needed. It is troubling when it never ends. Seeing others put in 60+ hours consistently without change in sight. Short term is fine, but this has gone on much longer than expected.
Loss of human interactions and social skills by constant masking.  Siloed thinking on pandemic response with no regard to downstream consequences. Schools refusing to open fully and normally.  Lingering virus fear long after necessary.  Unreasonable and ridiculous restrictions/lockdowns on daily life.  Divisive culture and politics.  Increasing taxes and government ineptness and interference.  Politicians and government officials fueling vaccine hesitancy that spreads to vaccines other than Covid.  Ex. Robert Redfield claiming masks were more effective and would keep him safer than a vaccine, continuing to mask after vaccine etc.
Our medical benefits were great until the Affordable Healthcare Act was rolled out several years ago.  Merck's medical benefit are subpar compared to other industries (even non-healthcare/pharma industries).
Climate Change
lack of adequate compensation
Meeting customer needs in my role
Work Changes
Ensuring Merck remains competitive from a scientific and sales standpoint.
Climate Change Global Situation during/after the pandemic
Promotional and growth opportunities.  I have been doing essentially the same work for 15 years, I get very good reviews, consistently outperforms but I can't ascend to the next level.  I am on many workstreams and do outside speaking to raise my visibility.  I am older and somewhat chubby so I think that has affected my ability to be promoted.
We are TOO focused on politics and everyone needs to take a step back from this. Both the news and social media add to the drama and make things worse.
Financial Security
Benefits have been steadily decreasing over the years. example - I went to the Doctor to get a Covid Test that was positive. Medical Insurance only covered lab test. I received a $200.00 office visit bill because I rarely submit medical bills and did not meet deductibles.
The health and safety of my children.
Work/life balance; burnout
As the work from home is a reality and a constant now, the implementation of a good place of work at home should be a mix responsibility between the employer and the employee, Ensure that the employee has all the resources including since furniture (chair, desk, implements) and support the internet/house services expenses should be of MSD interest right now.
lack of career progression
If Home Office will remain as a possibility to work, after the pandemic has ended or people became vaccinated. I personally believe that Home Office is the future as how we will work and I am enjoying the flexibility Home Office provides on the work-life-balance. For me this is something essential that makes the company attractive or not as a employer.
more limited career opportunities
Transitioning back to more in-office workdays and work/life balance becoming less balanced
Return to the office
We  are entering a new phase and developing new ways of working in an uncertain environment post Covid. Understandably this creates some degree of uncertainty. I like working at MSD and would like think I will still be happy and working for the company way beyond the next two years
Career opportunities and focus more on a diverse candidate than the qualified candidate.
Opportunity for advancement
Success in a new role
There is extreme gender discrimination happening at this point.  Many females are being moved into positions for which they are unprepared with very few years of experience compared to historical norms for the roles and performance has been dreadful.  There are many ineffective male leaders in the company too - I don't mean for this to be a male vs female issue.  I want to see equal opportunity at all levels of the company (maybe Sanat can work on diversifying his LT to set an example for all of MMD).  But the way Merck is going about this is absolutely 100% incorrect and is negatively impacting the business.  Create a diverse pool of qualified candidates and then select from that pool.  Don't put people into the pool that have not earned the right to be there.
I feel the majority of the local leadership team are disconnected from the folks working in the labs. There is very little visibility and 1-1 connectivity
Retention of Critical Knowledge with the departure of key leaders
I feel companies like Merck should manage their business. Keep their thought out of politics.
I am most concerned about the constant barrage of political commentary from the highest levels of the company. It has been made obvious time and again the political leanings of our CEO and understood that there is no disagreement permitted. It has become a troubling environment to work in adding more stress to an already highly, stress-filled job.
I am concerned about what the future expectations will be.  The current (hybrid model for lab based employees) works well allowing more work life balance while still supporting company goals and productivity. I worry about the unknown future and if we will lose this new found healthy balance.
Work / life balance needs improvement.
Access to customers.
There is so much flying at us at once (i.e., coping with the pandemic, getting vaccinated, civil unrest in the country/world, politics, all while continuing to keep BoB moving forward) - the informative e-mails may be very resourceful (and important, but they are overwhelming. It is difficult to gage what is most important. Very concerned that we may overlook what is most important.
How to keep my staff from leaving, managing the overwhelming equipment issues with the large demand for production.
Continuing to feel challenged in my current role.
balancing work/life
Being able to manage the growing demands of the job while keeping a work/life balance
Also worried about having the time to complete my work tasks on time and being pulled in too many directions at one time because we are so short-handed in our area
work life balance, work stress management
work life balance is a concern, work load has increased to a level that is not possible to complete within the 39 hour work week.  This is ok occasionally but it is now constant The intensity of the work adds to levels of exhaustion, and frustration.
I feel that the company is promoting younger women and minorities leaving out the older tenured employees. Giving promotions to people who really do not deserve it just because the company is trying to meet numbers to satisfy the outside culture
Workload, expectations and burnout
My feedback is not on my immediate manager who is great, actively listens and tries to help. My feedback is specifically about other members of the leadership team in the organization who are actively engaged in bullying and aggression, both to their group members and to people like me who interact. The aggression is not uniform but targeted mostly to people perceived as weaker or unable to respond. I don't feel this is being taken seriously but brushed off as personality traits. This is leading to a quenching of scientific input and ideas from several talented people.
I'm worried about Asian hates
Work/Life Balance
Added stress that work sometimes creates - too much work to get done. Seeing/hearing my colleagues who have too much work on them as well. It doesn't allow for much investment time on personal growth. We need to be better at making decisions on what not to do.
Work/life balance is really not good
The political climate in Washington is completely anti-business and will increase regulation and costs.  I fear pharmaceutical companies will start producing in Ireland again.  I also believe our corporate leadership is too close to the Democratic party's anti-business policies.
Merck scientific pipeline to ensure Merck as first class in addition to Keytruda.
1) The amount of amount we are being asked to do, is causing physical illness, people are very stressed with the number of projects and aggressive timelines. 2) It is disappointing to see Management implement an aggressive WOKE agenda without any employee feedback.  In private people I speak with  disagree with agenda but we would not dare speak out.  People should be hired and promoted based on accomplishments and experience and not by race or gender they are. I can't control my skin color, but I can control how hard I work, race or gender should not be a factor is the other opinion, but we have no diversity of thought on this subject..
I feel the company has become distracted from its core mission by getting involved in national politics. Further, some of the messaging within the company gives the impression that a certain group of people need to be torn down / marginalized in order to elevate another. It's clear the perspective / opinions of some are not wanted nor would it be "safe" for me to express them. I'm disappointed that Merck ultimately missed the mark on being able to deliver a vaccine or therapeutic to address the COVID pandemic and wonder whether we failed to do so since we were (as a company) distracted with other topics. To that end, I don't believe Merck has done enough to advocate for the efficacy of vaccines in the COVID discourse.
Women discrimination (salary, etc.) and age discrimination. It feels like people with more experience are being replaced with more and more younger inexperienced people. My department is very young with all the people that have left in the last couple of years and the balance between experienced and new minds doesn't feel right to support the business.
From a personal perspective, I feel very concerned about the June 1st return to workplace date and do not feel safe returning to what I would consider to be large indoor gatherings. I also feel concerned about the lack of work/life balance. Expectations (at least in the finance roles) have increased over the past year with the Organon split, all the different fortify projects (finance supports both finance fortify projects as well as supplies financials for fortify projects in other areas of the business), the integrations of multiple new acquisitions (TRAIN process), as well as deadlines that have continued to tightened and pull forward. All these things have increased the finance workloads, yet we've reduced finance headcount and continue to do so. So, the workloads have increased dramatically and are contributing to an overall feeling of 'burnout" across finance teams all over the company. I'm concerned that if this continues, we could see the company lose it's higher performers.
Getting back to normal  workday routine.
Mental Health
I think that Senior Management are duplicitous when it comes to managing stress, on one hand they say "do everything you can to make sure you don't burn out" and on the other they pile on the work and expect it to get done. The working environment has become a lot more bad tempered as a result.
There are too many limitations on what is the right way to interact. If vaccinated we should be free to go out to field. I have customers tired of virtual and willing to meet. Makes me look ridiculous to the customers. Other companies are out. Mangers are now pushing for time on calls when our peer need time and we have been put off of lists by customers because we bring too many people on. Now add on MBO and mangers are pushing harder and limiting time for other sales people to interact.
Would like to work completely remotely. Appreciate if management could consider to provide an option for employees to completely work remotely (at least non-managerial roles).
Excessive workload
Work-Life Balance. Housing.
My manager is new and there has not been adequate time to evaluate them.  I hope to be able to indicate more positive results by the next survey.
retaliation by management
The political environment in the workplace feels like it has alienated at least half the company; therefore, there is a significant voice that remains silent in fear of punitive damages. We are the best company in the industry and should be proud of our diversity and social contributions over decades.
Work-life balance. Can’t even take a day off due to workload and constant demands.
Work capacity - headcount getting lower, work increasing substantially
mental health balance
Mental health, stress, resisting pressure to work long hours
career growth and development opportunities
gun violence in the US is out of control
Concern is that Merck CEO and management is getting involve with the "woke" culture in society and this will only alienate half of the population. VERY CONCERNING!!!!!
Ongoing lockdown/work from home restrictions and I'm nearing my limit with virtual calls and social isolation at work. Worried I am not being as productive/effective as I can be.
Financial security in retirement
We say we are digital, but there is a disconnect. Senior leaders are either too leery of any spending or too wary of the immediate return on investment to make significant changes. The people at the ground have a very different perspective of leadership. We are simply progressing far too slowly on moving to a digital business. We need to think about the fully digital work day and jump to it rather than move in baby steps because the small steps are too difficult to justify. Only when we break with the past, a go 100% digital do we get the ROI.
I do feel that Merck needs to stay out of the Political debate.  When our leaders are making national comments to news organizations, it does impact us negatively at the Representative level - not all of our customers agree with comments made by Merck leaders - it becomes a distraction.  Also, not everyone within the company agrees with these comments.  It creates friction and furthers the divide within the company versus trying to be inclusive. With regards to COVID, I really respect and appreciate that Merck has supported and continues to support us through this Pandemic
I am concerned that we are losing site of the mission of Merck in favor of being politically active.  It is important to build a culture of inclusion.  However, when we are more involved in the political systems than in the healthcare systems, it smacks of pandering.
Using contracted groups sometimes feels like we are doing more work, as we have to manage every metric.  In-house contractors were much easier.
Development. I've requested a coach many time ago. My request was first rejected them delayed without explanation.  I don't have a carrer plan. I manager never ask me abot my next steps or what I want for my future.
During Pandemic work / life balance can be challenging while continuing to work from home.
Legal restrictions that aren’t industry wide.
While I think that in general Merck has been a good place to work and learn, I don't believe the company truly values a collaborative, inclusive culture and ethical leadership, especially in middle management. There are many silos, and within them, toxic work environments that have, and will continue to, lead to talented people leaving for other opportunities (including competitors).
I am concerned about staying healthy in the sense of my mental health and well being. Keeping a good work life balance is important, and with everyone working from home, the borders between work and life have blurred really far. Most people on my team send emails at 8 pm or 6 am, and while they don't necessarily expect a response from me immediately, the fact that they come from most of my team pressures me to also be working at those hours
Workload from home is very high. As everybody knows you are at home, the working hours easily exceeds 8 hours a day, and even 10 hours per day when performing audits, plus working hours during the weekends. There should be at least 3 weeks between audits, to be able to finish the previous one and be able to prepare the next one and attend all required meetings/trainings/reading emails/filing documentation and have time to deep on processes.
With the new way of working due to the social distancing resulting from the covid outbreak, I feel so much more relaxed being able to leave the site once I have completed my lab work and work from home.  I feel I have a much better balance between work and home and I also feel that I am able to concentrate much better when I work from home.  I love the flexibility of "non-traditional" hours.  If I need to work later in the evening, I am much more apt to do so in the comfort of my own home, versus having to do so in the office.
With so many people being asked to leave the company everyone is stretched very thin and working very hard to keep up with the demands to succeed. The organization is so small that there are no real opportunities to make lateral moves or promotions.  Job security and being able to achieve extremely aggressive sales targets are the biggest concerns.
Career Advancement.  I absolutely want to stay with the company, however, I do not see a clear path to advancement.  I do not see the support needed to help me build the skills needed to advance.  As such, I do not see how I can progress internally.
Trying to break out of the "this is the way its always been done at Merck" mentality and embracing change and moving towards best practices
Being paid commensurate to others at other companies
I would love to say that my focus is on the larger societal problems such as racial injustice, climate change, etc. However, I became a father (for the first time) recently so my focus is on new family and my ability to establish a stable situation and future for them.
Miserly salary increases for rank-and-file employees.
I love our company and it's mission.  I'm proud to work at Merck, and believe in the work we do.  It saddens me how politics and healthcare have co-mingled at our company and in our country.  I respect our CEO, and empathize with his causes--which are also my own, and I know we are aware that our customers may see it differently--and in some cases have limited our access because of our comments made in the media.  The field needs preparation when controversial actions such as condemning the new GA voting law are made public.  Accurate and specific facts on why we feel it was deemed discriminatory would be helpful--especially when media sound bites confuse the issue amongst our customer base and employees.  I'm not saying we should stop taking a stance--I think that's important--but the field has no comment with agitated customers, and that can impede us from driving results.
Workload....too much work and not enough people!
I am most concerned about getting to see my customers again face-to-face per their requests. I want to meet with them in a masked & socially distanced live setting when they are fully vaccinated and I am fully vaccinated. The guidance for Merck does not allow this to happen broadly.
Internal pressure and stress to compete against my peers. During Covid it feels like a rush to "measure" everything and the culture is moving away from a collective & collaborative mindset to a "me, me, me" environment where we have to jockey to show how we are differentiating ourselves internally as opposed to working to stave off external pressures on our growth
Lack of clarity on what's expected for career progression.
I'm concerned about radical changes putting political, religious and social freedom at risk.
Maintaining work-life balance given the resignation of numerous members of our department without new hires
Recently in the news there have been many corporate leaders expressing political views or opinions about current events.  I believe that corporations should refrain from expressing views of this nature as these are personal views.
Career opportunities
when the decision to have employees return to work office, it would be nice if there was more flexibility to work from home. before the pandemic there were restrictions in some areas as to how many days a week one can work from home and no one was allowed including attorneys couldn't work from home on a Monday and Friday. Merck is a wonderful place to work but some areas have not been flexible while other areas are.
Financial Stress.
Feeling valued and respected.
There are several issues 1) Work is very stressful. 60-70 hours week has become a norm since COVID19 began. There are several days every week (including weekend) when I and other folks I know are working late in the night just to cope up with the work demand. There is no work/life balance anymore. 2) Several people have left due to stressful work conditions and lack of promotions. People who are left behind are forced to pick up the extra work. Priorities are not redefined for the department, where ~20% of workforce has left in last 6 months. 3) Promotion rate is really hurtful. We are losing people in a 'revolving door' fashion, and filling position back takes time. Lack of promotions forces group managers to struggle hard to promote deserving candidates and creates a politically-tense work environment.
The future of Merck with many programs/drugs being cancelled and the heavy reliance on Keytruda. concerns about lay offs in the very near future as part of FORTIFY the future.
Work Life Balance while working from home can be difficult. My manager does remind/encourage to take breaks & vacation where possible.
Often jobs are not given to the most qualified - but to those that have been here the longest and have the advocacy/mentors to speak on their behalf.  Unless you are 'heritage Merck'... its hard to advance in the company, particularly if you are a woman.  You resume from experience outside of Merck is not valued (ie: Yes, you've been a sales manager, but not here at Merck!, yes you've build digital systems/platforms and managed a team, but not here at Merck).. its very discouraging and leads people to depart Merck after being here only a short time.
Rapidly changing work priorities.
I am increasingly disappointed in the how our leadership, namely our current CEO has allowed personal feeling and political views to be highlighted as a company position. We should all be allowed personal opinion but to use your position within the company to express it to a global audience is wrong. I would be reprimanded and probably terminated were I to express an opposing view or possibly even the same view in the venues that Mr. Frazier has done in the past few months.
When we can return to the work site on a regular basis.
Having enough time to perform my job at the highest level
how to best balance work and family life
The safety and security of our country given the hypocrisy that goes unnoticed.  Concerned for my Children and Grandchildren (some day) that our country will still be a strong and flourishing democracy!
How we plan to deliver on our medium term goals
the feedback seems surprising from management.  My manager gives the appearance of inclusivity and uses friendly language but really does not develop and has favorites that get developed. Very concerned about my job security.  Would like a more productive one on one and more than just once a month. Needs to be once very two weeks.
Great to see new leaders at the executive and senior leadership levels across Merck but concerned with the risk of these leaders introducing hasty changes without appreciating the value created over the last 10+ years
Union employees make more than the manager yearly. Forced OT and under pay (150) is making a managers job not appealing to most.
having the help I need to perform my job properly.
My main concern is that we are stretching everyone too thin. Everyone is extremely busy with regular day-to-day work as we are all asked to do more with less. A concrete example is not being authorized to fill in critical positions due to departures. We don't have time to focus on personal development, growth, or to stop and think about forward-looking threats and opportunities. Yet at the same time, the company is launching initiatives such as Workplace Market Opportunities (gigs), which, while it presents fantastic opportunities, is not aligned with the daily reality. This can be frustrating as employees may not be capable (or even allowed) to seek those opportunities due to immediate, urgent and heavy workload. Ultimately, this poses a risk for morale and retention.
How the US is going to reach a "normal" state where there is no racial injustice and that the citizens feel included in society. Clearly the work just started and there is a lot to do.
Merck is supposed to be able to support employees working remoting due to current home schooling and no child care programs with remote work ability; but, when it comes to audit/inspection support employees are told they must come on site and not given remote options to digitally support the audit/inspection instead.  Most audit inspection support roles can be performed successfully remotely but employees are not feeling or hearing that is an option for these roles.  This causes a lot of stress for working care givers that at the present time don't have a lot of options.
Promotions from a R4 to R5 is almost impossible, I have not been promoted in 22 years.
Toxic culture being fostered by senior-most leaders at the company is leading to mental health issues, stress and over-work being common across the organization
Having such a large team
Growth opportunities for career development and compensation in my role
crushing workload
mental health and creativity rooted in face time interactions that is currently inhibited by covid induced changes in our work habits (we are getting the work done but I don't think we've seen the full ramifications yet from the reduction in in-person social interactions)
equal opportunity for receiving job promotion
Concerned about the company's leftward drift on political issues that reflect inaccurate characterizations of opponents.  Merck is creating an overtly hostile work environment to those with different political or religious perspectives.  It is putting its future at risk by alienating many people that it could otherwise help and setting itself up to be the target of political backlash when national and state leadership changes.
level of workload an stress in the company is high and increasing. Although we have resources to try to mitigate these topics (Live it, balance it, fuel it etc...) it is just not sufficient. The level of workload remains the same for long time and it is expected to keep on increasing. We can´t be doing the same and more with same resources. In addition, more and more mandatory "small topics" are added into our daily tasks such as SfC, MyLearning, reporting tools, etc....as a company we need to focus on things adding value to our products and customers
Prioritizing mental health and work-life balance while working on a COVID project
Continuing to work from home. This has not only increased my productivity, but it's allowed me to attain an entirely new level of work-life balance and job satisfaction.
Discrimination, Bullying
Family members health
work life balance
Climate change. Being able to buy a house.
How to plan for return to office - what the future looks like? Uncertainty
Whether or not the opportunity is there to go from Job Share to Full Time
career development within my organization are my contributions truly appreciated?
The pandemic has introduced quite a bit of change in how we work.  That along with new systems and attempts to improve processes, etc. has resulted in too much change.  We have a ton of resources and a ton of meetings.  We are told to look up a job aid or a Barnum FAQ to find answers.  It is great that we have all of these resources, however, I spend more time trying to find answers in the various teamspaces, community pages, central pages, SOPs, guidance documents, etc. and trying to figure how how to do my job correctly than I do being productive.  And it seems that just when you have the answers, it changes.  The stress and frustration levels are high.
Staying positive and overall mental health
The amount of work I accomplished in 2020 was extraordinary, I received the 'out perform' rating on my review. I look back and wonder if it was worth it, my usual day starts at 7 AM, I am routinely in meetings all day long with little time to think or work in a thoughtful manner. I know this is not sustainable but I feel as though I have been doing this for so long it had become the norm. I am overwhelmed and exhausted.
The economy and how that impacts my personal finances over time
Growth
There is discrimination between teams or individuals that is not based upon race, background, ethnicity , gender etc but is based upon the team and its purpose in Merck.  This is impacting wellbeing and is a 'safety issue' because there exists a hazard, which is causing harm that is preventable by improving operating procedures and ensuring individuals and teams are aware of their actions.  Senior leadership are not resolving this.
To be able to have a balance between work and personal life.
My need to be around people. How depressed I feel since I'm not interacting in person with folks anymore.  I'm an extrovert and this year has been extremely hard. I like working from home but not every day.
I am getting ready to relocate per my hiring agreement from late last year.  My concern is that there will be sufficient consideration given for work/life balance to allow time for me to see to the home sale, moving, drive half way across the country with my pets, and looking for a new home on the east coast without being overly stressed or using all my vacation time.
The ability to move up.
The legacy leadership here is negative and unskilled. We need a positive strong change to improve this culture.
Compensation framework
Work life balance
I am truly concerned about Merck's future. The company's reputation took a hit after failing on the COVID vaccine. We missed a unique opportunity to make a long lasting global positive impression on billions of people like Pfizer and Moderna did. I wish the company would make headlines for accomplishing our mission: saving lives and  pharmaceutical achievements, the same way we are being recognized for D&I culture.
Other - Retirement / Financial Planning
Work/family balance due to arbitrary WMA timelines that are based on a 7-day work week (including working on holidays).  Because timelines have become so condensed, even more time is required to meet them beyond just the 7-day work week (eg, working most evenings).
Consideration by Hierarchy above my direct manager
Achieving business objectives during COVID
Promotions, raises, Money, getting back to a version or normal, traveling, getting married
Animal health side lacks consistency in promos and programs.  Also Merck continues to decrease rebates to clients while other manufacturers have very lucrative rebates.  Merck continues to devalue the PLP program while increasing the limits/tiers to reach and decreasing the rebate level as well as out the little guys.
Wellbeing of my colleagues and team mates - we have quite a lot on our plates at the moment and I worry for them. as we try and navigate through workload and customer expectations whilst trying not to burden other (already equally busy) colleagues with more work too if we can help it
Sustainability / Climate Change
Overall (societal) mental health as a direct result of the pandemic
I am very happy and proud to work for Merck.
I agree with diversity and inclusion and believe everyone should be treated equally and counted by the content of their character.  However, I am not a liberal and do not agree with liberal politics.  However, I feel that if I disagree with anything going on in politics today, my job position and any future with the company will be jeopardized.
Work Life balance
Positive and encouraging work environment.
Somewhat concerned about safety once we return to the workplace
Mental Health
Senior management keeps pushing and talking about  "diversity and inclusion", however, only black or white people are given the opportunities to either be promoted, work on special assignments which sooner or later will prompt them to a promotion, work on developmental opportunities. What about people from other backgrounds? It is so disappointing and ridiculous that senior management only gives these opportunities to either white/black people and to their 'favorites".
juggling work & personal/family life; working from home 5 days/week has made office time very challenging to limit
state of the world
Career growth
Poor corporate culture at worksite.
I am more concerned right now in get vaccinated and all my family to receive the vaccine
I thinks we should keep politics out of the work environment and go back to the mission of creating products to save lives.
Thinking about future of the company, we seem to speak (and celebrate) a lot of our pipeline investments/acquisitions, but it seems our public news is more about program discontinuations than exciting new opportunities. Compound that with the season of leadership transition and I'm most worried/unsure about where we are headed.
Financial Security
Our department goes through significant re-orgs every year.  Some of the reasons for re-org are not very clear and the explanations are often "political speeches" so I don't always understand the why and the benefit to risk ratio.  I suspect morale in the department has been affected.  Also I have to go through 3 to 4 mid-level managers before I can talk to the department head.  Because of that when I ask questions and make a comment in front of LTs they do not always have the proper context.  Confusion then happens in this type of communication.
Uncertainty about the future of Merck with leadership changes, lack of communication from/connection to the Executive Committee as changes occur
Having a fair chance to make SIP and broken promises from senior leadership
Ensuring my colleagues are supported so we are successful in our submissions, supporting reviews and Agency Interactions.
I feel like Merck tries to address politics too much - this is a place of work and politics should not play in to it as much as the company pushes it when it is not directly related to the pharmaceutical industry and/or clinical trials or manufacturing of our pipeline.  Yes, there are issues in the country and the world, but I do not come to work to have to hear about those items even more than the news already addresses them.  If it is not directly affecting Merck and our role in the world to bring new therapies to patients and continue the successful and safe manufacturing of our current pipeline, we do not need to constantly have emails about the issues in the country/world.
Be VERY careful not to give a unique benefit to one generation without considering how it affect others.  A good example is the increase in Paid Parental Time Off.  EVERYONE agrees this a GREAT benefit to the target group but it not only leaves out those not in the target group it also places the burden of additional work on others when the target group is using this benefit.  This has caused some disruptions on the production floor and even has had the side effect of making the target group embarrassed and reluctant to take that much time away from work while adding additional work to their colleagues who do not get this benefit.
My Main concern is to see Operation Medical Affairs Lead continuing her aggressive behavior towards a lot of people and no action from management being taken. This toxic and hostile environment will make me live the company as this person keeps being given more responsibility and can do whatever she likes even interfering in my job
My salary is very low for the position I am doing. The current salary for the work I am doing is not competitive.
As it applies to Merck, I'm concerned about ingrained resistance to new approaches (particularly in the digital space) and uncooperative dynamics between certain parts of the organization
Merck’s stance on political issues is polarizing to many employees. Merck should focus on our mission of saving and improving lives with our vaccines and medicines.
The current US and world views and divisions regarding racial injustice, climate, and political divisions
Better work/life balance
Prefer working remote - I am afraid of returning to the office due to COVID19.  I am in fear of being forced to be vaccinated due to side effects and long term issues, to return to the office.  We will not longer have our own work space and must share space which causes anxiety and stress when thinking about returning to the office.  Our department is very productive and has all the equipment needed to continue to work remote.
future product development or the lack of product development specifically in Dairy monitoring MAHI
There does not seem to be concern for the amount of work required to produce quality work or the resources needed. Since DET / agile / co-creation began three is no concern for the actual hours needed outside of DET to review work. The standard answer is that there is no pre-review outside needed outside of Co-creation, which is facetious because the work cannot adequately be reviewed as walk-on jobs. Management is being disingenuous and does not want anyone to speak up; if you do express concerns you are accused of not being a team player
Political organization due to ongoing business with the US government.
Culture of exclusivity and framing every decision based upon current gender and racial quotas causing angst among my team and colleagues. Senior management (SVP) not addressing real, present and dangerous business concerns, but instead sending out constant emails on politics and social issues. This perverse set of incentives set from our highest levels (to focus on perception about solving societal ills versus running our business) is drawing us further from our mission and fracturing previously cohesive teams/groups. Merck use to be a place where we could be unified by a cause.
Getting ready to retire
Lack of career progression - slow at recognixing talent and offering carer advancement
maintain a satisfied and performant team
- mental and physical health would help me sustain work-life balance   - conflicting priorities within the organization
The safety, any advice, or input from my coworkers.
Work / life balance
What I am most concerned about is Merck’s bending over to the WOKE and Critical Race Theory ideologies, making those of us who are not a person of color feel like we are White Supremist Racists.  Up until June 2020 I enjoyed the company.  I worked well with my co-workers.  I never ever saw or witnessed a hint of racial injustice or discrimination towards anyone in the company, yet somehow June 2020 flipped a switch and I am now considered a White supremest  racist towards my co-workers of color or asian decent.  This is absurd and it was shocking to me to see how quickly Merck’s Sr. Leadership mobilized a D&I organization and began telling us or making us feel like we were committing “microinequities” and had been “socialized into oppressor roles”.   If Merck is implementing Critical Race Theory into it’s operating ideology, I wonder how long it will be until I’m cancelled by my company.  This is what I’m most concerned about!
It seems that the company has learned nothing in the last year.  Timelines and goals were met in the recent past with the split onsite /offsite model.  But, we are seeing the plan for 100% 9-5 onsite regardless of work function.  This represents a continued lack of higher level Innovation and a continued even basic understanding of what their own areas work type really is.  The default must be a return to control since that is their only interaction.
I am concerned about all of the negative changes in the way people think and act in our country right now.  Acting in an honorable manner seems to have become erased from the American value system.  Becoming a team and working together, being positive and hardworking also seem to be disappearing.  I was at a restaurant a couple weeks ago where I know the manager well, and she told me she cannot get the people to come back to work from pre-Covid.  They want to stay home and collect their unemployment instead of returning to work.  I don’t relate to this style of value system, yet our government wants to keep handing out stimulus checks.  When I turn on the TV I almost immediately turn it back off.  Americans are destroying business that belong to hard working Americans.  Regardless of the importance of the cause, two wrongs DO NOT make a right.  If we allow people to react to violence with more violence, what is the future of our way of life?  These are the things that bother me, a lot.
I am concerned about professional development.   Many of the peer companies I work with have a role of Senior Director.  We do not have a corresponding role and I feel I have to leave the company to be recognized for my skills, professional maturity, and role.
Work/life balance.  Merck says they support it, but the workloads that people are expected to carry do not reflect it.
Politics are so polarizing right now, its extremely concerning.  Now more than any time in recent history politics are influencing nearly all aspects of life.  I think we need be very careful how we as an organization are perceived.  I hope our senior leaders are keenly aware that the positions we take on certain social issues unfortunately convey political undertones and may not fairly represent intentions or beliefs.  I hope we will keep focused on our business, customers and employee's and leave the politics/political commentary to the politicians.
chronic work overload
I am most concerned about limited career development opportunities available within Merck.  Most people at the higher levels are satisfied being in their positions for a period of time and are not looking to broaden their breadth of experience.  This limits the openings and opportunities available for others.  In addition, my observation has been that if you don't go to the 'right' school, then your career pathway is limited to the opportunities that may be available and it hinders not only the initial entry but subsequent assignments.  People that are minorities and women often have to work harder to prove themselves and even then are restricted as to what they can accomplish if they don't have the means to attend an Ivy League or similar caliber school.  As a company, we need to do a better job of ensuring fair opportunity for all individuals.  Perhaps this could be achieved by mentoring individuals to get experience in positions of interest rather than denying them the opportunity.
I hope our executives drop the political commentary in the future...
Long term perspectve of MSD/Merck in small countries
In addition to above, I would like to note that as a CRA one of my concerns right now is the overwhelming amount of administrative tasks that is placed under the CRA role and responsibilities.  These administrative tasks are extremely time consuming and it is taking away time needed to support our sites and and ensure patient safety and data integrity. I love Merck as a company, I love being a CRA, however I do not fully enjoy being a CRA at Merck for this specific reason. As an individual who takes pride in their work, completing all tasks I am responsible for is of utmost importance to me, however with the amount of administrative tasks under my responsibility I find my self often stressed out because I simply cannot keep with these tasks.  My wish would be for upper management to acknowledge the complexity of the CRA role and implement changes (have sufficient administrative support for admin tasks) so that CRAs can focus on the important aspects for their jobs.
Organization health:  The organization appears to be making short term decisions to address performance gaps resulting from COVID that will have lasting possible negative impact on the organization.  understand we have to address investors but we can't manage quarter to quarter.  Also we make it difficult to get anything done in the organization because we get in our won way and don't make decisions or have a zero-risk policy.  This frustrates people who can now work anywhere from anywhere for more often more compensation.  I worry we will lose good people.
1) Not being getting compensated fairly or competitively for my job type. 2) No direction from IT leadership, employees don't know what's going on and are not listened to for input. 3) We cannot retain our talent
I'm not particularly concerned about any one thing and am accustomed to dealing with change. However, we live in an increasingly stressful world of our own making. It is increasingly difficult to focus and engage meaningfully with people. Those are the things I'm most concerned about.
Company Financial Performance
Knowing that cutbacks are coming is disturbing.
Comments made around the politicizing of elections, law, etc are making for difficult conversations with our customers who do not agree with leaders stances on political topics.  This is making it harder on your employees to be successful in their jobs in customer facing roles.
D&I being used to stifle diversity of thoughts and opinions. Merck CEO being too outspoken about politics.
My mental illness worsening or hindering me from being successful
Due to COVID-19 testing, certain resources of the global scientific infrastructure supporting biopharmaceutical industry have been redirected due to the huge demand.  See:   https://news.bloomberglaw.com/health-law-and-business/pipette-tip-supply-gaps-snarl-cash-infusion-for-covid-19-testing Especially with regard to consumables, such as PPE and  pipette tips for manual or automated liquid handling machines, some of these items are backordered for weeks/months and thus delay work in our laboratory.
Inability to fully engage due to constraints imposed by pandemic (child care).
The prejudice and injustice in our country and the seeming inability of government to get any work done due to the extreme polarization of the parties and the mentality of self and not the greater good.
In past few months I was dealing with family care issues and my manager and whole team were very supportive ( beyond expectations)
Merck isn't the same company to work at as it used to be, basically doesn't care about the employees.
Finding a relaxing way to enjoy vacation days
To be able to continue working from home in the long term. Our work in our department (and probably other departments) is mainly done remotely with the sites, the global or international teams and colleagues across Canada already working from home. Having the flexibility maintained to be working from home (5 days a week) allows greater efficiency, allows a much greater life balance for the family / children, health and less stress of travel schedule of traffic.... It will be a pleasure to come to work at the office, as needed, when there is added value to work in person in a team or attend meetings with my colleagues in the office at a frequency of once or twice a month for example. The flexibility in our schedule that can be adapted on employees preference, it confirms that our company prioritizes the well-being of its employees which leads us to be even more committed to the company and our day to day job.
work/life balance
Increased production at our facility without increasing capacity has strained nearly every individual on the shop floor.
Not enough people getting vaccinated & the anxiety over going back to "normal".
Ability to work the way I should with our customers.  When vaccinated we should be able to go to work if accepted by customers.
Reducing onerous processes and barriers to getting work done within Merck.
Job flexibility
Work Life balance is a struggle.  The amount of meetings at very early or very late times and still working at home blurs the lines between family and work.  Also, upper management has many priorities but feel that we do not have enough resources to accomplish which creates stress.
1, Executing new initiatives requires the use of existing resources which is very challenging in managing day to day priorities. 2. Merck should not provide political commentary and remain neutral so all employees feel inclusive.
Merck talks about D & I but for the “white person” they are racist.  D & I  should truly be D & I not just one color.  Everywhere you look is black this, black that.
Remote work policy post-pandemic and flexibility
Flexibility and work-life support
My manager causing me stress and inability help me tackle obstacles while causing more stress
1.  Constant changes in staff and systems etc. etc give me a high level of anxiety. Never feel settled. 2.  Getting back to 'nomal' and when. 3.  Life on the other side of the pandemic; what will it be like?
Wellbeing (work - life balance) GCTO high workoverload
I believe that as a company we should not promote a political agenda. We run the risk of alienating customers who do not agree with the agenda and will loose business. Our #1 priority should be to run a profitable business and not get in to the realm of political activism. Yes, we should operate in a socially responsible manner and we are free to define what that looks like for Merck. But I feel we have recently crossed the line into activism when we support boycotting States because we object to the decisions of their elected government.
Work and personal life balance.  Working from home have increased work load significantly, specially this year 2021.   This increase in work load is not related to Organon spin-off.  Working 11-14 hrs a day and still not been able to complete all tasks.  Working on order of priority on day by day basis.
My biggest concern is not be recognized for 20 yrs plus of service WITHOUT EVER being moved up in level/pay.  I'm barely beyond novice, entry level pay/position for my length of service.  This will fall on deaf ears as well, but you asked!
Upcoming life changes and long distance move.
There are a number of initiatives at Merck that appear to be driven by the political climate and the media rather than a true sense of social justice.  Employees are "strongly encouraged" to participate in activities that may not coincide with their personal views.  I have heard employees state that they feel intimidated to speak up and voice their opinion for fear they will be mis-labled and outcast.
I was transferred to other city and I have to travel every week to stay with my family. Few monts ago,  two new CRAs start working from vendors to MSD and they were located in my original city but I continuos working in other city despite to request to be transferred.
Work/Life balance
health care costs
My biggest challenge right now is managing/absorbing all the additional responsibility and workload that has come with Organon standup and Merck rebuild on top of COVID challenges and projects with then Fortify and EX25 priorities coming on top of that.  I am concerned that for me, my team, and colleagues across operations and functions that we interact with, all this sustained increased workload could overstress the organization and result in retention challenges and brand damage.
Work/life balancead
I am concerned, but hopeful that the Biden administration can make significant improvements in the US regarding racial injustice, climate change, infrastructure, and specifically Public Health infrastructure.  I am most concerned about far-right nativism and the segments of the media that promote it.
generally work-life balance
Career trajectory
Balancing work and personal life without feeling guilty about it.
I wish Our Chairman and CEO was not a Racist
I am concerned about my pay. I think I am well underpaid.
try to level enormous workload and stress.
Extremely difficult to achieve work / life balance.
Workload is too much. I work extremely long hours and still can't keep up.
Ken Fraiser’s political actions/opinions have ZERO relevance to Merck or my job at Merck!
Concerned about Merck trying to influence my view of life. I do not agree with Leadership making political statements or trying to influence my beliefs and house I view right for wrong.
Pipeline of new products or updated labels that will keep us competitive in 3-5 years
I am concerned about a miriad of social justice issues happening in the US and abroad right now, particularly BIPOC, indigenous, low income and trans people are having their rights threatened in the US. I also worry that there are public health issues, such as access, that keep the drugs we produce from reaching everyone who needs them.
Excessive workload.  Important study meetings cover majority of work day therefore actual work is done on personal evening time.  Management acknowledges workload verbally with little action to address workload.  Upper management continues to add more studies to workload without adequate resources, What is more important employee welfare or satisfying upper management goals.  New hires are brought on late, insufficient time to mentor.  Large # of new employees - balancing workload and mentoring is challenging.  Covid has increased the stress on employees across multiple functional areas and no solution is in sight.
Family
Keeping up with the pace of change due to DI requirements and other initiatives targeted at improving compliance but increase the difficulty to do everyday work.
Building climate change into culture here and long term company plans forward.
It depends - we have great leaders and employees, who are inspiring... and we have others.
Strategic direction of my functional area
Heavy workload is causing anxiety and taking time off doesn't help.  I have ended up working every time I try to take vacation.
Medical benefit and employee's contribution is too high comparing to other organizations in the industry.
To continue to work from home or have the choice once they open things back up.
the amount of work and all meetings all the time, double triple booked and no balance. It feels like it is said to balance but it is not truly practiced and that is actually the expectation. People have good intentions but the stress level is high and people are maxed.
Work/life balance during home-office
Lack of salary growth
Laboral Stability
I am concerned about the environement and consequences of the climate change on the population
Local leadership
I have reported some concerns and awaiting outcome of the investigations
Many changes in corporate senior leadership.
How Merck is set up for success and How quickly we can move to position ourselves as leaders for the future.
Completing work during working hours.
I am sick of this company not focusing on its obligation to return shareholder equity - focus less on thinking we are interested in your personal politics. Stay out of it or at least quit sharing with us. It is not your role!
I gain significant energy from working closely with my colleagues and employees, and I am REALLY looking forward to going back to in-person work as opposed to virtual.
SIP is not working at the sites.  They strongly dislike it and dislike working in it.  I have had to hear complaints about SIP for a solid year. It's not intuitive, it's not easy to use and the sites are extremely frustrated using it.  Merck CRAs are frustrated with it and senior CRAs and CTCs are departing from the company as one of the major reasons. No one wants to work in it. It was rolled out poorly and the other companies are not forcing their sites into using it.  We've fallen behind on being a partner of choice because of it.
While the digital technology poses significant improvements in accuracy and some efficiencies; it comes with an equivalent amount of electronic over checks that will be required so I'm not feeling as though our work life will get much lighter.  Also with the way things like GLIMS and EMPOWER have been handled and handed off along with poor performance I am not confident that TEL will be any better. Lab X is going to double the testing times required so efficiency will be LOST which ADDS to our work load and work STRESS.  Validation USED to be the way Merck operated and ENSURED things worked well for the END USERS. Training was always done well in the past, but nowadays it seems things are just being thrown at us for us to figure out how to use them and support for the necessary changes are not available.
Would be good to get bank into the workplace, at least for some part of the week when Covid in under control.  Full time WFH is not for everyone, but understand why it is remains necessary.
Seeing the other side of the current transitions that are in process.
work life balance
Company's long term growth strategy
More WFH/flexible schedule opportunities
Stress and balancing responsibilities of my role with the amount of meetings scheduled on a regular basis.
Work Life balance
Meeting customer and field reps needs with current restrictions
Financial security
Merck’s political involvement can be negatively perceived by customers
to manage to work at home without feeling the day as the same day every day.
Mental Health
being allowed back in our offices!!!!
It's challenging to keep motivation high while not being able to meet face to face with customers. All the government's safety restrictions negatively impact my morale
Equality in compensation and support for women
Work/life balance
simply too much division in the country, and people feed on an 'us-them' mentality. Merck does a great job of creating a sense of purpose and belonging in a crazy world
The overload of info/technology and communication is overwhelming sometimes... I feel there is too much of it and its left to the employee to sifter through it and try to find what's most relevant... we talk more to screens, and phones... and spend way too much time on our different links trying to find the info  we need. Technology is rapidly evolving and I feel there is a lag for us to catch up...
Work life balance is out of balance more often than not lately.  Looking to restoration of that.  I am completely supported by my Manager and have zero concerns in that capacity.  The amount of work though has reached levels unseen in my nearly 20 years with the Company.  I appreciate the increased focus on priority setting that I am seeing among management and hope that continues.  These are unique times and I am very fortunate for my career here.
balancing work demands and personal life
Equal opportunities for people with more experience ( older age group)
We have had many processes changes in the last two years it's hard to keep up with all the changes.  Many of the tasks Ie: multiple checklists and trackers we are required to perform are not value added and somewhat redundant.
Impact of COVID19 on Health Care delivery over the next couple of years.
the market and my company retirement savings
Work / Life Balance
Career Planning
Too many procedures
Getting back out into the field to make a better impact on customers and patients
Country leadership
Stress and work life balance. We are very under resourced and it is impacting team Morale. The senior leadership at the top level is not aligned with the  stress levels and work load on the ground, as the overall message is not reflective of the challenges we are facing and resource constraints.
I wish Merck would stay out of Politics and Social issues
micro management by leadership team
The ridiculous amount of “paperwork“ , Reports, redundant workshops, and teleconferences for the sake of having a teleconference.  The way this company trips over themselves and is afraid of their own shadow.  The Way Merck is completely risk averse.  The way Merck hires hard charging intelligent driven focused people and then after they become part of the company they handcuff them  with ridiculous policies and rules and restrictions which often leads to them leaving or at the least, not feeling fulfilled in their job.    The way Merck folded like a wet towel to the liberal Lefts demands with the diversity and inclusion program when there was  essentially  no real problem to start with in the company.  Seriously, it is not like we didn’t already believe in diversity and inclusion before this program.   Now, I feel sorry for anyone who gets promoted because everyone wonders if it is because of D and I  or if they really deserved it. Nice way to make someone proud of their promotion
Change within company and adhering to our values
I am very concerned about political activism both within and outside the company, which is being done in a way that alienates many employees and presents our company in a negative light, in my view.  I do not agree with extreme political agendas clearly being advocated/pursued by Sr. management and those in HR responsible for training, hiring, etc.  I know that many in my department feel the same way, and I am concerned that the company risks losing a critical mass of talent if they do not actively work against the values of those with strongly held religious and traditional beliefs.
Lack of importance for COVID.  Disease is still out there and we have removed almost all controls we had in the past.
Coming changes to the organization that may impact group, leading to personal changes and/or create a lot of anxiety to staff that will require much active management
Family, in generalMore opportunites
After the pandemic, I'm concerned about working in an open space environment.  Also concerned about not knowing the plan of our new leadership.
I’m most concerned about the company requiring employee agreement with the tenants of Critical Social Theory in excessive Diversity and Inclusion initiatives.  Some of these tenants are inconsistent with my religious beliefs and practices.  Employees whose religious beliefs are firmly rooted in a traditional Judeo-Christian ethic are feeling unsafe in this progressive political-social environment.  We just want to do our jobs without feeling harassed by controversial and non-scientific social theories.
The COVID-19 pandemic has made childcare less available and has made me feel less secure about my job. In addition, the frequent campus consolidations and moves also make me deeply concerned about safety and health. The campus consolidations do not appear to accommodate growing headcount, which makes me deeply concerned about lack of social distancing and my ability to keep myself and my family healthy, even in the post-pandemic period.
Open space/return to office and conduciveness to productivity
Organizational Vision and Direction. We are not providing a well articulated view of our key priorities and work that will drive the needs of the organization that will help people feel connected and contributing to something in the future. We might think that people should know about project this or that, but they're not clearly communicated; we should be over communicating! Employees don't see a connection to the big picture which is driving a lot of anxiety, feeling overwhelmed and uninspired. Leaders at various levels of the organization are tone deaf to the needs of the employees, the increased workload and continue to focus on hitting a "number" that needs to be met. You can't meet numbers if you lose your best people. We also have to change the "look" and diversity of our leaders so that others see themselves in those roles and be more relatable. The leaders of the future  (men and more women) need to be more visionary, inspirational while delivering on company objectives.
Too much work; too much pressure; we only work and do not live
Gender pay inequality
Work and personal life balance
Work-Life balance
My department needs to replace employees who leave. There is consistently an attitude of "trying to fill the gaps with what we have", resulting in overworked employees, who then get frustrated and leave themselves. Our department has had to resort to consultants which, had proper planning been done, wouldn't need to have happened. That extremely expensive workaround could have been avoided and the money could have been used internally.
My last 15 years of pay is not beating the inflation
Work-life balance
I am concerned about the companies ability to change and be a leader.  We are so afraid to try new things and compliance constantly holds us back
Solid company, though long term with prospects are unknown once Keytruda patent expires.  Pipeline is there, but it is a pipeline and can go either way.
Work Resources: the reduction in number of times we can meet a customer over meals will have a significant impact on our ability to interact with customers and will have a downstream negative effect on patient outcomes. Similarly, the changes to policy with regards to medical education will have a similar impact. Our role in the field is to help our customers build confidence through knowledge of our products so that they can make the best decisions for the right patients. When we start restricting our ability to access customers we limit the transfer of knowledge that is critical for appropriate use of our products. I am so disheartened by these changes as I know they will negatively impact patient outcomes and that is the opposite of our mission.  Politics: Unfortunately, our politics have become incredibly divisive. This has been driven in large part to media interests from what I can tell. Recently it appears that large corporations are also involved and Merck seems to be included.
How they are going to balance the advantage the employees that work from home have from essential employees (salary increase, etc.)
Financial Security
The R.A.T. has become a barrier to doing this job well.  Other companies are back in full force, and we still have to wait until Friday at 3:00 PM to plan for the next week.  Quite frankly, customers are not sympathetic to their Merck reps canceling and rescheduling based on an access tool that is totally unpredictable and leaves them hanging.  It makes Merck look terrible instead of being the premier pharma sales company.  It is time to move forward!
I am concerned about how exhausted I am and the long hours I'm working. I have breaks in my day due to dog walking and forcing myself to stop and eat dinner with my spouse. But my days are starting earlier and ending later. And I am still very much behind. I cannot continue in this path. I exercise, try to eat health, play with my pets, but I am burned out. A week's vacation didn't help and may have made it worse. My spouse lost their job about a year ago and that's adding to the stress as they are struggling emotionally and physically with the lack of work and prospects. It is also stressful being the only income in the family. It feeds into the work cycle as I think I need to work harder and longer hours to make up for this. Finally, I am very concerned about the company's approach to the political situation. While I get the need to lobby, providing financial support to Senators and Representatives in the US who tried to vote to overturn the will of the country is disappointing.
Managing the work overload that just continues to pile up. IT Transformation, Fortify, Spin-Off, budget savings, transformation to the cloud, full virtual working environment. it's just more and more on the plate never any less and it's unsustainable
Understanding what my priorities . Apparent inequalities in hiring.
I feel like trying to get a hold of HR for anything of importance is close to impossible, especially when it comes to pay elections and insurance questions,
Loosing opportunities while I am out on maternity leave that will help me to move to the next level
How my salary compares to others in the industry. I think it is lower than others'.
Diversity in the Work Force (Autism, and Mental Wellness)
We are not given the resources we need at the higher levels to get our department running properly.  Much of our management is very inexperience and attempts to make up for it with unfounded confidence and arrogance.
Things I am concerned about right now are how to increase my salary, how to get promoted, and what tasks I can get involved in that bring purpose to my job and company.
Salary and benefits
Transitioning my two daughters to college
Concerned about staying updated on company's long term viability as it impacts retirement
The pace of work since most employees began working from home has increased enormously. Obviously a lot of resources were being expended on something unproductive in the old way of working, but that resource wastage seems to have been from people who create work rather than from people who do work. The company needs to find a way to prioritize efforts and sideline less critical projects.
Concerned about family issues like my child going to college next fall and my elderly parent recovering from recent surgery.  These. are obviously very personal but on my mind almost every day.
Labor availability particularly related to COVID.
Quantity of work and the hours we are needing to work in order to keep up.
working at home due to the pandemic - there is no work/life balance - meetings are being scheduled for all times of the day and night - people expect answers to their emails sent at 9 and 10:00 at night - there is no time off - even when one tries to take a day off, there is no coverage and one ends up logging in on the day off - or working 12-14 hours the day after a day off to keep up with everything. I would love to have some vacation where I don't have to log in and take care of work during the vacation.
(1) Lack of empowerment and trust (multiple reviews/layers of approvals) that slows down decision-making (2) Limited career progression opportunities if you are not well networked or "in-the-circle" with senior leaders; the leaders are not willing to take a risk on people with diverse experiences/backgrounds (3) The performance management program/process that continues to be subjective: in a high-performing team, how is it that only ONE person is deemed high-performer? And how can two people focused on delivering totally different business outcomes be compared? The current structure promotes mediocrity and not excellence - it is demotivating
Work life balance and the need for working from home full time or hybrid.
With all of the talk of racial injustice, as a white middle-aged male, I feel as though I am the one being discriminated against for being a good worker and being educated. Too many people in my organization are just coasting along and being lazy and nothing is said to them for fear of being labeled racist or intolerant or in fear of retaliation from management(HR). No matter what the corporate rhetoric, it is obvious that the standards for employment have been lowered to accommodate those that do not have the ability, knowledge, or initiative to properly do the job. But those that are willing and eager to work are being loaded up with other persons work and then being reprimanded if they do not complete the work in a timely manner or they refuse to do someone else's work. This creates an environment of a "No Care" attitude. This is very counterproductive to our environment of "Diversity and Inclusion".  We should be promoting good work ethics not reverse descrimination.
Managing Increased workload sometimes driven by above site initiatives while dealing with COVID-related challenges, turnover, and cost reduction goals.
to better understand where the company is going related to covid vaccines
We have a CEO that has polar opposite political, world and societal views from the field based work force and Merck Animals Health’s clients and customers.  He uses the Merck system to express these views with no ramifications or accountability.  Merck PAC supported a presidential candidate that also has opposing view points to production agriculture, this is extremely negative for the short and long term future of Merck AH.
Complete work life balance. Someone who will actually look at the time we are reporting and recognizing that something needs to change. People need to be supported. Not to have to work every night of the week.
Balancing work/life priorities
work/life balance
workload, burnout
How unsettled the world is as a whole.
Concerned about our pipeline and the Company's competitiveness.
Other - concerned of job growth and career promotion
Being pulled in too many directions distracted by busy administrative work.  It seems more "tasks" are being assigned and others not being taken away.  The administrative tasks assigned more often than not do not require my credentials to address or complete and yet they consume more and more of my work day.
Employee Burnout
Work/Life balance to avoid burnout
Work life balance
How the pandemic continues to influence our ability to interact with customers in a meaningful way, and our customers willingness to interact in the face of continued disruption.
We are hopping on to all the popular woke trends of the moment and not adhering to our core business.
Merck taking a position on voters rights (starting with GA) and the potential to divide employees and alienate our customers.
Lack of job opportunities for Reps in the field. Field sales has become a dead end job.
Home / personal life balancing.
Money. Payscale.
Poor workplace morale, number of people with expertise leaving the company
Hostile work environment/All employees extremely overloaded with work
Work/Life Balences
Family's health due to COVID; Company and Company Leaders becoming far too involved in politics - our employees have diverse views on numerous issues and this is divisive and creates covering in the workplace if you don't share their views; concerned about the health of our country created by today's divided environment on so many issues.
Work life balance - despite prioritizing my work I find it's very challenging to do my work with all the meetings during the day.  I frequently have to work in the evening to catch up on my emails and do my work. I think the ''Friday no meeting policy'' is a great step towards a better balance.
Other: Maintaining my mental health while only being able to work from home.
Lack of community at the site
The health of my family, including aging parents.
my managers are not transparent and fair
ensuring the right capabilities for the future within my group
Being able to perform my job activities working remotely
Amount of work the org has taken on versus the need to cut costs is over whelming. Seems counter intuitive to be giving up so much value-added work for the sake of few resources. Always a struggle to comprehend. The value of work that can be done with impactful number of resources far outweighs the cost of hiring
When our CEO, Ken Frazier, spoke up on Charlottesville, George Floyd and the Capital Riots, I was incredibly proud and and fully aligned with the sentiment and facts of each situation.  However, when I saw the Georgia voting response from our company, I was not on board.  I see the Georgia situation  as highly political and not based on facts.  I felt I was looking at things objectively by believing that we need  two things.  One, to make voting accessible to every single person who wants to vote and two, to have a system/process that is secure. This seems reasonable to me.  And I felt this is what Georgia was attempting to do.  As a result of our company’s comments, I was not aligned with our company’s position. I believe we were contributing toward further racial division in our country and we were contributing toward a false narrative.  Many customers voiced their displeasure with that position to us as well.
I am in total support of Merck's Diversity and Inclusion engagement. I pride myself for having a sales team that is very diversified and inclusive. Though valuable,  D n I is taking up a lot of time and energy and I feel people are feeling that D n I is being a bit heavy handed. My people need development in many areas, not just in their understanding of Diversity and Inclusion.
work life integration
1. Economy and how that will impact our performance and in turn our jobs.  2. Be able to grow within the organization
My mental well being having worked at home for over a year.
Merck has lost focus on what our mission is.  To provide life saving medications to patients.  We have ventured into the political arena for no apparent reason which hurts our brand.  The election law change in Georgia is a purely political issue.  One party wanting voters to show ID to vote the other saying that shouldn’t be required.  Although one party frames the other as racist because they want voters to show ID, it is a political argument.  When Merck takes a side, are we calling our colleagues who think showing ID to vote, as racists?  I support voters being required to show ID to vote.  How am I supposed to feel safe having this opinion in a company that formally takes a position that that stance is racist.  Am I at risk of be disciplined because I hold this political view which is contrary to our companies political stance?  Let’s stay out of political issues which dilute and hurt our brand.
Management will throw you under the bus in my department and there are a bunch of sorority sisters equated to "Mean Girls" that need to be eradicated from the department. If you aren't in the "In" crowd, then you are definitely stepped on and belittled every opportunity. And there is no one to talk to for guidance in this matter. It's an awful feeling and is very depressing to have to work under these women. I have never hated my job more than I do today and I have been with the company for many years.
The future plans - when we will be back on the road, or how long we will be working from home. (should we adopt a dog?) should we start to plan move?
My salary and bonuses are much lower at Merck than the same Regulatory position at other pharmaceutical companies.
Back to normal, if we overcome the virus.
Other: Low salary based on my experience and industry standard
Ability to remain relevant with customers.
Delivering Results to meet PPO expectations... Lower potential for bonuses
I do NOT want to physically go back to work in the office again. Remote is so much better than commuting, public bathrooms, wearing adult clothing, drinking office coffee, packing a lunch or eating garbage cafeteria food, or sitting in overcrowded disease-ridden conference rooms (people are gross).
Being considered for a promotion when having proven qualifications, skills and experience.
How do we smoothly transition from our mainly work from home model to back in the office a few days a week (or all week).  Knowing, that things have changed, schools and after school programs are not open as late and also expect you to be home with your kids in a day's notice.
Increased product demands and expectations in an environment that is understaffed and limited in its capacity to meet the demands.
Work/Life Balance and Career Progression/Growth
Workload and unreasonable timeline expectations; for certain teams, the deadlines are constant. It is not possible to take any time off.
Most concerned with maintaining business momentum in year 2 of the pandemic. There continue to be many legitimate distractions from COVID to Organon spin, to future of work, financial strains, etc that our people are feeling.  At the same time, we have more to do than we ever have and the external environment is moving fast.  We need to do the same.
multiple layers of communication, bureaucracy and slow decision making
The end to COVID and some sense of normalcy
Cost of Merck's healthcare.
Future of company due to so many changes in the senior leadership role.
Company losing focus on what is most important.
Have been unable to go and do my job since Covid hit. I have been stuck at home instead of seeing my customers for over a year now. Living this Red and Green from week to week, and not being able to do my job is more stressful on me than Covid ever will be!!!
concerned about future work and pipeline
Politicization of Merck
The constant changes with MSD staff during Covid 19 pandemic.  The great effort with all the workload and the constant adjustment we have to do
facilities and the way that employees are being treated/considered with respect to the move to RY.
personal development. i've been stagnant in my role and shown the ability to do higher level work; howver, high turnover and lack of opportunities have slowed my own personal development.
Covid related.
Price controls and the former administrations pharma policy before leaving office.
My replies do not apply to Merck per se. They are general concerns about the current conditions in life. Merck has done a tremendous job to provide me with a safe and healthy workplace.
Other - I am currently concerned with my ability to move to a different role within the organization.
Covid restrictions - really hampers how we do business.
Forcing us to travel before it is safe. I see a lot of mangers putting pressure on their teams. Too many rules are being bent/broken. It keeps getting worse.
Competing with Catalog companies on Nobivac Vaccines. Clinics find a way to get our vaccines at a lower cost.   Need MAP on vaccines like Bravecto. Few reps get credit for catalog companies.
staying connected
Culture changes with new regime Financial constraints due to the $3B revenue loss
managing the stress that comes with a complicated work/life balance
I would like reassurances that going forward after the pandemic that Merck will continue to support employees with unique family situations with the work environment they need to be successful at Merck and continue to care for their families. Remote working has been embraced and a balance of the current environment with a "back in the office" environment will ensure retention of top talent.
the pandemic - long term impacts of it and return to normal (ish) whenever that might be
Cultural changes at Merck AH
Fear of retaliation from management for escalating compliance concerns or disagreeing with their decisions and the impact to prospective job opportunities.
I love working remotely.  My anxiety is gone.  My neck pain is much better.  I hope the company adapts a hybrid work week for those of us who prefer to work remotely in a drama free environment.
I'm concerned at the fact that I take my orders from someone who doesn't know how to do my job. My manager seems to allow this person to run the shop as they see fit. I'm afraid to stand up for myself because I fear retaliation.
Receiving a clear vision from the site on when we can return to site if we're not "critical"
The deep political divide in our country caused by the extremes on both ends.
More Technical Learning courses should be available in Learning app
Work-life balance
My biggest concern is the impact the pandemic is having on my children. We are physically healthy, I have my job and a roof over our heads. But I really worry about my children’s emotional health.
Enough capacity to get product produced and out to customers.
Concerns about plans for return to in-person work and shared space, in light of the pandemic - shared space is undesirable
Direction Merck is heading to.
The site I support is in the midst of a lot of challenges with the majority being a shift in culture and mindset.  There is a lot to be done which is exciting but there is a level of stress that comes with this.
Financial Security
work life balance. My level of stress is extremely highRespe
I am most concerned about burnout. While the company culture is very positive, in our Animal Health Global Marketing team, we are suffering badly. Even though people speak up, I have yet to see leaders acknowledge the problem, attempt to remedy it, or even ask for help. It feels as though they are indifferent to us as human beings and caretakers for others (aging parents, children, other) during a pandemic. For this reason, I am strongly considering leaving my role.
I am concerned about work life balance.  The company announced that they will support a flexible work schedule but I do not feel like my direct management will support it.  I have been able to do my best work since I have been able to work remotely. I am better able to focus on my job and put additional time into my work without the stress of having to come into the office. Merck leadership needs to support remote work for those who prefer it.
Politics should not be brought into the company.   All communications should be neutral.
I am most concerned that this is the list you think we are most concerned about.  I am concerned that we are getting over inflated financial budget expectations from the top down regardless of the market conditions we indicate, the soaring cost of goods, and the lack of new products in the pipeline, and the bureaucracy that slows it all down and inhibits adaptation.  I am concerned that this company is getting involved in news cycle issues like State level voting laws, State level political issues like transgender bathroom use, etc..  Leave that for the politicians, the news media, and the citizens of those states to deal with and lets focus on our core business without all of that peripheral distraction.  Business is business.
We still don't have a way for my son to have school or aftercare outside of the house.  Between myself and my spouse that mean's we must have at least one person at home with him every day.
Working in the lab during the pandemic has been incredibly stressful.  It's a lose-lose scenario.  There is tremendous pressure to generate data per usual, while the bulk of MRL works from home impatiently waiting for the data to roll in.  We are struggling trying to staff through COVID exposures and need to quarantine outside of work, and at work.  The stress is relentless.  When I try to advocate for staff at year end reviews, I'm told we're not innovative and have no signature accomplishments beyond doing what we've always done.  translation; we are taken for granted.
I have been RIFed a few times. Never feel secure.
lack of promotions
I just joined MSD less than a year and finished my first performance review with my manager this year. However, he did not seem interested in discussing my career development plan with me. He decided that based on the reason of I just joined the company. However, I feel like, even as a new team player to the game, I want to continuously build my skill set and have a plan about potential career development. If people can't be so ambitious in MSD, they will find other opportunities outside of the company. I really hope that we have better structure and plans to help people grow with MSD. So, we don't lose any talents.
Work-life balance
I see many programs being cancelled in the Vaccines area without much to replace the cancelled programs, in the pipeline.  I am worried that there is a sudden lack of programs in our vaccine pipeline.    I am worried that our new MRL president does not value vaccines.  I am also alarmed that the new departmental management has replaced all of our previous managers within the last 12-15 months.  What does that mean?  Those people had decades of experience and were still valuable contributors.
Work/life balance out of whack with too much work and no opportunity for movement due to RtB.
Merck has traditionally been a company I am proud to work for.  However, now there is so much stress and anxiety due to constant system and process changes.  Site Ready timelines are being reduced making it hard to reach my role's responsibilities in an efficient and knowledgeable way.  At the end of the day, there are too many items that are beyond my capacity to control, making stress a high day to day constant.
Work life balance
High stress in all things in the world right now.
I would like advancement in pay raises that equal the salary/bonus structure offered to Oncology.  If you love Merck and want to stay because you love Merck, it’s hard to advance in salary as a sales rep. You would need to apply for Oncology positions.  However, many of us are happy and passionate about the divisions that we are currently in as well as enjoy the management team that supports us.
Targeting and harassment from union members towards female salaried employees within our IPT.
I'm concern about not achieving the objectives this year, they are so challenging and with the cut of resources and headcount, increases the amount of hours we need to spend working to achieve goals
None at the current time
I am most worried about keeping my head up and getting my job done because each day it gets a little harder. I don’t feel appreciated and I feel beat up and wore down. It is tough when you know many of your counterparts got hired in at salaries far higher than yours when you have significant tenure, true loyalty to your company, proven success and your company doesn’t seem to value that.
shareholder pressure to maintain margins and all of the variables associated with that....hiring freeze, down sizing, maintaining conservative salary, LTI and bonus structures, increasing healthcare premiums, etc.
Merck executives have become overly political and outspoken on matters that have nothing to do with the pharmaceutical business.  Pharma executives are not where i go to for guidance on contentious political, legal or ethical issues.
Work life balance
work load is increasing
I'm concerned that Merck is focusing on various political issues without realizing other issues going on in the world.  Why doesn't Merck speak up when Christians are being persecuted and martyred.  Refer to these links.  https://www.christianitytoday.com/news/2021/april/egypt-isis-kill-coptic-christian-nabil-habashi-salama-sinai.html  https://www.christiantoday.com/article/christian.leaders.remember.21.men.martyred.by.isis.in.libya/136387.htm   https://forthemartyrs.com/10-facts-about-christian-persecution/?utm_term=most%20persecuted%20religious%20group&utm_campaign=Christian+Persecution&utm_source=adwords&utm_medium=ppc&hsa_acc=9723476535&hsa_cam=11592208937&hsa_grp=118672749331&hsa_ad=478927557986&hsa_src=g&hsa_tgt=kwd-1009134290857&hsa_kw=most%20persecuted%20religious%20group&hsa_mt=b&hsa_net=adwords&hsa_ver=3&gclid=EAIaIQobChMI-tqh07OQ8AIV5gZ7Ch1KggjlEAAYAiAAEgLt2vD_BwE
While I do understand the value in being back in the office work location and there will be protocols in place to keep us as safe as possible, returning to the workplace setting concerns me.
Other: My Salary/Compensation vs my peers is not equal for the impact and value I deliver for the business, in addition to my years of experience and degree. Salaries and adjustments should be based on merit and not goals or targets.
Relationship
Religious discrimination against Christians.  Promotion of a progressivist social policy agenda against which no one is allowed to challenge.  Why is the company pushing any social agenda and corresponding policies that have nothing to do with researching and developing new drugs?
Too many of these apply to be able to pick just 3 -- generally worried about the overall state of our world.
standard of the work environment is very low and hard to keep motivated
Managing Extreme Workload
Work load is extremely overwhelming
- Balancing Work/personal life; very long working hours and we don´t see this getting better any time soon  - Being able to get vaccinated against Covid as soon as possible; would like to see the company supporting us as employees on this regard Ex USA
Racial Injustice and Politics should not be the focus of Merck, rather we should focus on inclusion of our workforce with the goal of improving lives with quality drug products.  Any demonstrated preference/alignment to a political party or a race/class alienates others not aligned.  Political misalignment does not impact nor should not impact an inclusive goal-focused workforce.
One big concern is the ability to balance my work and family time
My promotion COVID-19
Work/Life Balance - #1 pain point
Work stress/burn out
Opportunities to grow professionally within current position and the possibility of moving up
Too many PPT should be prepared for every tasks. For example, we have to prepare deck for talent review even though having WorkDay. These kind of duplicated job to fit individual needs really makes inefficiency and overload. Leading company has been trying to remove burdensome and inefficiency from daily working to focus on the important matters.
Meaningful career opportunity/promotional consideration as our team is stagnant
Mi biggest concern is that we are loosing great people to other companies due to our Salaries.  Merck seems to not be up to par with salaries especially when it comes to competitors and because of this we have lost great people and it is unfortunate that we will continue to loose more in the near future. I have seen this happen more than once in the last six months. It is hard to turn down an opportunity from competitors when they are offering a 20-30% increase in pay and Merck will not even visit or acknowledge the issue. This issue has really impacted moral and work ethic and in the end we as a company will all end up hurting.
Not being able to have home office when we have to go back to normal
Work-life balance remains more difficult since the pandemic.  For me there is some improvement since the worst period May-Aug 2020, but still a challenge.  More meeting times, zoom fatigue, and less time for strategic thinking.
Compensation
"Work-life balance" seems to be only a public relations phrase.  I work in a management-made high pressure, limited-rewards work environment that seems to thrive on extreme frustration and adding more barriers to completing assignments.  At the end of the day, job satisfaction is minimal.    The systems I have to work with are a hodge-podge of difficult requirements that keep you  jumping through hoops.  At the end of the day you are just trying to keep higher management from slamming you for hitting or missing non-value added metrics.  I'm am older member of the workforce (60+) and feel like he goal here is to frustrate me into quitting or harass me until I'm fired.
Unfair promotion practices at Merck.  Salary and bonuses are low.
Travel back to hometown
Anticipated upcoming reorganization
Lack Job opportunities to advance career, lack of opportunities to grow
Medical affairs doesn't provide it's employee with enough opportunities to develop. Also, regardless of hardwork there's a few channels to get to the next level of the career. Sometimes openly talking about career ambitions is a stigma. It would be good if this situation changes worldwide and talented medical colleagues get a chance to follow their dreams
With financial pressures more work is being spread across an already stressed workforce. The pace is very challenging and new work continues to be introduced without prioritization of existing work. I understand the desire to work in a lean model, but we need then support more agile working and trust our teams to perform (and empower them more). Over management of them increases work that does not always deliver high value.
The woke culture shift within our company is frightening.  I really hope leadership will look to thought leaders like Thomas Sowelll, Dennis Prager and Jacob Peterson to recognize the misguided ways things are being handled this past year.  For example, the immediate company employee communication identifying the salon shootings as ‘Asian hate’ vs. the act of a mentally deranged individual, while at the same time remaining embarrassingly silent just a week later on the Colorado supermarket shooting perpetrated by a Middle eastern man against.  I find it the very definition of racism that only white people are identified as doing racist things.
Balancing the workload , because i feel that  i don't have a correct work-life balance
The flexibility to work from home is extremely important to eliminate the anxiety of Covid-19 exposure
Home situation, moving, purchasing a new home
Cohesion of the Bendigo site master planning from a Architectural flow point of view.
Achieving career aspiration & Personal growth,
Salary.  I wish Merck considers cost of living salary adjustments for those of us that live in more expensive parts of the country.
You may lead a horse to the water, but you can't make him drink
my career
lack of management to address habitual absences resulting in forces in my workgroup
-Work life balance seemed not progress in Merck. Hope can see some innovative/ management to provide work life balance and avoid talents leaving MSD.  -When terminating people, the company should allow time for them to find new jobs. It's sad that people were terminated while needs to take care of their family and did not have a further job.
Achieving my priorities specifically the financial plan.
- Employee mindset (openness and receptive to changes as well as thinking out of the box)  - Bureaucratic mindset and management style in some countries - Lack of supportive mindset for stakeholders in general
Career opportunties
lack of staff
Work load, future pay increases and they have been minimal yet personal costs increased substantially.
Rising healthcare costs. Medical benefits should keep up with industry and healthcare costs.
Work Life Balance
I believe that Merck as a publicly held company, being made up by a diverse work force, should remain apolitical. Taking a political stance by the company leadership goes against the policy of diversity and inclusion. Hate has no place at Merck.
No Covid testing for workers, no vaccine programmed  for  staff.
Work/Life Balance has been absolutely brutal since COVID began. The amount of work continues to increase with no sign of slowing down, yet the expectation of delivering does not change. 8 hour work days feel like a thing of a past as more hours are needed to coordinate meetings and stay afloat. I spend majority of my nights catching up on emails instead of unwinding with things to relax. I understand the need to manage my own schedule and work with my managers, which I've done, but that doesn't stop the work from continuing to pile up for myself and my team. I recently took a mental health day just to step away, which helped, but I just ended returning to even more emails. Burnout for many people within the company is already occurring and I feel like most are afraid to speak out.
Workplace happiness seems concerning
The state of the economy in general
Work Life Balance, and the fact that the company is trying to push agile / scrum working methods in areas and in a way it is not appropriate to reach the goals and is currently making it more complex and complicated instead of being a tool to facilitate work. Customer Service is a problem and since it has been outsourced, a lot of mistakes happen which make customers angry.
Climate Change
Stress levels that lead to physical "issues", but they get woven away.
Work/Life Balance
Retention of people during Covid 19.
Other: social connections with my colleagues due to working from home.
to lose connection with others during covid times
getting vaccinated (Merck/MSD should have a plan to vaccinate its employees!)
I feel that Covid-19 and restricted business expenses have lessened the opportunity for professional development to further improve and expand my skill sets.
traveling - COVID restrictions
mental health and mental fitness
For the last years we see a negative change in the amount of people starting on temporarily base, these people have no prospect in getting a permanent position. In this way we don't keep the knowledge in the department since the most experienced people leave to other departments due to natural outflow. These positions are filled up with temporarily contracts but when these people get offers in other companies they have no reason to stay in our department since they most likely will not end up having a permanent job in BTS. Very sad to see we have a lot of talented colleagues who struggle with the above.
Loss of Freedom and 1st Amendment rights in the USA.  The inability to speak up without repercussions for disagreeing with the main stream media narrative.  The intimidation and silencing techniques being used by Marxist groups to achieve their agenda.  The increasing emphasis on documentation at Merck instead of understanding the science and manufacturing process.
climate change and our impact on this
Not supporting remote first environment.  Removing last fun from Teams - gifs.
impact remote working on teamwork and culture and development opportunities if not in line of sight of senior managers
Helping colleagues to feel comfortable to get back to face to face working
The focus and priorities of our division of the business are changing and this gives the appearance that my role is less relevant to the organization.
I have a new manager and based on my interactions with him, I wonder if he is receiving proper training on how to manage people.
Manager is allowed to hurt employee saying "your trouble is that you are single and have no children", and only solution for the employee is to leave company. CRD informed but manager supported. We are not allowed to report without negative consequences
InCompany Politics 2 levels above me.
We need to spend a lot of time being politically correct and looking after how other people feel even need to pay attention to those who do not do their job well. We have incidents where we provided feedback as part of the performance review but the staff who's been reviewed confronted the person who provided feedback, how come this is tolerated at MSD? There is workplace bully as well.
Stress at work
Actively preventing climate change
career and personal development
work life balance
Career development and stretching beyond my role.
Job security - the constant need to "compete/ask" for a promotion rather than normal promotion over time. Makes me not want to stay long-term that I have to "request" recognition and job advancement.  The fact that MSD enables one of the worst human-rights abusers in the world and will remain silent about what they're doing but will jump immediately and react to anything where it's politically popular to condemn it or there's no cost to doing so. I think MSD and other companies are complicit in making the world a worse place in the long-term in terms of us speaking to each other and enabling other bad government regimes when it's convenient to you..
Due to high workload the work/life balance is disturbed. This is not acknowledged by my management. This already had impact on my mental and physical health. Person who speak up are sanctioned. This creates an unsafe atmosphere and that open communication is not accepted..
I don't feel good with work from home as I miss to see my colleagues in person. As I am new and don't know processes and systems well, I would usually just turn my head to ask a question to my colleague. However, when first checking via electronic system whether college is available for a question, this is an additional barrier to do so.  To be clear: I fully understand and support that MSD is strict for working from home due to situation and requirements from government (in contrast to other companies).
Having our ability to deliver reliable software regularly, with minimal red-tape, eroded and thus slowing down our ability to deliver value to our customers.
Career growth (promotion and compensation)
World Economy / Balance Deficit
The Transformation and how it will impact the culture of team collaboration I have with my peers and their teams. I would like to see a clearer priority and focus area for our division. Right now it seems we are experiencing multiple movements across the CTO organization. I'm fine with this but I hope the new structure enables focus and better collaboration across all towers. That is vital for motivation and to shed any sense of despondency that might creep in if a clear message and strategy isn't communicated by LT.
The future of my position i.e. how will it evolve?, what would mean for me?, how can I stay relevant? and how to look ahead and prepare/pursue my next step(s) i(n MSD)
The impact of the pandemic in the global economy, since despite of the strong impact at this moment, everything is still in slow motion and with a lot of restriction, like in a surviving mode, for which the consequences will became more in the next couple of years.
How to be effective and add value in my role
Workload and -pressure
Challenges associated with transitioning back to the work place after 1+ years of mostly remote work.
how to get to higher level roles
Too few people are asked to do way too much with really poor planning. Big changes and ambitions are not matched with the resources and robust plans to achieve them, which means ultimately the ambitions are not reached and the belief in the leadership fails. Morale really is at rock bottom at the moment.
Company culture and openness (being frank, being bold, being consistent between communications and actions)
Stress and workload
Organisational changes that are coming
Being able to deliver results, in a scenario where things are new to me - and where I cannot visit the field, speak to customers nor meet my stakeholders in person (covid related)
An emphasized level of training for salaried Merck employees would be very beneficial. Perhaps assigning a SME as a mentor to actively guide the new P1's and P2's through the process of understanding the full scope of the manufacturing process? Just a suggestion, and I feel that it would greatly benefit the promotion of these salaried positions. Outside of that, this an amazing place to work, I never thought I would ever work for an organization that had so many benefits for it's people.
Health of parents
other: sentiment in the population due to either corona, corona politics and how we interact (or not interact) with each other. Freedom and sponteinity is missing
Career opportunities
Mental Health
Financial Strains & worries at home
work-life balance, it's encouraged by MSD and my manager/team but I am working on trying to find more things to do in my personal life (lockdown has made it difficult ) so that I don't work in my free time
The need to change the way we work and make decisions
I stopped watching mainstream media and ESPN to get away from politics and anti-police nonsense.  I open my company iPad and its in front of me.  There needs to be a separation of the CEO’s quest and stop pressing his opinions on employees.  Example:  He says votes are being suppressed by recent law as passed in GA.  You now need to be registered and have ID to vote in GA.  Why do I need to register with Merck if I am going to HQ and why do I need ID when I get there to gain access?  Why do I have to register for meetings and wear a badge that identifies me as a registered attendee?  CAN’T HAVE IT WORK ONLY THE WAY YOU WANT IT TO IN CERTAIN SITUATIONS!
work life balance
New ways of working in action, rather than just words up-bottom
Company future and performance (country focus)
I work in the biologics space - the aggregate resources required to support the growth trajectory are becoming a rate limiting influence as more and more programs enter late stage development. Many functional resources are supporting multiple programs/portfolios - excessive multi-tasking etc.. to contend with.
Mental health and psychological safety
I would really like a better work-life balance, where I don't feel stressed all the time and struggle to sleep because of work stress. I hope other divisions in MSD are better for this, I am only giving my perspective from my own division.
I had a very successful year in 2020 and bonus was taken away from me to give to those who were not successful. I would have won the VP award and trip. I feel that a company bringing in billions could afford to pay bonus to those below plan without taking it from us above plan.
Work/life balance
That leaders in my organization are stressed and create more stress further down in the organization by micromanaging and controlling rather than trusting and encouraging. It's sad as MSD is such an amazing company that I would otherwise gladly stay with. We have a leadership team that have done an fantastic job in keeping everybody well-informed and safe during the pandemic. But there is room for improvement in terms of trust in the senior management.
Environmental Impact, Global Warming
Successful Start-up Milestones being completed in compliant manner.
That we may all rally to our common human values, experience our human emotions as they are and approach our common issues with method and reason
I am concerned with cancel-culture and the reduction of the 1st Amendment, freedom of speech. Freedom of speech currently only applies to those who agree with the politically correct culture and is one directional.  That is invading the corporate culture as well as the national political environment.Stress
One of the challenges I see is that there are some areas within the business where governance is lacking. This poses additional challenges when trying to complete tasks involving those areas.
Future of the country, economy,  and Merck & Co..
Merck's increasing political stance in US Social Justice.
Work-life balance, work-based stress spilling over into home life, ensuring I have time and energy for my kids (particularly due to the pandemic)
Losing connection/ motivation as a result of working from home for this long
Work/Life balance - we are short staffed and I work long hours with no breaks in order to cover everything that needs to be covered.
Concerned about the inexperienced leadership leading our therapeutic areas in the discovery area and the reduction in budget in my area so that it is difficult to support and advance the pipeline.
HR support is almost only remote using automated communication tools, which reduces the feeling of being 'connected Optimeto the company' and being valued as a person.
I'd like an announcement about the mask mandate being canceled around June when everyone has had a chance to get the shot.  It's time.
Team effectiveness, through Work-Life balance and support to take time to stay healthy (with closed sport facilities) and flexibility in (response) time for employees with family situations (older parents, small children, sick partners, etc). Healthy employees that take care of private situations are more effective and creative.
willingness to transform to operate in a 21st digital ecosystem
Work/life balance
I am concerned about racial injustice, but I get the sense that we are creating a new issue of bias.  The issue in the US is more than racial privilege.  It is about economic equality and that affects all races, genders, age groups and ethnicities.
workload, stress, anxiety
Trying to reduce gross to net on the back of the independent vets back while we continue to drastically increase discounts to even the smallest corporate groups
I am worried that the pendulum of  D&I is swinging too far to an extreme.  I sincerely hope that candidates applying for jobs are hired based on their qualifications and not solely to fill a demographic metric for Diversity.
I have experience two leading managers in our team within 15 years I am employed in this company and I recognized that during last 3 years my direct manager who currently leads our team has lack of mandatory managing attributes as: management skills and knowledge, drafting clear and concise information flows, maintaining open lines of communication with co-workers, negotiating successfully to resolve employee disputes, encouraging communication among reticent employees, leading efficient meetings that are both productive and sensitive to time constraint
Concern about having meaningful project work - given all of the recent changes with Merck pipeline.
My wallet was stolen from my office recently. This has caused me a lot of stress over 2 days which significantly suppressed my productivity at work. To date, it has not been recovered. I feel unsafe at work and distrustful of folks outside of my own department.
Q15:  Stress is very high at times, both at work and in personal life.  Faith in God keeps me strong. Q17 & Q20:  Decisions are initially made by the appropriate person, but often challenged by those who are relatively unaffected by the outcome.  Managers/executives that do not interact with or directly support functions should rarely overrule or change good decisions just because they can. Q22:  Due to complexity and high level of training needed for most jobs, repositioning is difficult. Q25 & Q26:  Digital tech is a tool, nothing more.  If it helps and is dependable, use it.  If not, don't.  There are often issues with interdependent systems that do not "play nice" with each other, which makes multiple systems inefficient or at times unresponsive.  Do not roll-out new systems and rely on fire-fighter support!  Spend the time to challenge the supporting networks and infrastructure and on-shore more hardware technical support.
Personal family challenges and illness
Work life balance / mental health. Depression is rampant inside the organization, and feel
Job stress/work life balance
Two many "silos" within my Dept. It doesn't help at all, we do a lot of no added value job, neither for the company nor for balancing personal and professional life
I feel like all of the inclusion and racial training is all one sided and has a negative push against Caucasian race. We need to be 100 % honest there is racial injustice across ALL races!
Room for personal development/ growth
work/life balance
The continued reduction of resources for the sales force is a big concern.  We want to be the #1 Oncology company yet our sales force is so controlled we act like a primary care team.  I don't believe that we provide a real service to the patient or customer most of the time which in turn decreases the customers desire to talk with or work with us.  If we want to be the #1 oncology organization we need to have the tools, training, and resources to do that.
Work/personal life balance.
Meeting performance expectations
I am concerned about the economy in general because some economists are predicting that the US dollar and world economy are unsustainable.
For other:  future of my career & next steps
Getting covid under control internationally.
Work/life balance and ability to disconnect.
Merck should focus on inventing for life and avoid identifying with political positions that divide or undermine the democratic process.
Establishing trust with manager
Within my department, my team is comprised of 2 people which can make the workload at times overbearing. If one person is on vacation or sick, the entire workload falls on one person which can make the day/week stressful knowing everything falls on you or that person. Having another team member to help reduce some of the burden would make the work life as a whole less stressful.
I am a naturalized American female citizen of Hispanic descent. I am offended and disgusted with the emphasis on diversion and inclusion. The focus has superseded what matters most to our company! The need to address racial injustice is having the opposite result. Let's be a pharmaceutical super-power that employs the most qualified best candidates for a job. PERIOD.
The value the company puts on my area/team
There is an uneven balance in some roles on site. My Manager is overloaded and does not have time to complete task in his role as outlined above in low scoring areas, all middle management positions  roles are overloaded compared to other sites. Development and Training is very low due to time constraints.
Work-life balance
My "other" is budget: These are unprecedented times and we work for a publicly traded for profit company, but there has been significant discussion about “the budget”, allocation of resources and assets, perpetual focus on immuno-oncology to the exclusion of anything else, and continued “lean operations.”  We need to be efficient, but if we cut our spending so much that I can’t backfill critical vacancies, or travel to execute the job, what are we really doing here?    Perhaps a focus on reduction of inefficiency rather than cutting new spending would be useful?  Easier said then done, I understand….
We work in a subcompany of Merck that doesn't believe or follow the same guidelines, Goals and vision as Merck and the workers here are not feeling the love from Merck as we're dealing with an abusive, condescending, passive aggressive Supervisor that everyone has complained about, but nothing gets done and he cause us so much extra stress. Many of us just keep our heads down and work and are too scared to speak up as we have before and nothing has happened and we love our jobs and what we do and feel like if we speak up we'll lose our jobs or be retaliated against, which has happened in the past.
Loss of Therapeutic Area leadership i.e. Vaccines, supply issues and divisive culture created by CEO's prioritized focus on external politics (while on Merck's "dime" and letterhead) versus optimization  of day-to-day operation  of Merck
my overall stress at work due to being overwhelmed and not having enough time to support my team
Internal Politics, Lip Service, Saying we are doing new things with the same old mentality
economic stability, have a salary according to what I do
The social justice movement and the company's response could have unintended negative consequences, especially for those employee's that do not feel the same way as the social climate dictates. It may even cost them their job if the company allows the cancel culture to drive decisions.
I am most worried about my mental health as a result of continued work pressure and stress. I understand we need new ways of working, however we don't have enough resources in order to even brainstorm different ways of doing things. Burn out is very real.
At 56 years of age and having the privilege to work with Merck for the last 23 years my concern is not for job security, but how to best approach retirement. I'd like to retire in 2-5 years but am concerned mainly about health benefits above all things.
Work load
if you speak up and it’s not want the company wants to hear , it’s not good for you
I am concerned about stability at work. All levels of my management have changed. A LOT of work has been pushed downward to the employees who have been here for years and we are already pushed to maximum capacity. The focus seems to be on doing everything fast regardless of whether the team has the bandwidth to handle it. Without leadership there seems to be no hope for improvement.
Being able to maintain the culture of teamwork and supporting each other as the company evolves.  Maintaining a healthy mix of remote and hands on work may help with that.  When people work predominately from home there are a lot of intangibles around team aspects that may suffer.
Worried about Merck using new open desk concept amid COVID and other viruses to come.  People in these desks sit too close together and across from each other.  I'd like to suggest rethinking this strategy.
It is important to me to keep myself, my family and my co-workers safe and healthy during the Covid pandemic.
Salary/Benefits/Retirement
Our executive leadership has seem to become very racially motivated and communicating company wide racially incendiary messages.  Communications and training's have become, in my opinion, racist.  In our recent training's about diversity and racism all aggressors were white.  Racism goes all ways
Access to in person field visits compared to competitors.
I'm also working on finishing my MBA studies and then taking care of myself evenmore
Merck does so many things well for it’s employees and has a great culture for employees and our families. However, it feels as though long-time Merck employees get paid significantly less than external hires. We shouldn’t feel like we have to leave Merck to get paid top salaries compared to industry, and especially compared to newer company colleagues.
I am not necessarily concerned about any of these topics but they are always on my mind.  Not in a way that affects my work or family life but in a way that it makes me more aware of them and the need to communicate these things with my husband and children.
In my opinion we still need to improve the points:  Prejudice with age Work overload.
-I fear that Diversity and Inclusion will become a subject of discussion and material to add to PMP at the end of the year, only! Diversity and Inclusion is not a title to create many meeting to discuss, D&I is an active behavior that each one of us should implement. - I fear retaliation at work by managers and losing my job and source of income.
Concerned about the way Merck is supporting political events in an unbalanced way.
Other - the future; will the world ever be rid of this pandemic; what lessons did the world learn from this; what is going to be the new 'normal' and how well will we all adjust.
What other opportunities are available to me
continued flexibility to work from home in the current situation
Anxiety due to ongoing pandemic
C19 and getting back to normal
The ways in which current operating models will affect future productivity
Spending time with my family wife, kids and grand children
It is my sincere hope that Merck continues to be a leading corporate voice against racism and inequality after Ken's departure and remains committed to diversity and inclusion efforts such as the OneTen Initiative
Balancing work and life & keeping healthy (not COVID related)
We as a corporation seem to have lost the focus to fortify the pipeline and are embracing all kinds of programs that also seem to follow every twist and turn in popular culture.  We have so many initiatives, changes and asks I have observed work in the lab is as threatened. To do everything asked of us would destroy my family life.  Of course I am expected to make decisions on the use of my time - but the guilt can be overwhelming.. There are many things we can and should do as a company - but we can not do everything. . Merck has been on a tract to embrace every new technology (which browser do I use for xyz), every new idea and engage in every cultural battle.  Is this sustainable?  Is it healthy? For me  - the wealth of information hitting us and all of the asks for us to do "just one more thing" is wearing me (us) down. I am seeing this more and more with so many folks working from home and trying to make impact.
Public stances/statements made by individuals can have severe negative impacts on certain parts of the business.  I believe political opinions should not be expressed publicly-especially by people in leadership positions.
Work life balance - too many out of hours and back to back meetings.  Family health.
Development opportunities are limited
A lot of meetings, all day, everyday - can be exhausting. Double booking frequent, receiving meeting calls last minute is becoming more common, having meetings through lunch and up to 6pm increasing. Start work at 8am, there is an expectation to be able to make calls with the US until 6pm in the evening if needed.
Over-reliance on oncology portfolio with only 5 years to figure out the pipeline of replacement assets through development or acquisition. Like 2012-13 all over again
Everyone is so stressed and in survival-mode, there is little time to think and to assess for ways to actually improve systems/processes.
Work/Life balance, stress
I am also concerned with the lack of diversity at leadership levels from Director and above. I also am concerned that the pathway for promotion of diverse candidates is harder than the path for white Caucasian male or females.
I am concerned about the very long term strength of Merck as I will be retiring in the next few years.
work/life balance
I'm a bit concerned about the mandatory diversity and inclusion training.  As I took the training, I was surprised and disappointed to see that all of the case examples involved a non-white person who felt they were being discriminated against.  Considering the nature of this training, it upset me that the assumption is that white people are never on the receiving end of racism.  That, in itself is discriminatory, unconscious bias.   I feel this training was seriously unbalanced.
The type of work requires daily urgent responses to email questions, urgent responses to supply situations that are typically placed on staff below the director level to respond. Its very difficult to take vacation (even 1 day out of office) without having to worry about urgent issues arising. Stressful even on vacation as typically urgent situations arise that require response while out of office.  Systems are getting better but the processes still need to improve. Job aids, user guides need to be improved.  Current job aids, user guides could be as long as 30 pages and 4-5 job aids/user guides per system.  Job aides /user guides should be less then 5 pages..  Also business process webpage is better but still needs a lot of improvement organizationally.
A big concern is lack of recognition on my job.
delivery of the plan (increase in patients)
The support I feel in this organization ebbs and flows . . . this past year has been tumultuous and while Merck has supplied great resources to try and help us cope, the support from leaders to actual use them has not been as strong as needed or varies.  It has truly been a grass roots  effort of just people that genuinely care that has kept many from losing their minds with all the things on their plates.  Individuals just reaching out to each other and checking on each other.  I have of other companies giving employees mental health days.  I asked if I could give my team a few hours one afternoon to decompress and I was ask "how many hours," "for what," "why, they are at home what more do they need."  I just agreed and left the issue alone.
I'm truly concerned about our team strategy. We have a lack of direction and from what direction we get it seems to be coming from flawed data or flawed market intel. Asking the field and connecting with the field can give a lot of insight.
Safety of Parents with COVID pandemic;
Understaffing of medical departments in oncology TA in small countries. Medical advisors from other TAs can be reallocated in order to use their potential - no need for cutting jobs.
I am most concerned with my financial security. I have a lifetime of doing everything just right. Appropriate savings, excellent career, etc., but despite that I feel it all could be erased quickly with a company decision, inflation, or some unknown. Compensation has not kept up with the additional financial responsibilities of the average family such as cost of living, educational expenses, saving for retirement, medical expenses, etc.
Becoming first time home buyer
Safety is of the most importance right now. We have been delivering efficiently with the work from home setup but MSD India started calling people to office which is very risky.
I have worked for Merck for almost 16 years and continue to evolve my skill sets and develop myself to stay proficient, efficient, and relevant in my role.  I hear a lot about Merck recruiting the best talent but when it comes to the talent Merck already has, that personal development is just that, personal.  It feels at times Merck (HH) finds the grass greener with new talent versus the talent already at Merck.
Being able to find a proper work-life balance (resulting from the elevated workload)
Clarification on proposed/anticipated organization changes will put our collective mind at ease. Once organizational change is rolled out, please clarify an intent to keep it this way for "X" period of time to enable teams/oversight to settle in. Enabling connectivity and cohesion with related MMD organizations including educating MRL on RACI of this organization will enable MRL to face our customers well and refine the processes which are currently challenged at the interface (especially KM piece). The differential (lower) banding of ARD vs other DSCS organizations (like pharm sci) should be a key emphasis point for ARD in 2021/2022 - especially as the ARD organization is viewed as "analysts" and not as thought leaders due to the heavy workload constraints causing them to be deeply engaged in analytical deliverables & less visible on DCTs. Enable scientific leaders to grow in breadth by putting ARD scientists into positions of project leadership (DCT leads, presenting at DCO, DCRC).
Unable to keep up with the increasing volume of work.  Digitalize systems to support increase and keep up with market growth.  Update internet/computer speed to support deadlines and increase productivity.  Update current electronic systems and support new technology to maintain market sales and be able to compete in new markets.
Someone in there 40’s or 50’s with opportunities to develop and move on to different roles in the company.  The company has done a great job with younger individuals, but older individuals seem to have a more difficult time with opportunities.
Work burnout, navigating from work-from-home back to in-office post-pandemic, and deciding when to retire
I am very concerned about the future of field sales.  With digital means from which providers can and do get product information, we are seeing access dwindle at an accelerating pace.  Many in the field, including those with other company’s, feel that we may only have a few years left.  This is also due in part as a result of practices joining managed groups that prohibit our access.  This is VERY de-motivating and makes it difficult to enjoy our work.  I would like to hang on for a couple more years, but am starting to consider options.
I am concerned we are more internally focused and less prepared to compete and grow in how we deploy to customers. I believe often our competition is ahead of us and we are always fighting to keep up.
Currently work is very busy but home life is just as overwhelming if not more. It is difficult to find the balance but my manager and department are so supportive in everything that involves home life. I feel so grateful to not have to worry about what work might think if I need to keep the kids home or go to a doctors appointment. That makes me so grateful to work for such a great company.
work / life balance and job distribution
the workload and how to feel relax even when I have tons of emails pending and work to do
Work/life balance
The day to day stress  of not being able to control the things around you and Merck not understanding
Ken Frazier's political comments are making my job more difficult with customers.
Economic impact of Covid emergency on Italy
Working for my Team, for Merck but most important for the patients.
being treated with respect and not being treated like we have to be baby sat all the time. seems like salary people get all the perks when we are the money makers. the attitude we get from are bosses and such is shut up and just do your job. they want robots not human people.
In general the company is a great company to work, I can say that it is the best company I have worked for, ( Others are P&G and Zenith lab Caribe Ivax). However, top management at the plant need to deep into the shop floor to here and execute  recommendation.
Things getting back to somewhat normal in regards to work and personal life
Exacerbated income inequality due to the pandemic, even while I am feeling secure myself.
Riad El-Dada's team was told back in February that they are allowed to work remotely from anywhere in the U.S. I am concerned my group, as well as the rest of the company, will not be offered this same flexibility. Why is it okay for them to have that flexibility, but not the rest of the company?
Lack of communication and transparency from leadership; Withholding not Sharing of information for the greater good of all
Most concerned about staying healthy as in metal health.  Work/life balance has been challenging to say the least.  The hours required to get the job done is not sustainable in the long term (12/13/14 hours per day- not every day, but on more days than I'd like to count).  PMs are restructuring and hiring additional PMs to share in the increased workload.  That should trickle down to other departments (like finance) who support these PMs.
I worry about my mental health due to my department management
Also, racial violence that is on-going.
Professional growth and development in the technical ladder
Balance between work and life priorities.
I think Merck has the opportunity to increase participation as a leader and thought partner in more above brand global health dialogues - this will mitigate against potential threats to our business model. However to strengthen credibility and trust, we need to commit resources to the related above brand and ecosystem partnerships. Offense is the best defense!
Work-Life Balance
Career Development for "Top Talent" has deteriorated quite notably.
The backup care program through Lifecare where we have been reimbursed for childcare through remote schooling has been invaluable resource by reducing stress and balancing work schedule.
too many priorities
I’m most concerned that Merck is allowing politics into the work place. This is completely unacceptable and is negatively impacting our business and sales.
Work Load
I am truly concerned about how much global management leaders understand and acknowledge about the needs, work processes and time/human workforce/resource constraints experienced on a daily basis by country level employees.
That we still don't allow people without degrees to be able to move ahead in their careers due to the filtering that occurs, and that we cannot hire non college graduates into entry level positions. Also, due to diversity metrics and goals, I am being bypassed as I do not fit the current diversity narrative.
Personal Circumstance uncertainty
Current workload. Programs are accelerated but we have less time to be on site. Makes this challenging to deliver on aggressive pace that is set with resources we have. There are too many meetings as well. Some of this driven by disconnect of priorities of those that are on-site or virtual exclusively. The mix of lab work and meetings makes the work day stretch into late hours. The current way of working is hard to sustain in the long term.
Will diversity and inclusion the bedrock for our company...more than a “tag line”
balancing workload
Remaining "connected"
I feel that the company leaders have become very political. Companies are not voting entities in the US and I feel pressure to conform to the  political ideology of the corporate leaders. I feel that if I were to share my true opinions on these topics I would be punished.
work/life balance
The overall effect of the pandemic on people's day to day lives.
Digital tools bring need out need to be supported and flexible. Eg Kneat and eVal
Other = climate change
We have surpassed a reasonable expectation of work life balance.  Work meetings starting as early as 6 am and as late as 9 pm are routine there are too many priorities and this is not sustainable.
Negative economic impact on household income
Politics aside, I am concerned about the lack of truth in the news.
How to advance in my career but also being part of this organization.
work flexibility and maintaining my current remote status after the pandemic
We as a company need to focus on our mission and our financial goals. It is best to leave social events and politics out of the mix.
The economy; skyrocketing prices of housing
Ken Frazier came out to decry Donald Trump as inciting riots who was later acquitted.  When Georgia passed election integrity reforms to prevent the same sort of election fraud that caused the D.C. protests, Ken Frazier ran out to decry these laws as oppression.   These are political opinions that should not be expressed by a C.E.O. as not everyone at Merck shares his democrat leanings.
Work/life balance
Growth opportunities related to my career path
The culture we are creating at Merck is counter to what we have built. We are solving racism with racism and alienating some employees by favoring others. We were a company that valued each individual and ethnic group. Now we've gotten sucked into society as a whole which has drug us downward rather than lifted us up.
Financial Security
Professional Growth
Having the necessary IT resources to do my job successfully and efficiently.  For example, a major frustration is when teams are working on documents (WORD, POWERPOINT) in SharePoint sites there are frequent issues with team members being about to save their changes successfully.  Work is often lost which creates unnecessary increases in stress levels.
There are too many policies limiting what we can do.  I have had to cancel , give away or turn down opportunities.  I understand why, but they are more limiting than most realize.
Feeling Burnt out
having enough time to care for my children / family (work/life balance)
How well will Merck operate after the Organon split
Professional Growth and Development Larger Impact of the work I do
My lead is new to the department and she was only trained for a short amount of time and has not ever been a lead tech our tests are not going as planned because we don't know how the previous employee performed the test due to the person not writing it in the QCP.   We have to come in on weekends because of this and it doesn't give me the chance to enjoy my weekend.  I feel like when I make a suggestion my lead does something different without discussing it with me.  I would like better training for leads and managers.
Managing Work-Life Balance and Stress from Job related to challenges of remote engagement
Leaders at Merck need to be careful not to get behind every story they hear in the news.  Leaders are constantly taking sides on issues they know little about and ignoring important facts because they think it is the socially popular thing to do.  In reality, they alienate many in their effort to be "woke".  I think we all agree that everyone should be treated fairly, respectfully and have equal access to opportunities.  That's not what this comment is about.  It is about Emails that go out in response to news stories.  Almost every time it is clear that those drafting the Emails do not have a comprehensive understanding of the situation.  Some such Emails even have a tone of accusing Merck employees which is completely inappropriate.  This has to stop.  It is also about comments made in meetings that support one political side or social perspective.  This also has to stop.  Let's focus on making medicines for the people.
Merck is uncompetitive with the industry in compensation.
I am afraid to express any opinion that can be construed as political. With the one-sided political positions taken by our CEO Ken Frazier, it is not safe to have your own opinion.
Recognizing employees on the lower levels (below P3) by upper management does not exist.  Including these employees when deciding who is part of a team discussing changes, new WOWs, or anything is not thought of.  Sometimes experience can be an asset not just a title or level.  My manager does regularly.
Voter suppression affects all of our lives and silences the voices of the majority since districts are manipulated. Gun violence is skyrocketing, we go to work and hold our breath that the next mass shooting won't be next door but knowing it could be at any moment. We want our kids to go back to school but worry they aren't safe.  Discrimination and injustice across multiple communities continues to plague us.
The climate crisis
Limited office space; there should be ways of working around COID restrictions for those of us that have to be on site. Some of us are still without a working space, after a while, it's upsetting having to look for an empty desk to sit every morning.
Company's focus on its core business
Healthy and safety of my family.
Salary expectations in my home country
The the things i stated above, job security with so many reps, restriction from compliance, the RAT tool.
Future health of Merck's pipeline and some weak leadership at upper levels.
Let us come back to the office.  The lack of F2F meetings and interpersonal accessibility has a material impact on our quality and volume of work.
Pay rise over the years
Work Life balance.  People are getting burn out during the Pandemic
1.) Employee attrition rate and what are we doing to retain top talent (we are not doing enough). 2.) Transition of EC leadership and impact 3.) Ability to build true innovative pipeline of molecules and associated timeline
I am also consistently concerned about the environment and the preservation of smaller farms
Career growth
All of the other topics are important but I feel Merck does a good job allowing people to have their own opinions and not hate someone for their choices no matter race or sexuality.
Having a healthy work-life balance. Not specifically b/c of work-from-home, but because there is literally so much to do, with not enough time (doesn't matter if there was a pandemic or not...).
Base salaries for tenured employees remain capped
No path forward for professional development and feel stuck in a position I've outgrown. Would like to do a rotation in another department but do not have an established path to do that. Requested a CDA to help with transitioning info 3 months ago, but none assigned.
well-being of employees
Merck is the most restrictive company I have ever worked for. The are out of touch with the industry. Any type of risk/or thinking differently is consistently met with we can't do that at Merck
Concerned for the safety of the COVID vaccine and that Merck will require FBE to take this vaccine.
Balance between work and family, stress management,
I'm concerned about Merck not letting me out in the field to do my job, while being held accountable for a sales objective.  Please let us work and get rid of the RAT tool.  It feels like it's being done for show.  It's been over a year, we all know how to protect ourselves from COVID, if we didn't already catch it and everyone can get a vaccine if they want to.  We don't need these continued restraints on field activity that our competitors don't have.
Finances are always a concern.  Would love to see Merck do another assessment of base salaries (not bonus/commission), and reward employees who have several years of Oncology experience with a higher base salary.  I know with 100% confidence that with my 5 years of Oncology experience at Merck, I could now leave Merck and make a minimum of $20-$25K more on my base salary by joining any number of other large and stable pharma companies in Oncology.
Political environment in the world that is anti-IP rights and could undermine the ability to continue R&D at a high level.
developmental / career perspectives simplification / agility
As an oncology sales rep I feel as though Merck has become the company of “we can’t” I’ve found myself telling customers “we can’t do that” way more than I used to.  I feel like  we as Merck reps have more constraints put on us than competing companies.  As an example we were able to. setup a VE with a key account (top3 in territory) but we had to cancel because account wanted to do VE for 3 locations at the same time.  This is a compliance violation so we had to say “we can’t do that”. Btw this is an account with very limited access. In addition the limitation of 25 people per VE  is severely limiting our ability to get in front of customers.  We are missing opportunities.
We are not given adequate resources as scientists in the lab. Everything is outsources from facilties repairs to stocking lab consumables. At the end of the day the responsibilities are so diffuse, no one is accountable (except the scientist who needs these resources to do their jobs). We don't have IT support for lab computers. It is hard to get facilities requests fulfilled. PE does a terrible job repairing our instruments or coordinating repairs. We have had instrumentation down for 9 months since no one is accountable to get it fixed. The ways in which Merck saves money to spend on clinical trials leaves the R&D scientists totally without support in the day to day. Trying to get access to microsofot for a lab computer recently has taken me 6+ weeks and 5-6 groups of people. We still do not have access.
I feel a lot of lip service is paid to promoting employee 'wellness' and normalising mental health struggles, however, this is not reflected in the expectations of employees. My role, and those of others in my department can be extremely stressful at times, and many have unrealistic workloads  requiring us to work very long hours which makes achieving work/life balance extremely difficult. In addition there is a culture of going 'above and beyond' being expected or necessary to prove you are a good worker/gain favour.- which is ultimately unhealthy in my view. I see a lot of burn out/frustration, and it is hard to have conversations with managers/say no around these types of things as you feel you might be viewed as lazy or you feel guilty because everyone else is also taking on too much work. I think this is a work culture issue and needs to be addressed at a high level. Also some real, practical measures to improve employee mental health such as mental health days would be great.
I have really enjoyed having Ken Frazier as our CEO but I do feel that he has become much more prominent in the political arena.  I feel like all the politics is many us a more divided country.
pay and opportunity for promotion within the organization and my specific functional area.
the environment
New senior leadership both for MRL (at the President level) and Merck (at the CEO level).
Promotional opportunities and length of time until enough open up to provide career progression as compared to other companies seeking similarly qualified and high-potential/proven top performers. Loyalty through a great culture, company mission and excellent local leadership buys time, but one doesn’t want to feel s/he or they doing what’s best for their career and family is in conflict with remaining loyal to Merck in a role over time that doesn’t maximize the mix of value available to offer the company and career progression (and correlated progression of compensation).
to build a great place to work.
Meeting work expectations during Lockdown at home with kids.  Should allow more flexibility at this time.
Family, staying healthy and the job security are my points due to the very anoying moment we are living, with all the stress of the Pandemia, and the fact that we are not in good terms to keep our loved ones safer.
Lack of opportunity to grow at the company. Consecutive good performance does not leave you to a promotion. The need of propserity brings more engajement, flow state, and happiness to the employee. In consequence, increasing of results.
I worry about Merck's sustainability beyond a 5 year horizon.  From what I can tell, we are at a pivotal moment in Merck's history.  Keytruda has been a lifesaver for the company, but we don't have pipeline to support continued growth (or even maintenance) of the company's revenue.  The next 5 years will be critical to defining whether Merck will be able to navigate through that patent expiry without a major disruptive event.
Managing work/life balance, work is winning right now
Work life balance
Professional development.
Divisiveness that seems to permeate our society today.  This division seems to prevent constructive and candid conversations that can bring about solutions.  Additionally, the pandemic is hard on us as adults, but also hard on our kids.  We want to keep everyone safe and physically healthy, but also want to make choices that are good for the mental and emotional health of our family.  There is extra anxiety about so many decisions.   But, I am so thankful for vaccines and that my husband, myself and our parents have all been vaccinated!
Work-life balance in 2020 and early 2021 was terrible. My manager was made aware of it and it seemed until new people were hired, there was little that could be done.  It affected my health, reduced time for myself and caused me to have to isolate myself to focus on deliverables for my Merck work in order to meet deadlines.  I'm concerned about the future of our industry given the current political climate in Washington. We know there is already a lot of pressure on our industry regarding drug pricing and I am concerned that will only continue to increase which leads to my concerns about job security. Lastly, I think senior leadership should be less focused on political statements and more focused on our core business and our patients. Political statements can be distracting, have consequences and alienate a good portion of the workforce. Internal communications (such as Merck Yammer) frown upon political comments/conversations and this should apply at all levels within the company.
Salary Range for Virology Division is significantly lower than the pharmaceutical industry. Many of our divisions colleagues have left for higher (significantly higher) base salary with all else being equal.
Working within MAH/MSD it is always "The Merck Way...This is how it is done at Merck"  Colleagues working at Merck bring decades of pharma experience.  This mindset stifles innovation, creativity, efficiencies and produces waste and redundancies.
I feel this company is getting too involved with politics by senior leadership. And the views are very very liberal.
Our GCM change control system is so complex to use and understand (especially for New Products) and this has caused many to leave.  My product is moving into the GCM space and I'm already feeling the anxiety of having to use this system in fear of making a mistake and the repercussions that will follow. It seems that we should be able to make a system that supports compliance and change control more user friendly so that we all can have confidence in our regulatory assessments. I have made many process improvements of systems that need to be improved, unfortunately this is not my area of expertise so I can't offer a solution, but it seems that before we lose more people to complicated/labor intensive systems, we would put more resources into making GCM change control better for our CMC teams.
Work load and schedule
Staying healthy from a work-life balance, having personal time and being able to enjoy time with my family and relaxing evenings an weekends. This is just not possible with my work load and the expectations I feel I have from my work. I feel like leadership says that they want us to have balance, but it doesn't seem that they mean it based on the amount of work we have vs the number of people we have to get that work done. The expectations are not realistic and the pressure is high.
Getting through my training and being able to process all the information being thrown to you in rotating batches.
Work Life Balance
Appropriate prioritization of priorities and IT system implementations - especially in the Documentation systems (MEDS, Quality Docs)  and general IT tools to do our jobs.  Implementation approaches aren't consistent in terms of how the business is being engaged to determine impact and manage change accordingly.
i'm concerned for my team. everyone seems like they have too much on their plate and always feel overwhelmed.
Financial security
Travel back to my home due to the current COVID situation as my family does not stay with me and my wife has to manage all home issues on her own. I used to support her with frequent travels back home.
Financial.  Many folks are leaving for other pharma or biotech companies that are paying more fairly.
Compensation.  I think that the longer I am at Merck the more I am seeing that salary compensation is much lower and this is not only a disappoint for me but I think is really impacting our ability to retain talent.  I am repeatedly hearing stories of people leaving for even lateral moves for 30-40% more pay.
Work-life balance
No concerns. I am living my life to the fullest.
Job security, work resources, then health. Being relevant and being heard with focus on business and selling vs. political actions and social issues.
Relationship with colleagues and managers
Work-life balance, mental well-being
Personal/Family issues.
Not particularly worried about the above. Life is good work is good
work balance vs private life
We have had new GLAMS, CODA/DSP, IPI this year. GLAMS training was sufficient, the software did not work properly, CODA/DSP training was not sufficient. IPI next week. Risk is that our artwork is not correct, Material Master data in SAP/ECC is not correct. Besides the confusing Organon change, this has taken more time to create/change materials, without asking more time from the markets. And this does not include the challanging time of Covid 19.
Trust and transparency
I do´t feel we are taking the right strategic choices putting at risk viability of the subsidiary in the mid long term, and the people selected to assume key responsabilities do´t have the right balance between experience ( very often none) and talent. Decision taken based on personal relations to not have discrepancies in the decisons taken.
meet my colleagues face to face for the first time!
not being able to perform the overwhelmingly big amount of admin tasks that come with my job (and every other job)
Work life balance
work / personal life balance
Financial well-being. Having the money to provide for my family.
Concern about the risk of elevating COVID restrictions while the population has not been fully vaccinated (including myself not being vaccinated in time, due to vaccine availability and choices in vaccination schedule).
A blanket 5% efficiency year on year seems like there is no strategy just a target.  There needs to be some thought based on our pipeline, where we need to invest, etc.  Some of the tools being deployed for DI and efficiency are not aligned with the floor needs and add more work and compliance risk due to their difficulty to use.
- Work-life balance
Social Interaction; virtual collaboration; return to the workplace
My current chellenge at work in the new structure
Work Life Balance
Maybe the work future concerns me the most at the moment - after Organon spin-off is complete it is kind of like a new beginning for MSD. I think change is a possibility and an opportunity and I am looking forward to making MSD an even better and more flexible and agile in the ways of working perspective and also being able to evolve, grow and learn new things myself. Products we have are already awesome and more to come that I am sure of. But are we really truly wanting to change the ways of working in our department? That I am not entirely sure. True transparency of the things under consideration would be great and also a possibility to be apart of the change, express ideas. But as a company this big that is not always easy and we are not exactly very quick in "turning the ship" (at least not in our department).
Work/Life balance.
My area has been implementing quality and metric controls (that in essence is good and I am supportive) but is not capable to make structural changes to meet these demands in the same speed. There is an unbalance between number of people who ask you to comply with these quality controls and only one scientist that will answer for all these demands (in essence, there is a lack of admin employees and study managers). The result is daily work journey of 14 hours + extra hours weekend  because we need to comply with objectives included in scorecard or LT metric objectives.
Salary/money - Promotions are not likely and i feel trapped with no rise in basic salary likely. Despite having outperformed this year, the AIP bonus was not substantial, disappointing. While I don't want to leave MSD it is difficult to ignore the LinkedIn  messages and notably high salaries at other companies. I stay because of culture which i know is the same for many, but that may not be possible as time goes on.
work progression and canteen food (need to be improved)
Climate change
I feel the leaders in this company have become too political.  We all have different political opinions.  I don't need Ken Frazier, or any else, to speak for me, politically.
growing workload; employee burnout
We have lost focus on being the best pharma company. Merck was embarrassing during the COVID race for vaccines/treatments. Our CEO is constantly talking about "selective" social justice issues yet we have plenty of problems at Merck: 1. Our CEO makes $28M/yr, over 100 times what I make after 22 years at the company! Last year the field sales team was guaranteed 100% bonus despite not working (Oncology team averages around 1 call/day). Headquarters only made 87% bonus despite working longer and harder to come up with new technology to reach customers. 2. We talk about D & I yet we continue to hire Directors children. This is not a monarchy where children are blessed by God based on their bloodline. There should be NO hiring of relatives unless they have a proven track record of success. 3. Directors must move up (promotion), move over (lateral position), or move on (leave the company) after 5 years in a position. Too many Directors have sat in the same position for years, blocking us.
Ken and Merck need to stay out of politics.  He is using this as a platform to actually push racial hate and push his left wing agenda.  So thankful he is stepping down as he has become a detriment and an embarrassment to this company.  I was proud to work for this company until he started his diatribe and hate-filled political activities.  Companies have no business delving in politics.  It's "We the People" not "We the Corporations".  All of the focus on Atlanta showed me that Ken/Merck support and are for the fraudulent activity that no one can deny went on in the last election.  This makes all the talk about being an ethical company laughable as it's not believed even up to the most senior level.  Get him out now.
work life balance
The pressure to vaccinate.
Work-life balance
Corona is of course a concern, but not just the health aspect but its effects on society is a concern.
It feels that the company is not keeping to its core business statement and is trying too hard to become a political entity.
COVID and it's consequences to travel for work and holidays.
Burn out from juggling work/life/covid risks - managing kids and house all at once.  My excitement for work is gone...I'm just dragging.   In addition, my team could do a much better job checking in; building feeling of belonging and teaming.
Working from home fatigue
Too much processes and responsibility at subsidiary level.
Managing job stress and anxiety, and keeping work / life boundaries in place.
Being able to effectively work my business within the constraints of the Pandemic
Locally, our department of health ordered mandatory home office due to the global issue. Yet managers keep on wanting to have face to face interaction and personal presence due to their personal preferences. I feel like we have no right to speak up against that even though it is so easy to get infected. I am also constantly stressed by all the micro-managing and patronizing as well as all the metrics tracking. Especially the way a competitive culture is established where only the countable output is important, not the quality of work anymore, is severely going against my personal value system and increases my stress levels to an unhealthy state.
While I certainly appreciate the focus around I/D, I cant help but feel that certain groups have been identified as the ones in need of support.  I/D reached far beyond the color and or races that we seem to be focused on these days.  I truly feel there are many individuals and groups not being represented in this quest of positive change . Also political views were challenged during the election.  The message heard was one party was the right party, the correct choice-  those statements were not received well.  Politics and or an individuals choice of candidate should have never come into play at work.
I feel overwhelmed about huge amount of responsabilities and workload for myself and my colleagues. The fact the everybody has so many priorities makes everything being delivered in a less productive way.
Level of inclusion within site and lack of succession planning
Q17 - Decisions are made at the appropriate levels in the organization - I will reiterate = decisions are being made in "SILO"s.  There has to be an improvement on holistic decision making.  A cost savings in one division can easily create a cost increase in another division.   Q19 - Divisions work together...The answer is the same as Q17...recent activity shows this is NOT happening.  Example = Product Development, Scaleup & Launch = There is a specific disconnect between R&D, BTS/Scale-Up, Production within Animal Health.  The creation of the BTS Tech Hub is a step in the right direction.   Q21 - This is a "kind" way of asking if I can find ways to work with fewer resources.  My answer of "agree" is NOT a positive answer. Q24 - Digital Technologies Questions - Suggests that digital is an answer for a lot of things.  At a manufacturing site, digital tech / communication cannot replace hands on personnel.
Getting any support from management for career development
1. Work/life balance (there is none, it is 12+ hour days plus weekends. Has been for years; will be for years to come. There is ZERO respect for time in oncology. I am an AD in GHH US oncology and it is routine for me/us to have meetings from 7 or 8am straight through until 6pm Monday-Friday, almost always through the lunch hour. Leadership preaches work/life balance then puts a 7am meeting on the calendar.  2. Stress, stemming from work pressure and complete lack of work/life balance.
I believe that for us to truly be able to transform and enable expedition 25 we need to make sure that we have the appropriate number of resources to both execute tactical and strategic initiatives.  We are often working above our current role to supplement as we see the need but this is not sustainable.   When escalated to leadership, we often get the canned answers that budgets are tight however we cannot do both well and something will have to give unless we have the right people to execute the initiatives.
Making the right decisions now  that impact our future sales
Finishing my studies under time pressure (along with work and a baby)
I am gravely concerned with the political activism that's permeated Merck and our societies corporate and political structure.  I've been at Merck for 30 years and have never experienced racial inequities within our organization nor it's practices.  This 'woke' activism is dividing our society and aimed at broader political motives that I do not serve the long-term objectives of Merck or it's mission.  Our environment had become offensive and oppressive and I feel helpless as the rise of marxism is upon us.  To watch Ken Fraser at Joe Biden's press conference, speak to his 'amazing leadership' was not only obviously disingenuous, but down right contemptuous towards half of our customers!  Shameful!
trying to balance my work and my younger son's needs who son has recently been diagnosed with a brain abnormality and Global developmental delay and now has a lot of therapy sessions and doctors appointments.
I believe in people being treat with respect and not be judged as a group but as individuals.  I do however resent our CEO make a decision that included all employees as inferred agreement.  My view on life are mine and ask to be respected to allow me to maintain my individual values.   If our CEO wishes to participate in politics he should do so as an individual and not speak for others.  He has failed to respect the individual's rights to believe what they believe.  This action was disrespectful to those who may not agree but representing his actions as those of the entire Merck community.
And work/life boundaries and balance.  Return to work, too.
keeping products available to sell
Work-life balance.
There has been lots of invites to health talks, metal heath etc.. in terms of information and that's all been well received. However there has been very little upskilling (experiential learning) for people managers on psychological safety, and leadership in particular with team members working from home. As this is our current reality for a number of months to come. There is a lot of new information out there in terms of leading through this pandemic, it would be great to integrate it into our ways of working.
We have a lot of potential in my area of work to do more and further our capabilities, but conversations with leadership to add more personnel or resources to accomplish these goals is met with derision.
I do not like having politics integrated into my work life. I don't think the company should get involved with politics beyond the issues that directly impact our products or ability to produce.
I think our company has been too vocal on one side politically.  In the spirit of diversity and inclusion, by people at the top being so clearly on one side of the aisle...it alienates HALF or more of the employees.  It is very stressful to be on the “other side of the aisle” at this company ALL of us feel that.
We are a commercial company not a political advocacy organization.  Our CEO should not be making comments that he knows 1/2 of America does not agree with regarding politics and voting.  This is an unforced error and creates incredible pressure for those not living on the coast or in a large US city and selling to customers that don't agree with a misinterpretation about Georgia voting laws and other political topics
With the Organon split, the future is uncertain.
Pending site closure & trying to return to a sense of normalcy post-COVID
Work/Life Balance
Division in the USA
Managing stress, balancing work and personal life
Working a whole new territory during COVID is not easy and causes stress.
work -life flow. I seem to give more and more to Merck each year. My spouse and kids notice. It is rewarding but at times I am tired. I love my team and the organization. I feel inspired most of the time which is why i give and care so much .
Stagnation of career, working in a toxic environment.
I am most worried about never actually getting to do my job the way it should be done. I am worried about losing customers because I am not given the opportunity to service them the way they deserve and suffering financially because of it.
Being able to use more of my knowledge.
I am very worried about getting the covid vaccine.  I am not comfortable getting it while it is under emergency use authorization.  My manager said if you don’t have a drivers license you can’t do your sales job, same may hold true if you don’t get the vaccine and customers require it, you can’t do your job and therefore....I was left to read between the lines....  very unsettling!
The Organon transition, at least for my department, was very rough. A lot of work to be done to stand up the new department and its associated applications, work instructions, and resources, all while working as part of that department until headcount is in place. All of that - basically a second job - along with increased day-to-day workload.
Changing the way we work, for Merck's future success.
Merck has always been a place where politics were kept out of business.  Over the last year it seems that if you have an opinion that is not in line with the left/woke/progressive movement, your opinion is not needed or valued.  Upper management has consistently been in public speaking on multiple issues recently with their individual opinion being portrayed as speaking on behalf of the entire company.
I really have no concerns
Changes to interacting with customers will severely impact our ability to do our jobs.
Concerned about the lack of team work between manufacturing and the supporting departments, such as Quality, Procurement, and Safety.  More and more task are placed on manufacturing personnel by the supporting departments with less responsibility or ownership by them.
Other is "Fair and equal compensation in line with current market rates"
Ensure MRK stays focused on our mission.
Work life balance
Balancing work and personal life
Being able to actually execute on the work being asked to do.
Career progression, (Merck's ability to modernize and the unwritten policy of not promoting people in department/role)
- lack of respect of authority  - break down of family values
Adapting, the conservativeness is agonizing and crippling
The future of this country. I'm worried about our younger generation and the lack of respect, the "me me" attitude, and they think they can live on free handouts, without having to earn them. Not all of them, but way to many, and I blame the media, and parents for a large part of the problem.
I don't feel there is a long term vision for the department.  Decades of consolidating, eliminating.   Systemic problem of highly experienced SMEs retiring.  There must be some assumption that the jobs being vacated can be filled easily and at a 1:1 rate.   It takes years to develop personnel to be SMEs and not everyone is up for it.  4 people hired might result in one leader or one expert in the group.  It slows the process hoping the person hired becomes that SME you need.   The other concern is the value of the performance review process.  With no ability to differentiate people in the Successful category (outside of INSPIRE) you are limited to only labeling 20% of people as outperformed and the label doesn't inspire people anymore.  It's not used for promotion either and the process takes an incredible amount of time to go through.  The PM process needs a reboot or do away with it.  There are other ways to measure performance.  Many companies have already done away with it.
Disappointed that Merck has stepped into the political arena showing support for the radical left liberal agenda. The current political climate is causing an extreme divide among the country and polarizing among colleagues.  Very concerning and upsetting to see what is happening to our country (US) and the risk to our civil liberties.
Future plan for remote work
My key concerns are 1) time and 2) connection.  I feel like Merck has amazing resources and a great culture but I always feel too pressed for time to take advantage of any of it.  I would also like to see Merck do more to foster relationships/connection in the virtual environment.
Work-Life integration which seems touch at times with working remotely.
Constantly high workload w/ no breaks or slow down
Other is how we will be able to work on-site.  If we must maintain social distancing and cannot use conference rooms for meetings then there is little to no benefit to being on-site.  I expect mask-wearing to continue but at some point we need to be able to be in conference rooms for meetings.  Otherwise the on-site experience is less desirable than the WEbex working from home experience.
Merck is an amazing company to work for.  I responded that I won't be working for Merck in the next two years because I am lucky enough to be able to retire later this year.
Overall impact of COVID on my child from education and social aspects.
Work/Life Balance.  As we have gotten leaner, the amount of work that needs to get done can be overwhelming.
Having enough help to get the job done, working short-handed.
Lack of good IT support to do our jobs. The finance area has poor/old systems and it does a poor job of rolling out new applications such as APPIAN. The accounting area does not have enough resources or appropriate personnel to properly use SAP functionality. They just refuse to set up SAP entities for reporting because it is too hard to figure out. Why do we spend so much on an ERP system if we are not going to use it? There is a complete lack of insight and leadership in the Finance area, all they worry about is cost. We are not a first rate Finance area we not developing or streamlining process. Finance Management doesn't understand or know how to solve problems they just fancy themselves as "project managers" overseeing processes. They can't fix underlying issues and just expect us to work unreasonable hours to compensate for bad tech and process.  It's really discouraging and very difficult to do our jobs. Please help us Caroline.
Work/life balance
Having the proper outside training to properly do my job.
Management team is constantly trying to find any reason to write someone up. Instead of being so hard on employees, management should be encouraging employees to do the best they can and not be reprimanding them as soon as they make a mistake. We are all human and management treats us like robots. When management treats employees like scum, they will likely seek another job.
Given the amount of work, it’s complexity and stress: I’m worried about low level of my compensation especially taking into account inflation and Russian Ruble devaluation
The balance between our company and leaders becoming to political.  Particularly taking sides.  I believe this is more of a personal choice and should be done outside of the company.  I understand some political items do impact our business this is why I say balance.  My feeling know is that we are pushing outside of the balance.
Maintaining the momentum of flexibility displayed during difficult COVID time and be brave as we move to a world where vaccines is available for all
Work life balance
Other=Work/Life balance
Overcoming the challenges presented by the changes in systems and processes due to integration .as quickly and efficiently a possible. Effects these challenges may have on stress and overall well-being of  colleagues.
Basesd on current condition in Pharmacy industry, what is the future strategy and position of HEDA plant in China?
The future about site and self-competence in medicine industry.
Current workplace and office area is squeezy and packed. Would be better if we have a better working environment
Salary and other benefits
Lack of promotion opportunities in my country
Technology / Digital solutions needed to serve our customers
Work life balance
Not able to meet face to face with regional team. Working in isolation
Career Progression
Personal development and resources for it. It's the only thing I can come up with. It's not bad within our company but I think we can do better.  We receive so much information by email that it becomes difficult to stay up-dated.
Burn out from extreme deadlines
balance between work/free time in the "new normal" age, too much work and no boundries
Having enough staff to cover vacancies and upcoming retirements.
the financial  aspect
Work / Life balance
there are limited options for growth in my location
Industry disruption
Demeaning and devaluing treatment from coworker.
Promotion based on merit, not politics
Mostly Safety of my family and friends.  This world and the way the US is headed scares me because people are not concern about other people safety and well being.
Having to work long hours to complete the work required on time
Work-life balance
The availability of more coaching and resources to enable me to do my job well and more efficiently.
Ability to earn my incentives as the "goalposts' keep being moved and my earning potential is impacted negatively each time even though my targets are exceeded
How I can continue most interesting projects and roles for me in this organization.
Limited opportunity for growth
Future development in non-oncology area
medical benefits (outpatients) - below market
I am expecting flexibility to work from abroad during the COVID pandemic. Due to border closures, entry to Canada for non-residents is no longer possible; I can't see my immediate family, my spouse for so long. Unfortunately, working from a different country is not approved in Merck.
Too many urgent priorities to manage, it may affect the deliverables and up the stress level of individual.
Work are being assigned with some ad hoc urgent things popping up which need to resolve quickly. It can feel overwhelms at times. Besides, having frequent night meetings has impacted family time and personal resting hours.
Recognition - I don't feel the company appropriately caters for contributions that sit outside of the main job description. The rigidity I feel in this area has a negative impact on my feeling of being valued in a way that's proportionate to my contributions.
Nothing
Psychological safety of our workplace and people, in terms of how departments treat each other and work thru disagreements.
The sop for marketing event, cme are too rigid. example virtual cme, no meal provided, the hospital representative prefers to have meal provided, he/she said other company provides meal for virtual meet. The speaker and moderator needs too many documents and level of approval. Too stressful, as more and more new and changes in sop .
I also concern about work and personal development
Career progression
Travel restrictions and not able to meet family.
The long distance from office to my home.
Haven't seen family for more than a year and half since they are overseas. Look forward for an arrangement from MSD to support us, meeting our families.
Top management's strategy of too much focus on digital KPIs. I acknowledge that digital is essential for the company to grow and move into the future but too over emphasis on digital KPIs will not help at all. One example is the KPI for Veeva Engage (VE) calls. Initially, when VE was introduced during the lockdown period, it was useful to enable the sales team to engage with customers virtually. Post lockdown, Comm Op increased the VE KPI although F2F interactions were able to carried out. VE which was initially introduced as tool of engagement became a burden to the PSRs (for having to do VE and also doing fieldwork). VE has also become an annoyance to the customers. Lately, doctors have again feedback that since F2F interaction can be done, they don't see the need of VE. Doctors prefer F2F instead of VE and also commented that other pharmaceutical companies have already moved away from using VE. VE is still a useful but shouldn't be set as KPI. We should heed our customers' feedback
COVID
Opportunities for development and growth
Second wave of covid is more devastating than earlier one. Things - laws, local restriction, health are changing very rapidly. Sometimes it is very difficult to plan or predict even for one week
At no fault of the company, I feel regularly overwhelmed
Can’t balance work and personal life.Even in this 2nd COVID pandemic situation when people are dying our CLT team puts lot of pressure for target achievement. Even in the 1st COVID pandemic wave,pressure for target achievement  was there.
Fiercer competition at local market makes current way of business practice under huge pressure and supporting functions and compliance cannot provide adequate system update to support business.
Vaccination for all
Career Path including me and my team
I am very much worried about the safety of my family and a bit worried about of loosing job in lay off of field employee after Januvia LOI, if happens.
Other: Sexual orientation may be a problem for my promotion in the future.
unclear lines of decision and communication
We need to return back to the offices. We must see each other and be social.
Combine education in de COVID-19 period in combination with my work at MSD
Covid restrictions on inter personal relationships in the workplace
MSD is very unstable right now.
MSD is a great company, to work in. However, our meeting culture has "escalated" with the pandemic putting severe challenges on work-life balance as many have to do their "ordinary" work outside of office hours (with long online hours). The right messages are there from the top - but our global implementation is lacking (insufficient to look at this from local perspective considering many work with regional and global functions). Propose meeting free days from global level or at least some rules/recommendations that go from the top down.
Feeling isolated at work
on the job development
How it will be going back to the office after 1 year away and if we will have the possibility to work more from home since it seems to be working very fine.
The way that we as humans are destroying our planet by striving for everlasting economic growth. Also I fear for the way that big tech companies are fabricating reality for each individual, meaning we are getting disconnected more and more.
I prefer working from home and I'm afraid that when pandemic ends I will be forced to go back to the office.
Workpressure is always high, there is not enough time to deal with the issues and deadlines and I feel that no matter where I turn there is work to be done. Work is on top of me, never the other way around.  Also on reviews I am convinced that dependend on who does the review its eitherway critical, good or bad. I feel my review reflects on my manager and me.
Lack of resources (adequate staff in bottleneck areas) are impacting our client experience, and it's not within my power solve  the client problems, so i'm beholden to people who are dealing with a mountain of work to complete these tasks
Although I work at pharma company , I do not know how to get medical support for a member of my family that has cancer and could get the benefits from an MSD product. The price of MSD and other companies is such high that even a MSD employee cannot afford them. How can I get support, how can I contribute to make products accessible to low income people.
work/life balance
Finding the right careerpath for myself. Maybe this is linked to "personal safety" or "work resources". Merck provides sufficient possibilities, it is up to myself to make to right choices.
work life balance
what about a family without kids? Partnership etc.
If our subsidiary is an indication of what the future MSD looks like, I am really worried. I have not experienced such a toxic environment in my 25 years at MSD.
Timing and life balance. Workload & need to keep intouch all time.
I'm not comfortable in speaking up during meeting
Making sure we're setting up the proper processes that can support us in the future and evolve to fit the business needs, without becoming gigantic and slow.
With the change of Merck to a specialty driven company with key focus on Keytruda (LOE 2028) Merck is requested to achieve strong BD and pipeline expansion to keep up with the pace and projection of other companies.
I am wondering how it will be handled if we have to work from home and only allowed to be at Site approx. 2 times a week. Will the company give financial support? I.e. do we have to pay the electricity, internet, etc. by our own? How will it be handled for employees who have not the ability to work from home due to place constraints (i.e. small flats, children at home, etc.)?
Mental health due to working from home for over a year
Upper Management have been resistant in acknowledging our concerns in regard to work-life-balance.  We are a support function with a high volume job. The people we support have increase significantly every year, yet our support function has not. We are suffering health issues (mental and physical) due to the fact that we have a constant need to run faster and faster and to work several hours of overtime every day. The issue has been raised for the past 3 years without any acknowledgement from previous manager and upper management. Our new manager has been fighting our case since she took over our team one year ago and finally we have been granted a contractor to help out. We need a permanent solution. We need to be heard, when raising concerns about work-life-balance and we need to be able to work in accordance with our contract without a constant need to give extra hours of work on a daily basis.
Not having the chance to progress in my role/position
COVID and returning to the office
There`s a risk of war in the region.
Leadership are currently no good role models. They are using phrases like "ways of working", fortify our future" and "diversity and inclusion" as empty phrases, but are NOT acting according to it. This starts to reflect down on the basic employees, who actually meet customers and do the work
work prespectives
Engineering/Technical Expertise and Quality Level
I don't feel safe while working here. I don't feel free to challenge the way things are done here. I feel there are some groups that support some of our colleagues while forcing others to resign. Here in Turkey, due to the pandemic dismissals were prohibited. I heard from my manager in Nov 2020 that "we as managers already talked about you to leave but we are waiting and watching for your performance". I elevated this to the local HR team in Jan 2021 but not get any response yet.
Merck ambition in regard to Fortify and Merck pipeline
Career progression
Being supported by line management
Compliance/ SOP
Work/life balance
Changes in standards impacting in-flight projects
Professional Growth
The lack of progression with my department. The staff numbers that have been promoted is very low. Senior roles have been filled by NMP/contractors before MSD Staff
I would like to immigrate, but dont get assistance from MSD in any way. I don’t mean financially. But with work visas/job opportunities. Yes it is all on workday, but you don’t get feedback on applications, don’t get even a interview.
There is a lot of toxicity from a certain senior member of staff within the group, they cause upset to many, bullying behaviour, complete misconduct- these have been raised numerous times by numerous people yet it continues and this person is rewarded. We are asked to deal with toxicity within the group and speak up yet when staff are brave enough to do so it gets over-looked again and again. I have zero confidence that speaking up is safe to do so and that there would be no backlash.
1) My future in the company is a concern : how to evolve when you have a very specific job at merck ? 2) How to face the COVID crisis and keepe doing my job the best way..;
Vision and recognition
taking the right decision where to work next
Work life balance
Work/Life balance
One of my concerns is, coming from a very small market, I may not have the same chances for an international career and advancement as someone who comes from a big market
Commercialization of the products at the local level, thus creating access to our valuable innovationfor the people that really need them.
I do not feel that the above site organization has a true understanding of what the employees that have to go to work every day are facing.  It is one thing to sit in your house and deal with COVID or deal with the racial injustice issues - but to face others daily takes it to a new level.  I also am extremely concerned that the above-site team is so disconnected on what is going on at a production plant that they cannot offer valuable solutions.  Above site is EXTREMELY disconnected from the day-to-day at a plant and it is truly hurting the guidance and systems being rolled out at the site.  QSIP has not helped this relationship.
Finding a house as a First Time Buyer
Work life balance
opportunities in the MSD world
Work Life Balance; Where do I go next within the company
I am concerned that although MSD speaks about work/life balance it is frowned upon to want to work part time or even 4 days a week using parental leave. This seems unafir and I believe that if it was possible to work a 4 day week there would be almost the same amount of work being done as you wouldcertainly be even more proactive knowing that you want to get the same amount of work completed as normal but within a shorter week and at the same time saving the company a day's wages. As a mother of an 18month old and currently pregnant again I would consider leaving a job which I both enjoy and am competant at all for the sake of one extra day with my children.
work-life balance.
Housing / cost of living - future preparation for retirement/family
Always filling stress at work, related with team communication.
Achieving the right work/personal balance during the Covid lockdown.
Im worried when I might be called back to work from office. Frankly speaking I feel working from home permanetly will be the best case for me since - I'm comfortable,, I can balance my work/personal life better, my physical and mental health is better and feel I'm more productive, working from home.
Too much company involvement in politics.  Do the right thing but not in a political arena
The future direction of the company
Equal opportunity for development
The Wellbeing of my group.
I am concerned that my experience/skills  as a 20+ year high performing USHH Merck sales professional has little impact on advancing my career..   There has been an unwillingness by hiring managers to interview or hire someone of my background into entry level marketing or account management roles  Merck compliance and a crowded/internally competitive Merck USHH Oncology sales structure is making it increasingly difficult to provide value and education to our customers in the medical field.  There is a need for people managers within USHH field sales leadership to become more intentional in seeking and acknowledging opinions from all team members.  The diversity of backgrounds and experience are not being leveraged by people managers in facilitating project/team meetings.   The most verbose in meetings are driving the discussion/output and others are not heard or able to share.  More training is needed by people managers in facilitating building and managing successful teams.
work/life balance for our global team, as we work in a truly global team , mainly people located in AP & US are having to work extensive long hours every day to be able to collaborate with the many people in the team crossing different time zones, and the volume  of work is enormous and never slowing down.
How to execute on our strategy, and change management associate to this, in a remote way of working
Everything appears to be a priority - same  people required to move projects forward . Extremely difficult to change current processes . Feeling is that world outside of MSD ( i.e. supplier and competitors) are working ''faster'' but meeting quality commitments (eg timeline to develop and produce new vaccine and supplier increasing their capabilities and outputs) ....whereas our processed not changed to meet the new expectations (how do we move faster without compromising quality / safety )
Work life balance. Large workload which is difficult to manage
Work life balance
Recently the Vaccine Division has had several setbacks.  It is not clear within MRL that we have a clear Vaccine Strategy.  If we do it has not been clearly communicated.  As an example MMD has Vaccine 2025.  How is MRL linking to this strategy?
Staying sane (mental health related)
Future of the site uncertain whereas there is so much potential
Risks from covid-19 variants when we are  back to office before the new variant specific vaccine becomes available.
Workload - too much with no clear end. Stressful
Financial Health
fairness in  chances / opportunities people get and being under valued because of a lower education.
1) The future work environment and the pressures of remote working and 2) resources invested in developing current workforce into adopting the transformation currently underway at Merck
Affordable housing
Merck is a science  fact base driven company,   but I am concern that our  corporate executive leadership is too eager to follow/join the cause/issue of the day on emotion without the critical analysis to understand all aspects and facts.
all items related to COVID. - Tme it will take to have the world covid "free "  - Supply chain of raw materials  impacted by the vaccine production -
Mental Heath and Stress Management
work/life balance and work stress
Assistance for home office set-up will be of great help!
Increasing workload
Diversity in leadership roles at Merck
raising my children with the right priorities in our current world
I'd like to develop further and am not sure, there will be the possibility to do that within the company.
I am very concerned about the growth of the company.  I fear our leaders are more concerned about other extraneous outside issue than the health of our company.
I feel like politics had interfered with the company's decision to immediately start finding a covid vaccine. Politics should NOT be part of the decision making process - Remember - Medicine is for the people!! I also feel like racial injustice will also be interfering with the great team atmosphere that we currently have. Please do not bring any of these issues into the company.  It will only tear us apart, just like how the country has already been torn.
Other:  Future for my children; their job opportunities and right now:  housing market
Being able to meet the target number of interactions each quarter.
that our CEO's personal political agenda has become our company's,  I understand his passion, but do not believe personal politics and workplace should be so closely tied together in a public company.
I'm concerned that executive within Merck are taking a active leftist liberal political stances and communicating that to employees and the media. At best this is alienating 50% of our customer base. Executives shoudl focus on running the company and if the want to make political statements then they should run for the Senate.
New WOW guidance sent out last week should help me focus on staying healthy.  In order to leave work, you need to leave home which is sometimes difficult.
Product replacement and what that will look like for my position
I am concerned about the ability of the leadership in my department to fully understand and actually address the issues facing employees on a day-to-day basis, and for achieving a balanced workload for all.  These issues have been occurring for years and have not been adequately and completely addressed.
Opportunities for career progression with expected streamlining of organisation
Apparent lack of promotion opportunities at Merck.
Headcount - failure to fill openings that represent 1/2 of our team plus our manager's development rotation and supplementing openings with only temporary fill-ins places more stress on the existing team and risks the rigor and consistency of the audit program
This company views union employees not as a valuable asset but rather an entity that can be achieved "cheaper" while they achieve their bonuses for cutting costs (not them of course).  We are just as vital and educated as most of them yet treated worse than the contractors are treated.  It is getting worse.
Senior management changes and how that will impact the Company.
work/life balance is a big challenge.  Lack of resources makes it difficult to build necessary coverage to protect vacation and weekends.
Staying healthy through Covid and also about personal safety when I have to travel to London due to Covid
work life balance is difficult to maintain
Management in my MRL organization
I am concerned about staying connected to my teams.  Working remotely for over a year is taking a toll.  I like and need personal interaction.  Although we have been productive over this past year, there's nothing like the energy and ideas that flow from an in-person meeting.
Overig = the job is fragmented into many different projects and other tasks
I am very concerned about that plan to move to Rahway and the open space model of office design, it’s impact on Merck’s culture, whether it will be functional and efficient space, whether employees will feel safe post - covid, and it the Company understands the implications of going to this model.  Studies show that open space reduces collaboration and is highly unpopular amongst teams, and most have moved away from it.  Though the “hybrid” work model does seem to be the right concept going forward, when combined with open space, it creates a very different dynamic.
Large headcount reduction (MMD's current policy of achieving profitability through people reduction, with no adjustment for the workload). This is also leading to collapse of our foundation base (knowledge, competency, actual effective training and understanding of procedures and science). MMD is in a state of ruthless prioritization and the items mentioned are the items being dropped/deprioritized. Products are being filed with errors in the filing because no one has time to properly focus attention, connect with manufacturing staff, gain proper reviews. If asked, the response is that there are no resources. MMD is not flowing resources/finding resources to protect against these holes which eventually damage us.
work-life balance
Clear expectations.
Upset by: cancel culture, lack of middle-ground, hiring decisions based on quotas rather than skill set
Appraisal not given by company, we all did well but appraisal give us very less
Living/Working space and family well being
Career success
the fortification of silos in MMD and MRL. E.g. MRL is pursuing digital solutions independently and in some cases, orthogonally to MMD. Within MMD, the silos between large and small molecules are getting stronger.
The current political environment is extreme and not favorable to pharma. I also prefer that Merck stays out of politics and remains neutral.
Work/life balance is very concerning leading to undue stress at work and home. Strong performance is rewarded with more responsibilities, without consideration to support existing priorities.
Achieving a good work-life balance while developing a career path forward
The COVID pandemic.  Protecting the environment.
lack of value of deep technical expertise
My concern is that I am not able to advance my career in the area where I am most passionate.
Mental wellbeing and work-life balance.    It is so very difficult to manage workload + family balance right now.   Meeting after Meeting for many team members is difficult when children are at home as well.
Broader portfolio of products to reduce reliance on Keytruda and Vaccines
You didn't ask anything about remote work- which is surprising considering that's a huge topic elsewhere.
Financial security, college, etc.; mental health
It seems unbalanced when promotions are given. More tribal Merck employees or connected employees are given promotions regardless of experience. I do not believe outside experience is valued in the manner it should be over Merck legacy employees and opportunities are harder to achieve.
Keeping customers supplied with product.
Trying to figure out a way to put 3 kids through college at the same time.
Within HH IT, where I work, there is a lot of importance given to white people. Whether they are qualified or not, if they are buddies with the manager and can talk about Golf, they are good. Learning new skills and obtaining AWS certifications don't matter. The buddy culture and people who changed from being employees to contractors and are friends with the manager, they seem to matter more. The contractors' job security and their well being matters more than the employees.
Workload. Lack of job opportunities to grow within my org.
Stress level of my team
work/life balance working remotely is not good ideal right now
work life balance, manage the work related stress, work resources
Work life balance
Dealing with stress and work life balance issues are important to me.
Balance of workload.  Way too much work interfearing with personal life.
Limits of natural resources. Climate Change. Impact of Digitalisation and AI.
I am a P2 supervisor with a P1 salary, i have reports that earn more than I do even though I outrank them, have more responsabilities and i've been part of the company for longer
Feeling relaxed and comfortable. This place is not good for my mental health.
I am harassed/discriminated against in my group with no support from managers
Inflation & increased taxes and personal compensation to manage increases while also handling higher education costs
Management having a better understanding of the nuances of being an Oncology focused company
Other concerns include 1) a lack of clear strategic directions from the new leaders of Merck and MSD, and 2) the lengthy time of without knowing who the new leader and what new organizational structure will be for CORE.
Too many people attempting to manage remotely and failing but we won't know until the project fails.
We need human capital to get our work done.  No plans to backfill, asked to more with less but the "more" gets bigger everyday and the "less" gap is widening by the minute.
Company dependence on Keytruda/Onc,
There are too few field opportunities to grow salary.  Outside of oncology, it’s impossible to continue to get raises.
My biggest concern is Merck's recent decision to weigh in and comment on social and political issues and events that are outside of the scope of what we do.   In particular, I found it  discouraging that the company made a public announcement regarding a recent law enacted by another state regarding its decision to change its laws.   All states have the right to change their  laws which they have jurisdiction over,  and for our company to criticize such laws, and suggest that the changes result in a negative impact to a particular segment of our population is completely inappropriate.  In addition, I am a bit confused about whether the views of the senior leadership, and in particular the CEO are supposed to reflect the general views of Merck's employees?  If that is the case, as a minority and proud American, I do not feel that I was given the opportunity for my voice to be heard.
I hope home office will be an option post-pandemic as well.
Most concerned about limited opportunities for upward mobility
I am nearing the end of my career but the company does not appear to want to have the discussion about what next for me, what next for my role. There is no talk of succession planning . I question whether we are inclusive of older employees wishes
career growth
continued flexibility when we return onsite, including flexibility for admins.
Workload (balancing work & personnal life)
work - life balance
Fear of speaking up! Subtle retaliation, not obvious retaliation like being fired. But not being treated the same after speaking up. Why bother speaking up if someone will treat me different AND if the issued addressed does not change.  Also, motivation by intimidation. Passive aggressive ways of managing. Being told of negative results but not receive coaching on how to not to have these negative results. While working from home not everyone working on a level playing field. Differences   in equipment provided, technical issues, internet speed, ergonomic working conditions which may contribute to productivity. However, expectations for productivity remain the same as when working on site, where employees have similar working conditions, internet connection, ergonomic conditions etc. Not much leniency for production while working from home during a pandemic for certain groups. Expectations seem to remain the same while WFH during an unprecedented time.
i am working on work life balance but it is with effort. current pace will be hard to maintain. With the split of the company it is difficult to maintain "wearing double hats" for too many months.
Children (college age)/elderly parents medical/mental health support/management
Promotion and growth in respect of pay raise and also appreciation or award culture is not here.
Not working 12 hours a day and having time to spend with my family
internal politics, misalignment between functions, and empire building (with limited value) have a serious negative impact on our ability deliver the right outcome.
Travel to the new site of Rahway from Whitehouse Station West is far me to travel on a regular basis
amount of changes at the leadership level
Increase taxes, stock market, too much Govt  spending.    Boarder Crisis.   Illegal guns and drugs coming into our country   .
Helping people in my community and being a light in the world.
Career aspirations and growth within the company.
Getting back to see customers.  Nothing will replace in-person engagements with customers.
I'm an "older" employee.  I understand we need to attract younger talent for our future but I still have many years to give to this company.  I honestly feel at times my experience may not be as valued as someone who may be younger or more diverse.  Again - understand they why and the need and for the most part, agree with it.  Just hope I'm not squeezed out in the process.
I am concerned that Merck may become too much like Twitter and Facebook. In other words, too active in political, social, health, and economic problem commentary. Please stay out of these high risk, low reward battles. We gain nothing from these battles that are not aging well. Let's focus on pharma and science!!!
Creating a working environment emphasize not only productivity but also sense of emotional well being of individual and team
lack of advancement
Growth opportunities; team bandwidth
Work-Life Balance
Concerns for racial Injustice is more for the US situation, esp. hate against Asian American. Merck is doing well on this!
Personal growth and development
Being able to bring the organization along on modality-agnostic thinking is critical. Part of this is being able to convince employees of the benefits of this thinking without succumbing to the temptations of focusing narrowly in areas where each is an SME. Driving and sponsoring a growth mindset in all employees remains something of an ongoing challenge.
capacity, workload and lack of resources/staffing
Succession planning of senior leaders and next generation of senior and executive leadership
Being Valued for the hard work and consistent effort put in every day to help the company succeed.
Personal development and Studies
Decision making process within the company.  Too much Group Think going on.
There is to much company and politics being mixed together too much to the point that is is countering the message of diversity and inclusion.  Pushing new agenda's in the political sense don't seem to align with what George Merck said and I think it is best to follow it - "We try never to forget that medicine is for the people. It is not for the profits. The profits follow, and if we have remembered that, they have never failed to appear. The better we have remembered it, the larger they have been."
Work/life balance
Work/Life balance
work/life balance
Returning to the office and maintaining/re-establishing personal/professional connections with folks and the culture that makes Merck so great and the work rewarding.  I also need a better place to work than my dining room table ;)
- Decisions made without foresight of impact to personnel or business
Our ability to return to work, to work as teams, to rekindle the social element of being a merck community.
Career path / promotion / professional growth
Finding a good work-life balance
I simply want to be able to do more than Compliance/Senior Leadership are allowing me to do. Sick of being tired of the rules of engagement with customers and how we talk across functions at Merck Oncology. Since Jill added a layer between her and Bruce the organization has become siloed to the point of inefficiency.
not meeting metrics due to excessive workload.
Increase in the number of processes we have to follow which often causes confusion across functions and adds to daily workload. This causes major delays in accomplishing our responsibilities.
keeping up with the pace while providing high quality work
Once Ken leaves our company won't be able to pretend that they care about social justice initiatives. We use Ken as a crutch to say we care about black lives, but we really haven't done anything to help. Same with drug pricing. We ask our employees to send letters on our behalf instead of looking internally and cutting millions of dollars of spend to external partners who don't do anything extra for us.
Rising costs of healthcare with no choice in plan type - and in particular the deductible, which prevents me from getting even the basic healthcare beyond the free health check annually.
Budget limitation & cutting back
Too didactic and approach to how we interact with our external stakeholders and losing sight of their specific needs and those of their patients
My personal Life and work balance
Merck needs to keep its nose out of politics that do not impacts its core businesses
Information technology resources.  The demand for data and data science in the business has increased exponentially but the budget for IT has flattened and in some cases declined.  This paradox makes it difficult to be innovative in our new data rich pharma world.
proper work/life balance
Growth driver products within Chronic Illness
Work Life balance; we keep being asked to do more with less.
Opportunities for promotionNot
There seems to be a drive to return to the office when we have proven that we can do our jobs working remotely for over a year
work and personal life balance
Work life balance, we are constantly being asked to do more and not getting any help. When I express my concern my work load seems to increase.
work/life balance
The negative direction exclusively metrics driven decisions made by management/upper management are taking our company.  DRAIN THE SWAMP!
Growth opportunities
Allowing employees back into the office again, especially if you are already vaccinated.  Employees like myself have been at home working each day for over a year who live alone would benefit mentally having this option to interact with others during the workday again.
Job future/security - I don't feel like I've gotten very good support from my leadership and there doesn't seem to be a very established career path for me. My leadership intentionally created rules for our area that delayed my growth and potential opportunities to further my career at the company. At this point I'm trying to decide if Merck is where I want to stay or if it's time to find another company where I have growth potential and I'm not being held back.
balancing work/life
Balancing a healthy lifestyle with the requirements of the role, however this is not a criticism of the role. I think more investment in health convenience would help alot - vending machines with healthy food, an onsite gym.
General state of the country/world and the gradual shift toward extremism vs being in the middle, understanding all sides and coming together.
Our standing with our competitors.  We are very limited in our ability to interact with customers compared with our competitors and I believe it is affecting our sales and our standing in the field.
Commuting after working locally for so long!  And what that means for my family
Merck pipeline does not seem to be producing a steady stream of good products.
Lack of development / advancement opportunities
managing work responsibilities and balancing work with personal/family life
Are we preparing properly to be organized for and capable of bringing in the future?
Work -life Balance
There is a large disconnect from the sales force and those in leadership. People are making decisions and public statements which negatively impact the sales force and those of us who are customer facing. We have supply issues and that causes customers to lose faith in us. Regardless of who is to blame, customers lose faith in the company and our own abilities. We may never get some of these customers back due to decisions being made by leadership.
Politics and the vocabulary used currently in mainstream culture has begun (naturally) to show up in D&I Merck seminars/discussions.  I am concerned that some of the discussions may not be inclusive of all opinions.  I do hope that Merck continues to carefully consider how it's approaching some of the difficult topics being discussed right now.  These conversations are so important and there is so much discord in our country.  In order to bring about the most effective change, I would like to see Merck consider that we have liberal and conservative colleagues in our company.  Leaning too far in one direction may have negative consequences if people feel attacked for their beliefs or unable to express their thoughts.  It's a delicate matter which I have started to see creep into some of the D&I work, so i just want us to be thoughtful as a company.
returning to the office/lab
Not having enough time in the day to do all that is asked from me.
Work Opportunities/Good Work Experiences
my work-life balance and personal well being while working from home
Merck compensation is not competitive with the industry rates
The well-being of employees is very dependent on the culture and management of a department. And the company therefore consists of many small "companies" within the bigger company. Although the policy and initiatives of MSD are good (breaking down silos, empowerment of people, inclusion of people, etc.) this is visible in some departments, but not in all.
Mental Health
Mental health
Always feel behind in my work. The workload is too great for 1 person.
Proper compensation for employees that have been with Merck for >10 years.
That Merck is sliding down a path of critical race theory, saying that in order to be less racist we must be racist to certain class of people.
Advancing in career and future with the organization.  Also being told that our current and future contributions in Chronic Care matter to the company.  We don’t ever seem to hear that from our Senior Leadership team only local leadership.
I am concerned about Merck leadership continuing to get involved in politics and for taking a positions as a company.  We live in a world of incredible bias, where individuals with a platform have now become the judge and jury on injustices, real or perceived.  Merck is a great company and we have an incredibly important purpose.  It is important to have a social conscious, to respect all people and to do the right thing, but enough with the politics and pushing of progressive agendas.
Morale at work my mental health
Climate change!
Future Opportunities for my demographic at Merck - White Male age 53
Salaries increases
Vaccines are good, but ones that we know the safety studies for.  Merck of Old would have never said this mRNA vaccine is safe without doing the full safety study's in animals and humans.  No one can say there will be NO safety issues in the long run because you can't.  People need to be given the whole truth of all the animal studies and human studies that were done.  Merck would never take a vaccine into people if animals died.  I am hopeful that in a few years we will have seen NO problems with these new vaccines but you can not guarantee they are safe, no one can yet.  Natural immunity is strong and working for most people but that has been removed from any discussions anywhere, why?  Everyone has a right to choose to be vaccinated and should absolutely have the right to wait for the long term safety studies to be done.  Politics are playing a huge role in people's lives now and those who want to wait on this vaccine are being made to feel like they are wrong and not helping others
WFH policy for AAs
I feel the company gets too involved in politics and racial injustice issues especially in the us.  Other countries have way larger issues with both racial and political issues but go largely ignored.
My primary concern at Merck is the future of the Chronic Care sales team.  It feels very fragile, and feels like there could be another reduction of the work force.
Financial Security
Work life and home life are off balance.   The amount of work is more than people can handle.
Merck should remain focused on science, not politics. I am most concerned about our company getting too politics and speaking for ALL employees. I don't feel like Christians are well represented as a group within Merck.
I want to thank West Vaccine DCO Erica Davidovic for her consistent advocacy for inclusion of all members of Merck’s diverse workforce. She serves as an example of how to make all members of a team feel included and valued.
Managing work life balance is difficult as there are so many tasks to perform and I am not very good at saying "no" and concerned how this would impact the teams ability to get tasks completed on time. Concerned that I don't always give my children all the time I should be giving them when I work in evenings or feel down about work loads to consume
Inconsistency - between different leaders at the same time, and/or from the same leaders over time (i.e. in the five minutes between when we talk about what is important and then where we are spending our money). Focus/priorities and how they are interpreted still seem to be changing more quickly than they need to be.
1 - senior leaders voicing political opinions on current events without relevant facts. 2- Diversity training that implies our company has issues with racism on the lead slide which reads "help us create a work environment free from racism". Merck is one of the most diverse places I have ever worked and at no time in my 25 years working here have I ever experienced anything but exactly the opposite. I know many people who feel the same way and are afraid to speak up about it
The fact that racial injustice and politics are on this list is demonstrative of my concerns.  Our CEO who takes a public stand against a GA law that is less restrictive that the voting laws in our NJ hq is concerning.  We take issue with anything race related that occurs but ignore the imprisonment of Uighurs in a country we continue to invest vast sums in. Our diversity training has become solely focused on skin color and calling others out.  It’s Critical Race Theory in practice and it’s divisive.  The ubiquitous D & I training is racist and offensive.
Workload - working from home has extended working hours by at least 4 hrs a day...
I understand the need for certain boundaries when it comes to compliance but do feel, based on my friends in other oncology companies, we are overly conservative and placing too many restrictions on reps which in turn is making our jobs even more difficult. We seem to be compliancing our way out of appointments and opportunities for important discussions with physicians and other health care staff.
Other: Maintaining motivation can be challenging given the large amount of time require to do the more administrative aspects of the job ( updating systems such as USPT/mySD, RDS, Orion, GCM) versus the time actually spent on regulatory work (determining regulatory requirements/strategy, authoring submissions, etc).  Also, we update the various systems and processes so often that one often feels they are just constantly relearning their job.
Compensation - not as good as other companies like BMS especially on stock options
Discovering new medicines
Managing stress associated with work-life balance in remote workplace, but just as concerned how the workplace in the future will adapt to the new environment.
I am most concerned about our ability to focus on our core mission as a business to deliver on company strategy.  Our heritage is to create and deliver life saving/improving medicines to health care providers so they in turn can help their patients have a better quality of life.  That should be our focus.
Been able to be present at the sites to coach, learn current situation to support better
Being able to get meaninglful satisfaction from coming to work each day.
how fast we as a company will get back to "Normal"
continuing to navigate challenges presented by pandemic (work and personal)
also concerned about Merck's future. Upcoming drugs / pipeline/ Company's success
Other: Managerial and executives lack of understanding or empathy, when it relates to employees of color's inability to focus, be productive, or balance daily added stress and strain, with daily duties. Personally, I've been told and even encouraged to take trainings that will, "increase my mental resilience". This comment alone shows a lack of understanding, and a level of insensitivity; and these comments come from VERY emotionally intelligent managers. This has shown me that even mangers with high EQ and brilliant people/managerial skills, that are not not of color- lack an understanding and level of empathy in how to help or support their employees of color.
Job performance in new team
Work/Life Balance that does not exist
Work/life balance- always a challenge!
work/life balance
Mental health
C-suite leadership seems more focused on politics than running our company well. There seems to be no tolerance for diverse thought.
Am I being compensated equally as my coworkers who are a level higher for performing the same job functions?
Connection with colleauges -- I feel more disconnected as time goes on
Ability to add value and impact customers given the extremely large amount of Merck employees/reps all contacting the same people.
Upward career trajectory and availability and openness around the path to reach new heights in my career.
Our company continuing to reduce US employee workforce
keeping my family healthy, too.
return to work and how will impact my family and adjustment
Being healthy has to do with the amount of work and being able to have balance.   As we start to move to seeing customers the work load from our computer and workload that can't be accomplished on the road.   The vast majority of clinics is still shut down to curbside.   Spring is ultimately a busy time at MAH....but maybe reserving other product promotions until after Spring - too many programs, CE, clinic requirements/requests being fired off and expected all at the same time.....difficult to prioritize and manage.....clinics are still just trying to survive one day at a time.
Lack of female leaders in US Oncology My manager's focus on personal goals versus the enterprise Oncology decisions are more political versus entrepreneurial/customer focus
We have to do a better job at prioritizing work and make decisions to stop work.  We can't just assume that people can take on additional work without prioritization.
Work life balance - ability to keep the business running with lower and lower levels of resources, all the while continuing to have to find opportunities to reduce costs further.
There is a lot of work to be done, and not a lot of people with the right skills (yet) to do it.
equity in compensation
Loss of business and market share due to competitive companies ability to have in person contact with clients and clients being upset and switching off of our products because of the political statements that our CEO has been making.
SOMETIMES UNFAIR DECSIONS OR INSPIRES DISTRIBUTION TO SOME EMPLOYEES THAT  CAN LEAD SOME UNSATISFACTION AND DEMPOTIVATION IN THE ENTIRE TEAM. MANAGERS SHOULD BE CAREFUL TO BE THE MOST IMPARTIAL THEY CAN DO!
Workload, large amount of meetings, not enough head count
Adapt to the culture of the company
Commute once we return to office and Rahway location
Our ability to compete with competitors in the same therapeutic space
Finding the right work / life balance and making sure that work does not become "life" in the current situation that the world is in.
Work/Life balance
Manage the high workload
Will the intake of COVID-19 vaccines be mandatory to return to the office?  If so, will COVID-19 vaccines (all types) be administered at offices?  If current remote employees return to the office, will offices be safe, well-cleaned, and well-ventilated?
I'm not convinced the necessary changes to eliminate process, bureaucracy, micro-management, and slow decision making will change with the new leadership.
diminishing resources to get the work done with current staff working extreme hours which may lead to burnout, job dissatisfaction, illness, departure from the company, etc....
The inability to get promoted within the company.  There is too much politics on getting promoted -- doing an exceptional job is overlooked and how much an employee contributes to the overall success of the company. is not always taken into account when trying to get promoted...…...
There is always so much work to be done with our jobs. Working remotely allows us more time to be online and connected to work, which increases our productivity. The problem I have, and others on my team have as well, is stepping away from it.  Creating that "end of day" or "lunch" instead of logging on again after dinner or working thru lunch is important.  Striking a balance with work hours is more challenging.
Opportunities for advancement and mental well being of those around me given the new normal.
Lack of career development and progression.
my children are having hard time with the virtual learning and one of them is concerned about the racial injustice that is going on.
I'd like to be able to work less than an 11 hour day & not feel guilty about or not have fallen hopelessly behind. I'd likewise LOVE to use my vacation days without needing to log in, attend mtgs or address concerns for more than 1 day at a time
I´m concerned about the stress and  the time availability for personal life
Managing my workload along with family responsibilities (aging parent and sibling who is mentally disabled), while trying to keep myself healthy.
work life balance
Makes me nervous when Executives all start leaving the company, what do they know that isn't transparent to us at lower levels.
Career growth,
Time for exercising and keep up with my medical check ups.
My manager is amaizing, she take care about all of the group and she allways listen what every one have to say and take the better solution to every one, is a very good manager and leader.  In the area, are some persons that don´t know how to work as a team, and some times in my role we feel like harassed, that we are being watched to see where we are wrong and that the other roles make this evident, but noy in a good way, always looking for a culprit, instead of solving and learning from mistakes.
The environment
Too many high priority projects and few resources
work life balance (I work so many extra hours, and I don't get paid for extra hours )
I seem to have more projects than time. Working a lot of weekends.
Being treated fairly. Not having a certain set of rules/promotions for gender/race
Starting a family.
Being Challenged in my Professional Role
You nickel and dime us all the time! I can’t believe you took off the gold leaf on our business cards that says “Vice President Award.” That says it all!
I am concerned that I am not an employee my manager feels need to be developed, promoted or rewarded.  I feel there are employees that my manager favors and others that they choose to not support to an equal degree.
Equity in vaccine distribution worldwide
career opportunity
Driving Sales of Priority Products
Covid 19 and ongoing issues world wide
Work life balance
I'm genuinely worried about burnout amongst my team. I work every day to support them and clear barriers so that the increasing pace of work and pressure to close performance gaps does not overwhelm them
the ability of our leadership to recognize issues that our company has before it and tackle them.   the culture among our building.
Work will flow to me without limit and I keep working more. Might not work at some point.
Our MSD team is overpowered by the IFM team in the new WeWork office.  Lost sense of belonging because the warm and cozy MSD culture has been replaced by somewhat cold and rigid approach of the 3rd-party contractor.
Change in role and how it is impacting my mental health
work/life balance
Work-life balance
Being able to strike a good and right balance between work and family.
if personal value match with company`s culture.
There seems to be less of a priority on GMP and more of a priority on just getting things done......and fast!! A lot of tasks given to us are now are urgent or a matter of urgency,this immediately puts people under pressure and I don't think I have ever seen so many people across site disallusioned about the ways things are being done across site.  There's a lot of talk about mental health and personal wellbeing but I don't think it is the priority the company think it is. The priority is to get the jobs done urgently.
overwhelming amount of data to remember
work life balance while working from home.
The way training is carried out.. Reading a procedure is not sufficient training. Some procedures on my learning a question why i  have to read?? For example in recent times we changed to Glims and it was a case of read procedures online and you were trained. There should have been more hands on training. Its a system that i only know how to do the basics on. Not using the system to its full potential.
I am a little nervous about returning to the office because I have replaced my daily commute with exercise and I am concerned than when I return to the office it will be harder to maintain my general level of fitness. Additionally, I have enjoyed  working from home and don't want to feel obliged to return to the office.
Envirement of work. Inconvinience location of company.
Staff on shift can only take 3 of the 9 available bank holidays as holidays and must take the other 6 a pay, this means day staff get more holidays than shift staff.
Managing stress and mental health
Work/Life Balance: Amount of work, new projects, pressure on deadlines increases but less amount of FTE's are available. This increases the pressure on existing staff and the majority of us is already working more hours everyday with being efficient in most areas.
company not response quickly enough for environment and policy change due to non-localized leader
fairness in the financial and non-financial incentives
Fair remuneration, access to resources
advancing my carrier
Internal politics leading to waste of resources or decrease of people empowerment.
Concern about being obliged to use communication means (Veeva Engage) with the argument it is better for our customers and user friendly for them, when the benefits seem rather for the companies being able to make analytics.
The annual leave policy for shift workers. Shift workers have overtime built into their shift which in turn should increase their annual leave allowance but currently only get the same as day staff. Shift workers also don't get the benefit of public holidays hours available to take as annual leave which means that even though we work more hours per year than day staff we actually get less time annual leave. This is completely different from other employers with shift workers.
work - life balance could be better
MSD is a great company to work for it would be the best if there were enough resources scheduled to do the job properly. Its extremely stressful trying to manage all the responsibilities we have.
I feel manger makes women feel inferior of him, he reigns supreme over women
All the employee development and promotions must be based on their performance, past experience and required skill sets.
I'm concerned about personnel shortages, on multiple shifts, and there doesn't seem to be a desire to fill the open spots on the production floor.  I can't perform my job, like I want to, due to filling in for people we don't have on the production floor, therefore my training is not being completed unfortunately.  Which in the end, makes me look like I'm not doing what I'm supposed to be doing, but it seems like running production with fewest heads possible is the business plan for 2021.
Inertia. The company has to evolve but, whilst we're welcome to share ideas, there's a hesitancy about translating those into action.
Opportunities for advancement into other areas of Merck I have interest in.
Concerned that Merck is getting too involved in politics instead of remaining neutral.  We need to stay focused on developing medicines for patients/animals and not delving into the political realm. Other: Work life balance.  There needs to be a greater focus on moving a way from the 7-day work week mentality.
With massive restructuring of the IT organisation, it is worrying whether custom engineering will be shrunk or even disbanded in favour of platform engineering.
I need more people in my team to be able to deliver the on the scope and service I need to provide
work live balance because of increasing workload over the years
Lot of experimenting.  Need to move experiment results into standard work.
Maintaining a good Work/Life balance in the COVID workplace
Global Pandemic (Covid 19)
Organizational changes
personal (extended) family issues
I have a concern that this company is too big to be able to achieve the goal for cross-functional collaboration and we waste resources working still very much in silos.
Fatigue. Feels like I am continuously working.
I am very concerned about the very poor work/life balance which requires 60 hour every week.  Every time we lose colleagues to external jobs, there is more work piled upon the current PMs.   There is no outsourcing, or infilling. It is very discouraging.  There is also a strong subjective bias to promote and reward Keytruda team members more consistently than any other project space.  It is well documented within our department, based upon recent promotions.  It has been identified by other folks from Merck departments, as well.
I am concerned for more information on my retirement in the next 2-3 years
work life balance, capacity overload
Merck's drug pipeline and that we missed the mark on a COVID vaccine. It appears the company has drifted away from focusing on what we do as a business and it seems our competitors are waving at us as they drive by.
Integration of MAHI and effect on job responsibilities
The balance of work and life is extremely difficult at this time.  My managers continue to tell us to look for ways of taking work out of the system and we do that as much as possible.  However, additional requests continue to be added on to the workload we already have, so we are becoming overwhelmed. This leads to many extra hours of work and the inability to focus on personal life and health.
how to stay connect and included in my current dept role
Differences can make us stronger. It allows us to cover more blind spots. Please continue to allow for conscientious, cooperative yet dissenting thought in the process, especially in hot button political and social topics. Happy to help in all compassion, truth and grace.
The lack of true proactive execution of diversity and inclusion from Merck leadership.
The fact that Merck froze the company pension in 2019 and eliminated the medical subsidy for those born 1963 and after.
There seems to be a lot of changes with retirement or individuals moving to new companies. These changes concern me since there are a good amount of them and it gives me worry for all the change all at once. What does that mean for employees who remain.
Education
Well being of colleagues.
The fate of Elkton Building 47, and especially it's team.  We have worked very hard to build a cohesive skilled team.  If we don't get another product or focus quickly, we will be disbanded and lose what we have worked to build.
Career progression
Protecting my young child from COVID, making decisions to keep him safe with no vaccine available for him.
Need career advancement support from upper mgmt.
keeping up a high level of performance
getting some reprieve from the current work load and some vacation time to refresh
Career progression
There has been a lot of turnover in Oncology field sales. Lots of reps/managers are leaving. It’s very unsettling when positions are not being back filled. There are lots of rumors around restructure - it would be great to have more transparency around this issue and acknowledgement of the mass exodus of OSRs and the reason behind it.
Personal Growth
Safety and well being of others
Work/Life Balance when returning back to office
mental health; burn out; work life balance
Work Life balance, remote work
The Varicella department 57245 does not have a functional training program and is running production at a level that does not support training technicians. Managers up through directors do not understand the process well enough to support technicians on the shop floor. Family lives are being disturbed due to the amount of forced overtime to achieve upper management's production goals.
I am concerned that the company is losing execution efficiency as people are used to remote meetings and not interested in solving problems that requires physical presence.  I have the impression that talking is rewarded more than doing.
The safety of my family in another country.
It's challenging to develop and learn new opportunities.  I feel there are not too many other opportunities to learn in my department.  It's difficult to grow.
Promotionability & fairness
With the Covid Pandemic ongoing, being able to balance work (both remote/WFH and going onto site for critical activities) and raising young children that have to work in a virtual education environment has been an ongoing challenge.  It has been placing a lot of emotional and mental strain on many people in the company.
Inequality between MDs and non-MDs in Medical Affairs
Personal and professional satisfaction...the integrated life.
Emotional healthy
Territory is dangerous, some parts are unsafe
Managing the stress of a heavy workload while working from home and feeling disconnected due to the lack of face to face interaction with my colleagues.
Environmental sustainability and also the return to office working or travel being done safely (given the lack of easy access to COVID vaccination in EU currently)
Expedition 25 and the impact it will have on our ability to deliver on what we promised.
Keeping my job (not being fired due to company restructuring)
I am concerned about the lasting effects that the COVID-19 pandemic may have on our industry relative to physician access to customer facing teams.
How about starting a family and being able to know that I'll have enough time to dedicate to a new growing family. It hasn't happened to this point for almost a decade! As a good example, Merck HR increased the paternity leave benefit in 2021 to 12 weeks. I guarantee that I'll never be able to take 12 consecutive weeks of benefit in my current job role and area because management would need to flat-out replace me. There aren't enough interchangeable parts with all the aggressive timelines just to do all that. I might get 2 weeks here and there at a time, but that's  a completely half-assed focus on family life. It will have to be one or the other for me.
That we lose focus on our key mission of delivering life changing products to people who need them
other - stress management & work-life balance
Finding work-life balance
Long term strategy and will there be a place for my role in the future
Opportunities for growth
managing stress that comes with unrealistic timelines
I am concerned about the increase in anti science and anti human rights issues in this country and around the world. I worry about the direction in which things are moving and what impact this may have on my young son.
Fair work - It seems as if certain people are allowed to do significantly less at work while others have to pick up the slack.  There seems to be no repercussions or desire to level work demands
Senior leadership is not allowing for the impact of Covid, remote working, no travel or face to face meetings etc  on peoples ability to get work done and still expects people to deliver as normal and delivery expedition25  changes when people are barely surviving due to Covid
When going back to the office, how will the 'new ways of working' change and be adopted.  Total Compensation: - How will Merck be competitive and more aligned with LTI (P4 level and below) - The rise in healthcare costs - Inflation
Work-life balance
The rate at which we as a site are being asked to change from product to product to product
true fairness and access for people of color or other minority groups.
Work Life Balance
Mental health
Work-related stress due to workload.
Improved technology and utilization of systems and not excel spreadsheets. Need to leverage best practices and implement once vetted out.
I’m concerned about job security because of the announcement that was made stating that college degrees were no longer a requirement for various field based employees, which devalues existing employees, and will most certainly lower wages.  I’m concerned about the long term viability within Merck for Caucasian males, since it appears there is no representation with any network, like there are for various minorities, and even the Women’s network. Our US media and Merck CEO tells us there is systemic racism in our country and  even within Merck.  In my opinion the creation of all of these subgroups just causes more divisiveness.  Why would a male want to attend a Women’s network meeting or a female ever want to attend a Men’s network meeting?  Does this mean women can start using men’s restrooms in HQ and vice versa.....or will we soon just drop the gender reference all together, and any restroom can be used by all?!
I don’t feel like our company’s leadership should be speak out politically. It is not representative of the entire company and it creates problems for those that have to call on customers with differing viewpoints.
Integrating and making the business fly
Other - advancement in the company
Balancing work and new married life.
balance of work and life outside of work  the right number and right skills on the team to perform the workload within the E2E
The pace in Merck Oncology and implications for capacity, workload and work-life balance is unsustainable at the individual level. It's great news for Merck and it's great news for patients, but there is a personal toll taken which can't be overlooked.
The regulatory changes that are taking place in the country, as well as the restructuring due to the separation of the companies give a certain air of uncertainty even when one tries to be the most resilient and optimistic.
Emotional wellbeing needs to be embraced by middle management.  Executive leadership and Merck resources  has done a great job.  Managers need to embrace emotional well being goes beyond people in crisis. It involves the daily life stresses that people openly share and those life stress they do not want to share.
Different groups working on the same projects
I have little overall concern right now beyond focusing on training for my new role and learning a new business and territory.
My team is going through many employee changes which leaves our team short staffed.  The amount of extra work is quite a bit as we are all taking on other peoples jobs.  I do wish that the positions are filled quickly or compensation is made to those who are picking up all the extra work.
work/life balance
My career path.
I’m most concerned about advancing in my career.  I’m performing well.  Unfortunately, my current manager is not an advocate for career advancement.  Two people have recently left my team.  I’m next.
Managing family commitments
The imbalance among roles in the department.
I am actually concerned about MSD and their culture and growth mindset mentality. I agree everyone needs to have a growth mindset, but it seems to be one sided. So much valuable information and feedback comes from the field force yet little is actioned from a head office perspective and we are regarded as not having a growth mindset because we provided that feedback. The field do not feel heard when all we want is to ensure patients and clinicians benefit from our products. It is actually easier to not say anything at all.
Opportunity for career progression - roles appear to be filled internally without advertising for all internal stakeholders. Confidence in the business and management to ensure teams function capably - I believe I have witnessed numerous occasions in which members of teams need to be challenged in roles and this has not been the case to improve standards. Further I’m not confident that locally we as a business fulfil the values we aim to uphold globally.
Internal processes seem to dominate our existence instead of focussing on business and customer needs
Financial incentives and job growth as i feel individual contributions are not looked at for promotions
improved medical benefits not only as an individual but including the dependents and family members.
Merck still hasn’t fully adopted/accepted ideas shared from different people across the organization.  Old school Merck way of doing things still overrides everything.  If change is really wanted, start by implementing MANAGER FEEDBACK that is directly tied to PPO.  As field employees, not being able to provide manager feedback to your manager sets a tone that employee imput does not matter as well as change.  When manager feedback is part of their PPO, it starts to eliminate unnecessary obstacles and forces leadership to use the customer mindset by treating their employees as their customers which results in actual change.
There is a lot of uncertainty surrounding my work in MSD. People resources are fast getting depleted due to headcount reduction initiatives by the company.  Work-life balance is no longer existent in this company.
Senior leadership does not value the efforts of their supervisors and mid level managers. I work shift work, required to work excessive hours, holidays, weekends, nights and the compensation for these efforts does not reflect a global leader. I don't have the option to say no to OT without repercussions.
Trying to get my work priorities completed
Money Printing and the inherent consequences which may lead to uncontrollable inflation and political instability
Payroll in Jordan , is based on the old inflation rate which was updated many years before. As the inflation rate is increasing massively , we need to re assess the salaries as it need to be updated .
Pipeline & some studies falling down recently.
* career development * helping the company transform
development and growth within the company
Balanced work load among team members
I feel there is uncertainty in the future balance between remote and onsite work. It's very unclear at this time what direction the company will be taking on this matter
Being undermined for growth opportunities.
I joined MSD during the pandemic and its a great and supportive place
Overpressuring of employees that is leading to Human Performance Errors
Work & life balance
IT issues. the fact that our laptops are so slow, even the newer models hampers my productivity and increases stress
There is an enormous workload and at the same time there are challenges to reduce workforce.
I don't feel we are working together like we once did.  Some are making decisions that they really don't understand  the full process.
Lack of time and resources to get the job done.
As a woman I am concerned that men's rights are being completely forgotten in this current environment where women's issues are in the spotlight constantly. I am also concerned that the wonderful differences between men and women are not being celebrated - being equal does NOT mean being the same!
lack of new outpatient drugs, new launches...
My monetary income (salary)
Merck's future given the external pressures on healthcare budgets and our performance (or lackthereof) throughout COVID
Global Warming
When I challenge ideas, dept LT has already made its decisions. It's pointless to raise concerns anymore when decisions have been made.
As I am new I don't have too many concerns right now aside from making sure I can work in an environment were I am safe and healthy.
Working in the lab feels like there's no clear goal in mind. Our director has not addressed the lab in weeks/months as a whole. They have not addressed any real concerns like the very high turnover rate and instead has harped on issues that don't relate to the amount of QN's received.
1. Career progression for each level/band is not clear. It gave uncertainty to individual in their career growth with Merck and MSD. 2. MPS loading of 100% could have deprived individual development as there is no spare time for other activities.
note: by staying healthy I mean mentally. A lot of ongoing changes are requested from us which makes it difficult to find rest from time to time.
I am currently weighing my options to stay with Merck. Since I have been at Merck for the last 9 years I have had to have 3 salary adjustments., 2 of which were significant. Although I am grateful for the adjustment it also makes me wonder are they only doing just enough to keep me in the bottom range or would another company value me more.
IMPACT OF THE PASSAGE TO ORGANON WILL HAVE ON MY WORK AND JOB SITUATION
I am very concerned how political focused Merck is becoming.  I see political and social focus becoming the central point of focus now for many teams versus other issues that may really be impacting our healthcare professionals and patients.  We are losing focus on our business by over swinging on politics and social issues.  The company also isn't very open to moderate and conservative perspectives. People should feel every bit as free to express those opinions without risking their job but I don't think that is the case.  This is why I think we should back away from being so political and keep more of our focus on our common mission for patients and providers which really builds a team environment
Volume of work and market pay for the work I perform.
Concerned that divisional initiatives are driven by reasons that ignore or are blind to their negative impact on site ability to do core work:  Safety, compliance, and production.
-Impact from Sars-CoV-2-pandemic  -Development of the pandemic since limited acceptance of restrictions locally and globally -Negative impact from restrictions applied locally
Changes in CEO, Head of MRL, leads to uncertainty on company priorities, vision and next steps. Anticipate changes to come, but unsure how they may impact work, job roles, etc
Work/Life Balance and expectations
The future of early discovery research at the ESC, it's direction, long term pipeline impact, and it's leadership.
Work life balance. There is none. I work at least 12 - 20 hours overtime as a manager per week. I get called on my days off to help answer questions and work through batch sheet releases at 11pm that are due by midnight. There is no work - life balance.  We have had some near misses recently that give me concern for my safety as well as my operators.  The resources I have are limited to none. We have no support. The only support we have is about to change departments. I am doing all I can to keep my operators in our area, but no one is hearing our issues or our concerns. They are all about to bid out and we have no one to help us. Morale is low. Job satisfaction is low. Alum is struggling right now to stay afloat.
Pay increases are  important to me
Career growth
I am concerned that the company is not calibrating their response to politics and racial issues with balanced perspectives. I support the initiatives and statements made this year, but as a manager have heard from a broad group of colleagues that the company is too influenced by media swings that are not always supported by data.
Be able to perform at work in a totally different environment (WFH, no travels, virtual meetings and engagements).
I am concerned about the move to "desk farms" and away from cubicles, where I will be positioned too closely to my co-workers without cubicle walls, not only from a physical perspective but also a mental perspective.   That is going to be too close physically, but also very distracting and unsettling..
I have been asked to do way more than I can handle. As others in my position have been. Some is do to someone leaving, but the over response to Covid has greatly complicated many aspects of my job making many tasks much more complicated.
Professional Development
Work/Life balance
True employee appreciation
The next steps in my career at Merck
Mental Health Stress Management
What the return to work will look like.
Remote work has been invaluable to me and my family. I sleep better, eat healthier, exercise more, spend time with family and dogs, take up hobbies, and just live a happier, healthier life (both mentally and physically). In addition, I can focus better at work and get more done since I am comfortable in a setting where I can tailor everything to my specific needs. I also feel more connected to my co-workers since we make time to chat virtually. The buildings are so massive we never saw each other in person. I am extremely concerned about having to go back to the office at any point in the future, knowing how much my life has improved. I am concerned Merck will miss out on young talent, as most other large companies offer remote work and they will choose to work there instead, as young people increasingly seek remote opportunities. Having the happiest, healthiest, most diverse work force will allow Merck to make medicines so the world can have the happiest, healthiest people possible!
Managing work-life balance
I feel that I have no perspective of growth in the function, this makes me unmotivated to continue progressing in the job.
Time management and minimizing the overwhelmed feeling for family
Work load, we are being asked to do more, with less, and balancing a work from home lifestyle. We are still reeling from Covid-19 and need to get some breathing room.
Work Balance and quality time
Given the COVID environment we are living in I feel that everything is a bit off balance. I do feel MAH has gone above and beyond to help everyone manage through this and for that I am very thankful and naturally feel even greater loyalty.
in this current environment the multiple meeting during the day to resolve issues for multiple programs does not allow for a good life balance ,as work needed to be completed is not done during the day due to meeting, so many extra hrs at night are needed and also on weekends. Furthermore, it is hard to find time to relax and take vacation as the demands are constant for multiple programs.
Learning my new role.
The worldwide pandemic situation.
back to office, meet my colleagues
Too many of these options are of equal concern and are high on my list of concerns to narrow down just 3. The top two have a direct effect on my personal path forward but the other options greatly impact the wellbeing of friends, family, and coworkers which is just as concerning.
I feel there is political pressure from the very top leaders to take a political side.  I disagree with that view and am very concerned about a successful outcome to communicating certain views. I do not stand alone. with how I feel, that is my concern. I believe it is a very poor business strategy to use the Merck name to communicate political views.
work/life balance
World recovering after Covid and measures to prevent it from happening again by tackling at source.
Making sure that the integrity of the research that I do is preserved from commercial conflicts and of interest to the wider scientific community.
Due to the COVID 19 pandemic Brasil is facing a really healthy difficult times, so I am concerned about this;
Workload - There is no life-balance, I believe stranger measures should be taken
Other = It is difficult to bring about a change to company "culture" when such changes are identified.
Slow processes at work, decreasing agility and ability to be responsive.
I am concerned about the stress levels and morale of my team.
salary lagging behind the market and wage inequality for the same position in the company
I am a bit concerned about returning to work and what that scenario will look like. I am fearful for a few reasons that returning to work to "open" space working will be mandatory. This makes me concerned because of COVID being exposed all day long, having to wear a mask all day long, and losing privacy to be able to freely engage in WebEx meetings while surrounded by other colleagues. I am worried i won't be able to do my job effectively. I want to come back to work but not in open space.
D&I and how Merck will address it; opportunities for upward mobility within the company
Loss of connection and work culture due to remote work.
Heavy workloads and job barriers leading to high stress is a major concern
work life balance
Retirement security, for myself, it is more of a personal choice issue than a company one. But every one that I work with (that is of early retirement age) feels this same insecurity.
what comes after spin for the company
I am concerned about stress levels brought on by a combination of higher expectations to work safely and get things Right the First Time conflicting with expectations to produce more in less time.
Work from home flexibility. Working from home and working remotely should be allowed to staff who can do their work from home.
Career Progression
I think that if the politics at work is removed then work would be a much better place to be. I find myself often having to watch my P's and Q's and "choose my battles" as my Manager always say. It is tiring and frustrating. Too much of Blame games happen on site. There is very little collaborative approach.
work/life balance
Work life balance, job security as Merck manages through low sales due to COVID, and supporting those that want to work from home no mater the department they work in or how close they are from HQ.
Carrer growth
Managing/executing home renovations Future of our country
Work/Life Balance
Team is great. While, company, cold blood.
During product launches, its imperative to minimize territory vacancies. It is difficult to find qualified candidates through the contract company in high cost of living areas, due to the comparatively low salary that is being offered.
Leraning and Science evidence
Opportunity to grow faster in some others company for my career path.
Mental health
My professional development at the company. Quality and balance of personal life.
After LOE of sitagliptin don’t no what is happening and don’t no what is there in pipeline for future
Present situations of pandemic makes me really concerned about the safety of health of my family and myself.
Compared to other vaccine companies-we do not have incentives for business partners (our distributors).
Work culture and ethics, the bigger the departments get the more islands start existing where people who speak up the loudest ( be it truthfully or not) will get whatever they want.
I am concerned that the columenof work has doubled due to working from home and I get a sense that the while organisation is heading fast into burn out
Delivering the work with limited timeline
Salary Pay Vs other Pharma companies
The number of parallel activities/projects running in parallel
Workload/burnout/retention
I may need more flexibility to work from home even though the pandemic is over
I am really worry about the heavy workload I have.
well being of my team
IT department does not allow open discussion on issues, problems. Supports non-transparent communication, organizational focus instead of collaboration and sharing. People are not allowed to share their opinion.
overtime, too big scope of work expected to be done
My concern is understanding what my future career path looks like at MSD and if there is opportunity for advancement. Whilst I have expressed interest in career advancement, there is no clear answer from management on how this would be achieved or what is needed other than keep doing what I am doing. When I accepted this position, it was agreed with the hiring manager that a clear path to career advancement would be worked through. This is still not clear after two years.  Further, the culture here is to have skip level meetings. My boss conducts skip levels with my staff and he has skip levels with his manager's boss, these are not happening for me eventhough I have highlighted it many times.
lots of useless actions going on thru organization, engaging for nothing. Too high work load
My age in relation to my role, majority of people in the group are younger than me.
When I say work resources, I mean things like sufficient legal support for animal health, a plan for deployment of vaccination equipment (structured, centralized approach to provide this equipment to customers + a plan for maintaining this equipment) and sufficient headcount in our commercial support services functions to allow dossiers to move ahead at a reasonable pace.   The staying healthy part is related to recent personal health concerns.   The Politics component is that I do have concerns about how politicized the pandemic and certain social issues have become and I have concerns for the preservation of individual freedoms moving forward.
In my department I feel there are not enough personnel to complete the amount of work there is. The new normal is longer hours and more stress,  I believe late evenings and stressful days are becoming more and more regular and expected by senior management to achieve targets and this should not be the norm, it should be on occasional circumstances. 'A fair days work' is not happening for a lot of people in the department I work in.
Company is lagging behind on innovations because of conservative mindset of leadership
I concern the workload (too much work. As far as I can judge, there are too many projects going on. I fear there are projects that don't get the attention they need.
I thank MSD Belgium and International for being supportive of its employees during this pandemic.  (I wish Belgium as an united country would be as supportive of its taxpayers)
I would appreciate a higher salary
Work Life Balance
Communication across the company isnt great just now ... its is often slow, only uses on channel of communication and doesnt treat internal changes / communication as well as external customers.  Esp for things like compliance updates. Great that we have the compliance champs and they do and outstanding job but central coms to everyone, use of teams compliance site / yammer etc should also be used as to not miss anyone. I feel like you can never over communicate in MSD... that saying tell them... tell them again is SOOOOOO imporant internally as well as externally.   Also i think we are still so far behind in material generation across the company and digital and still too much red tape Vs what other companies are able to do and this. We still have a big issue with medical signitories and not having enough... that items in development take weeks and weeks to get through which then makes new content no longer new or relevant.
For other, I can see no progression for me within the company.
would appreciate a bigger challenge, feels a bit like status quo, look forward to post spin
COVID-19 effects on the business (reorganization)
Correct leadership team in the country
Would like to ensure that adequate budget is made available for headcount, acquisition of new compounds, and conduct of innovative trials
Others has to do with the disconnect I feel under current situation. Working from home for such a long time and in the middle of saying good bye to many dear colleagues who move to Organon  and whom I will not be able to personally say goodbye.
Culture of coercion and threat in teams like Global Mobility to get others to align with them or else 'we will escalate' without understanding the context of the situation or having the courage to speak to the business of their recommendation. Mindset of 'this is what global team says hence we can't do xxx' without understanding if the solution meets the business needs or the local employment regulations. Cutting headcount (when the business teams are already lean) instead of looking to reduce cost in business processes or investing in technologies to streamline processes or boost productivity.
age discrimination, that the company stops paying pension installments when I turned 65. By that the company "saves money" on me despite I am doing the same work as I did before turning 65, whereas I loose important pension for the future.
Personal issues: Find relationship, other objectives.
work-life balance
work life balance (towards work)
Transformation and transition to new role which is yet to be defined.
Working from home for me makes it possible to meet goals on a regular basis and at the same time manage my private and healthy life in a good way
work life balance
Lack of work life balance.  Inability to disconnect from 24/7 operations and responsibilities.
Work Life balance
Cost cuttings may be needed, but too rigorously may harm as well
Continuing to have the opportunity to work from home even after Covid restrictions are lifted is of utmost importance to me and my colleagues.
Work-life balance/ Feeling free to disconnect
Career advancement  is another concern.
Fair compensation / salary versus other equivalent companies in the local area.
Stress management while continually being challenged to reduce
Merck seems to be straying from our Vision as a healthcare company.
Feeling engaged and valued in my work with opportunity for development
Work/Life balance and managing my current workload
BURN-OUT and significant languishing, work-life balance (literally "living at work")
Merck is not positioned well for the future and has become so distracted with peripheral issues that it has lost its focus on the job at hand.
My main concern is getting the extra personnel our department needs to do the job.  The approval of new people  takes so long.  I am retiring in one year and would like that my replacement is here within 6 months of my departure to assure a good transition.  It does not look that it will happen.  We have a franchise run by a contractor that which contract will end in less than a year and that person has not been offered a permanent job; when she has proven to be the right person for it.
Stay healthy on mental health and stress management
Work/Life balance and COVID-19 pandemic
The culture Merck Oncology is creating is unhealthy.  We are being forced to think a certain way, talk a certain way, walk a certain way, and when you don’t agree with this way, you are silenced and not heard
Management does not promote on what the job description says. They say the meaning is different than what it says. The director of the area I applied put his stake in the ground and is not moving it. I think he does not follow Merck policy of hiring. This position is not in the business unit I work in but   on the same site west point.
Working wit burned-out workers under inexperienced, immature management
I honestly do not have much stress now.  I am able to manage both my home and work efficiently.  I feel accomplished and successful in my position since the burden of the commute has been relieved.  (the time back from the commute allows me to help with my father's cancer treatments and my mother's appointments; my mother does not drive.  My parents are elderly).
I don’t feel that pay increases are keeping up with how the prices of groceries and other staples are rising.  We all have less disposable income now due to this.
Toxic colleagues.  Inadequately trained management.  And the reality that Merck is a microcosm of larger societal inequities.
Maintaining full time work from home. Would like to see this as an option for everyone indefinitely.
The decline of morals, values, faith and family in our society.  Our nation has snubbed its nose at God and now we embrace and accept practices that go against his word.  We will pay for that as a nation and it has already begun.
We need to value the ag sector and communicate it's importance to staff and general public
Salary not competitive
This is my first job that requires electronic BR's, validation execution activities, and log books. I've gone through NEO however there was no training for this type activity. Most of my co-workers are computer savvy, I am not.
Alignment of the company overall strategic initiatives, and the direct Portfolio actions we subsequently commit to.  It's not a matter of just resources, but alignment of prioritization and the implications of that as this cascades throughout the organization.  At times, priorities do not appear align
Developmental roles and how they impact performance reviews.  Although I have been in my current HR role for more than 10 years, I was told during my performance review that because I had accepted a Developmental role for the past year (one that is much more demanding than my current HR role), I would be ineligible for a rating higher than "successful".  This does not seem fair.  My HR role determines my salary and title and it seems to be fair, should also determine "performance".  In hindsight, this should have been communicated to me at the time developmental role was offered.
work-life balance
Combo -  The opportunity is now to turn the tide on both racial injustice and pandemic politics.  My concern it that we need to really put the actions that demonstrate our commitment to our staff.  I'd like to see more activities with staff to make the change (supplementing training and messaging).
Transparency
Work life balance
Being effective and valued as a leader and manager.
Work/Life Balance
work life balance
The company has gone overboard with D&Iw
i am concerned that the management brings politics into the company and only one side of voice being heard
Career growth
Work/life balance and burnout
I'm concerned that our CEO is speaking about political concepts that are his opinion and don't reflect the opinion of the workforce at Merck nor the shareholders.  I'm happy for him to speak on behalf of the shareholders and employees on topics that directly impact our business from a legislative perspective.  Corporations shouldn't comment on political topics as it will alienate some in their workforce and some shareholders
Work/life balance
I am concerned about the financial stability of the company given the pandemic and the recent loss of our potential COVID treatment loss and the partnership of J and J with coproduction of vaccine and that the confidence in that vaccine is so low  yielding a decreased demand.
Tough to only choose 3 as remote learning and work along with trying to stay safe and healthy are also on my mind.  In addition to trying to balance everything that needs to be done in order to ensure the successful spin off of Organon.
I'm also concerned about remote work going away. I enjoy remote working as it helps with work/family balance and I know many feel the same. My concern comes from if it's mandated to return to the site, there will be conflict because employees have demonstrated that their work does not need to be done on site and these are the people that will seek employment opportunities at competing companies in the area.
work/life balance. we are continuing to be forced to do more with less resources; and with increasing legal/compliance restrictions
COVID
job satisfaction - i am worried that covid could bring changes to the way my job is done which could result in less satisfaction with my job
Work/Lift balance (lack of) and associated burn-out
work life balance
Mental health
Equality in Pay for Male to Female counterparts.  Upon request and/or volunteering to handle on behalf of departments, females successfully assume more responsibility in each role.  In some instances, base pay appears considerably less than male predecessors/counterparts.
I'm very supportive and glad that we as a company provide resources for the D&I initiative, but have concerns of D&I being a check-box item from some leadership.
Hello, I would like to comment on the health insurance/medication coverage provided by Merck, for your attention and kind consideration. It was surprising to see there is only one option of a health insurance offered in the US, basically creating a monopoly for this company, offering not very good coverage. I recently had a health issue requiring treatment and was very surprised by the fees I was charged, as compared to my previous company (I joined Merck 5 months ago). There we had 4 insurance companies options, with various coverage offers. I had Horizon BCBS PPO (same as Merck is providing) however, the coverage was much better. For example, in my previous company, I never had to pay for an MRI, at Merck I was charged with a relatively high fee. The medication insurance is also the same as I had at my previous company (Express script) however, my chronic medication were fully covered there, but at Merck I was charged - these payments add up when payed on an ongoing basis. Thank you
stress levels and workload
Balancing it all. Merck does a great job of giving me access to resources to balance things, but MORE TIME is really what I need.  So I’m using the resources to figure out how to carve out more time to do all the leg-work that enhanced customer interactions require, meet metrics, maintain administrative tasks, pursue career development, and not miss what’s going on at home. It is manageable, but it is a big concern.
My relocation process has been very stressful
work life balance. reducing mental stress
Work/life balance
Aligns with staying healthy.  The turn over rate within the department has increased significantly.  The distribution of work is a hurdle due to turnover.  Definitely leaning into discomfort when tackling new projects due to the quick turnaround expectations.  Multiple personnel and management have recently left that had years of knowledge and experience.  Retention is a true concern.  The future of the department with the current turnover rate which continues to increase is concerning.
Timely completion of my projects
My work life balance is of most importance. With New Ways of Working, my job satisfaction is higher because I can manage my territory in the best way possible with positive results semester after semester.  My concern is that with the current news environment, our company is blurring the lines between personal and business.  In order for the company to move forward and be successful, we have to be able to speak up. We are too afraid to speak up now because of cancel culture. We are going so far away from being filled with grace and forgiveness/asking us to try new things because if we try and fail, we will be “canceled”.
reverse racial and sexist injustice continuing
Financial growth
Healthcare is extremely important. It is a shame that the higher you are in the company the better the healthcare benefits. It should be the other way, the less money you make the better the healthcare benefits from Merck should be. If you are part of this company for more than 10 years and are 55 yrs your healthcare should be cover completely and if you retire by 60 yrs healthcare should be cover until 65 yrs by the company. Then Medicare takes over and you pay the cost to the government. For a company that pays its CEO and all the SVPs, VPs, executive directors, directors... and incredible amount of money and not be able to cover the scientist or workers that due all the work is appalling! The discrepancy in salaries/benefits is almost criminal!
Voting restrictions in the country that will make our country weaker.  Republicans who want to stay in power by weakening the majority minority civil rights, voting rights and other rights in general.
Merck's Capital Project delivery process needs to do a better job of balancing quick reaction time/constant innovation against holding third party partners accountable for their deliverables against budget and schedule
Work/life balance.  No end to work day.  Managing amount of meetings and also getting work done and allowing for "thinking" time
Other - feeling a sense of connection
COVID-19 and Global Impact on Health and Economy
In terms of work, I feel that specially this year internal processes are taking too long. We are spending a lot of time in approvals, waiting times, etc. This concerns me a lot because we have a plan that with specific dates that we need to accomplish to be successful, however I'm starting to see that this is not going to be possible due to the long administrative processes that we have.
Work-Life balance
My observation that each member of our department has more work than can be handled by the personnel available and has affected work-life balance. When multiple aspects of our current ways of working are also changed concurrently, it causes disruption and focus shift that also consumes time. The timelines for all the changes/projects to get implemented are also aggressive and numerous.
The obstacles to engaging customers
My lack of capacity to complete all my assigned tasks to the high standards needed.
Concern about Merck's competitive position and growth prospects Concern that our CEO makes political statements which I do not agree with
The Keytruda patent expiration clock is ticking loudly.
We need more resources yet due to a report, not the comments of the managers, 30 people were let go and it further strains our resources, increases our stress and ensures we continue to look for other positions. This amount of work and stress in not sustainable and without support, our efforts don't seem to mean anything.
Work-life balance.
Uneven workload, some people seem to work a couple hours a day while others get stuck with over 8 or 9 hours and management rewards the ones who are always available due to not being busy
Would like an update on the pipeline
the direction of our subsidiary
Increased demands to do more work but not enough people. Work/life balance - mental health due to work and life stressors. Too many meetings.
Concerned of the individuals being chosen to "lead" this company into the future.
Equity in pay for minorities and women.
diversity and inclusion
work life balance
A major concern is not knowing how Merck will approach employees returning to the office. I've been 100% remote since the pandemic started (March 2020). The arrangement has allowed me to be productive while also having opportunities for family time. This is in spite of increased workload. My concern is maintaining the same degree of productivity if expected to return to the office on a regular basis. I hear that Merck senior leadership is reconsidering remote options; however, they have stated publicly that they are not fans. The thought of another major change and potential impact on my family is concerning.
Recently the division at work has become uncomfortable.  As a team we used to respectfully be able to discuss current events.  However, comments like COVID is no worse than the flu, masks and lockdowns don't work, there is no racism against black people, the governor of Michigan can't keep us from seeing our families at Thanksgiving (the person who said this does not live in Michigan and neither does his family-she is just a regular punching bag for half my team), 90% of immigrants are 25 year old men bringing drugs, global warming is not real".  Also comments on snowflakes, cancel culture, and references to libtards or liberals being evil.  About half the people on my team, those of us with moderate or liberal views have decided to just keep quiet because the reactions from the other half including manager is uncomfortable. Just asking someone on my team if he was vaccinated yet set off an uncomfortable exchange about his freedom.  To be clear, this is NOT an issue with "leadership".
Merck needs to ensure that their  corporate political involvement , communications and engagements represents the entire company, not just conservative or liberal causes. Isolating or offending one, is just as bad as the other. Minimize political activism, and concentrate of Discovery, Manufacture and Sales of drugs and vaccines that help people.
Not having the needed resources (time, funds, people) to do a good  and thorough job . In the absence of appropriate resources, we are not being set up for success in our jobs!
Too many reps and managers in Oncology
Voicing my opinion to suggest a flaw in current understanding and improvise. Working with site wide DM advocate has become a one way street (they want to tell but do not want to listen)
managing in a remote work environment efficiently including addressing team member's needs (overall managerial tools)
Other - Future development
Unreasonable workload with no constructive solution from senior management.  Constructive solutions proposed are ignored.  While management claims work life balance is important, there are no boundaries when it comes to vacation time -- being asked to call into meetings while on vacation and having others call during non-work hours (or just a general lack of understanding that there should be non-work hours).  Instead of addressing issues within the department, staff is blocked from moving, leaving the only option to leave Merck if unhappy.
PROMOTION, INSPIRE, recognition is not done in my department.  The head of my group has given ZERO Inspire points.  I do not feel valued.
Employment prospects / stability for my children Global political stability
Environmental Concerns (Air quality; Water quality; Access to these by all)
RAT TOOL
I believe the lack of face to face meetings has a negative impact on our business and we need to make larger strides in "opening back up" to allow travel and in person meetings/conferences.
Helping others that are less fortunate
I feel the recent company decision to halt COVID related studies is a sign of deeper misalignment among those now in management of how to proceed.  In addition , the timing of senior company management departures with the study stops, is also a sign of misalignment.  It seems those contributing to the COVID investment decisions have exited Merck and those remaining will not face the consequences.
The workload is very high and I have difficulties setting priorities and getting the work done.
Career Progression
Other - Ability to turn off work when not working (off hours or when taking vacation day)
Most concerned about the future of work at Merck and whether remote work will become the norm. I appreciate the flexibility to work remotely when needed but I prefer to be in the office. Constant remote work makes it difficult to separate work and personal time.
Health and well-being of family members
Too much work load - not enough help.
The ability of the Animal Health industry to change and adapt, while controlling their core business.  Companies will have to provide new services that protect their core business.  The ones that do this quickly with educated, calculated decisions will be the leaders, and the others will be purchased and absorbed or go by the wayside.
Work life balance Promotion
being able to maintain the flexible work life balance after the pandemic continues.
Merck needs to get into the mRNA business.  We ARE a vaccines company, or at least I thought so.   If we don't, I have fears that we will not be Merck in a few years.
I feel at times that it is inappropriate for the leadership to post comments on the Edge homepage regarding the political situation in the US. I understand the concern the leadership has as for current events, as do all Americans, but I feel that the the articles and comments represent the views of one side of the political spectrum. I feel political viewpoints should be left out of the workplace, (as well as sports), from all sides of the political spectrum.
Work compensation/promotion
I think the choice restricted to 3 subjects is a real limit. Almost all these items are important to me
Obtaining healthy work life balance, as no priorities or timelines have changed for Merck, regardless of the Pandemic induced personal stress.
I have much extra work due to slow systems performance. It's critical for finance to have power excel, but unfortunately, it often stops working w/o files recovery, that hurts me.
Climate change
Work life balance lines continue to be blurred with working from home full time.  Keeping up with increasing work load and project timelines is very challenging especially since we have seen attrition in our department and there is no guarantee of back filling positions.
West Point has a massive backlog of product awaiting release to market, which is unlikely to be resolved in 2021.  It's taking longer than ever before to release our material and resolve the many issues surrounding these batches. Without an increase in headcount to help address these problems, our backlog will only increase.
Work life balance
Family in other countries with no access to the COVID-19 vaccines
Wellbeing of my local team and immediate department
The well-being of my team.  I notice resilience continues to be very low & stress very high despite easing of the pandemic crisis.  I observe a fair amount of burnout from the last year and in many cases the stressful situations have not significantly abated.
Financial security/health care costs in retirement
Constant change in procedures and processes. It is extremely difficult to keep up with the constant change.
Growth on the job.
Work/Life Balance
Real support when you really need it
Balancing home life and working off shifts
balancing work load
too many unnecessary safety protocols
The possibility and ability to be reunited with my fiance ASAP
I am concerned that new leadership seems to place less value on the "how" people do things, more so on the "what".  Places a low value on people-focused leaders. Ways of working are in danger of going down the toilet.
Lack of work life balance - under resourced for current workload - leading to stress, anxiety and being overwhelmed.
Job promotion
There is nothing that I am concerned with this is one of the best companies to work for in Pharma or anywhere in the world, Merck is simply amazing.
The liberty and confidence to execute any plans without backlash due to sudden change in policy and scrutinization for unnecessary administrative tasks
We are an extremely large organisation. My concern is how can the company be faster in all areas despite our size.
Fair opportunity
Future prospect of division
Clear local guidelines which are in consensus with global.
governance compliance risk self development
The company's long-term (10-year) vision and strategy , especially beyond Keytruda.
Moving from 3rd shift to days!
in the coming weeks i will become a parent, so the work/ life balance is shifting and i am still recovering fro m covid-19. these 2 things made it really hard to manage a good balance as reintegration had to be combined with the preparations of becoming a parent.
The current CLT needs to respond to market vibes and act accordingly. We are not a market shaping company at the moment in Chronic Care segment to dictate terms and deny participation in their medical education events. Kindly support   Veeva Engage software is not giving the basic data/reports on customer reach and coverage as needed by the field force. Pls have a look into it.
Pandemic made us panic ,get in touch with HCPs more difficult ,seeking guidance to make our life simple so that we can be focused on our targets
I am not in agreement with the constant barrage of new systems at the brinny Site. E-logs , comet and now EBR. I feel our job has become far too complex and I strongly think it has made the workplace a very stressful unpleasant environment to work in.In fact None of the new changes will increase Production .I feel that for example pas -x of a transfer set is a waste of company and individual time.i think a box of transfer sets has around 25 pieces.so one box now represents 25 individual pas-x transactions absorbing hours of valuable time. also we are now inputing and printing Su and Icl labels or all of the recieved material from the warehouse , performing warehouse work.
- Medical Insurance (mainly outpatient) didn't have enough coverage for dependents.
If we need to grow we need new brands and both can be successful.
Every Month getting words of Loosing my job if not achieve targets. Achieving targets are becoming challenging due to outside circumstances
economis crisis effects
I feel the good company work
Housing
Strength and performance of the company, and how that reflects in total compensation
Work/Life Balance and Stress Management
Traveling for work when digital resources should be used to take the place in many instances.
professional development/career growth
Interested to know if some new products are going to launch in CVM division in MSD India...?
Financial security
Balancing a large site-wide project and handling my normal work load, at a small site with limited resources
Balancing between work and private. I would like to work 50/50 at home and at work in the future.
Not staying up to date with technologies in the software community. Merck can feel boring to work at because it's practices feel archaic.
inflation
The constant racial injustice democrat talking points bantered by Co. managers is sickening.  This is a business, a place of science and discovery, we don't need to be bombarded by Ken Frazier's uninformed social justice parade day in and day out.  Leave the politics out.  You are alienating half the company's employees - I speak for MANY who are too scared to say anything.
Recent performance of the Merck Stock
Please stay out to Politics in every way.  When leadership makes a comment on one political side or another, half the company will walk away upset.  Better to just stay out of it.
The greatest challenge to me is transparency from our technical teams.  Key information needed for decision making is hidden, withheld or mischaracterized and attempts to understand the full story is met with bullying and intimidation. By the time we understand the full story it is often too late to mitigate potential damage.
Being able to firmly define my strengths within the group/company, discovering what career path intrigues me the most within the company, and being able to contribute to the department in significant ways.
Salud emocional / Emotional health
personal development/ growth opportunities
Online Pharmacies and Discount Chain  stores are the major pain points for field team , Despite generating Rxn if the team doesn't get sales credit , impact the performance.  These Pharmacies buy in different locations and if not addressed, this lead to unethical practices and also will loose talent.
For other; development challenges with organization changes.
Work life balance does not exist at Merck. We are always being challenged to work more every year!
Work-life balance
I come to work to get away from social injustice not to discuss it on numerous calls and made to feel guilty if you don’t call and text every ethnic employee when something happens in the news. No one helps me when I have disagreement at home with my spouse, why should we have to come to work and take on more stress. Trust that people are doing their part in their communities. What ever happened to not discussion politics and religion at work. The pressure to get the vaccine from management is unprofessional and  violates the rights of the reps
This is not about COVID-19 but me progressing on reumatics.
I feel like Merck has been very flexible with work and child care balancing during shut down but now that we are opening up but my kids school isn't back to full time I am feeling anxiety about everything.  I also do not like how political Merck has been, I feel very irritated by all the social justice emails and trainings.  it is very condescending and one sided- we get enough of it from social media and being from a law enforcement family I feel very insulted by a lot of Merck's communication.  I feel it is inappropriate for the workplace especially from leadership.
Retirement and associated benefits (pension and health benefits)
Being able to sustain high workload long term and how that is impacting my family.
I think corporations should be careful when commenting on current events and taking sides that are very highly charged especially when all the facts are not in.
Ability for a flexible remote working arrangement.  Additionally sustained work/life balance with remote work on both the positive and the negative side.  From a positive standpoint, remote offers inherent flexibility and efficiency, but in this high remote and pandemic environment, work/life balance seems to suffer more (meetings called at all hours and continuous throughout the day with time only to catch up in the evenings)
My biggest concern is for the safety of my family and specifically for my teenage son and all children's wellbeing.  The violence in the news today really concerns me.
There's a lot of new processes being put in place which I feel gets too confusing and I am not able to stay on top of things to deliver quality work. I set a high standard on what I do but the work load and expectations seems to be a lot more than the time of the day to produce quality work. It's been a bit challenging to balance family life and work since I joined Merck.
I am concerning about going back to a physical work environment while there are still variations of COVID-19 developing.
Other: Fair treatment - concern over reverse discrimination due to forced initiatives such as "hiring externally" which has discriminated against well-qualified internal candidates; and new "Diversity & Inclusion" objective which potentially will result in non-culturally-different employee not being given that opportunity for mentorship, etc (just to fulfill a metric).
Professional Development
I have concerns about the expectations on returning to office, with uncertainty over what that looks like.
Mental health
Work / life balance. Being remote allows great flexibility but also find more often than not, working through lunch and late nights.
Supporting my team and department.
Other - Ability to connect with coworkers to establish effective professional relationships
Lack of autonomy given
Welfare of others
seems like we're on the way to layoffs as positions are not being backfilled when people leave
Helping to lead/define a successful future for Merck given the changes introduced by the pandemic.
Personal safety based on being harassed by employee at work (destruction of property).  Also, management not sharing that (2) cleaning employees that support my work space, were infected with COVID.
Politics in the workplace.
Work-life balance
Merck pipeline is weak Merck Leadership - more active steps need to be taken to exit leaders who have risen beyond their capabilities.
Equitable pay and opportunity
Feeling a sense of belonging as an African American male in a predominantly white work site.
Continue Business responsibilities and safety.
Career development, pay, and benefits.
The work load in our department and on call schedule. Need more staff and on call needs to be cleaned up do to all the alarms and calls received when on call. SAFTEY ISSUE
Work-life balance
That the right people get the right promotions
Sexual orientation.
Work Life balance
I'm concerned with Racial Injustice and Politics and the future of our company, and country, but not in the way that Management thinks. Lately, Merck wants to follow the "trends" that have become so-called issues. We have trainings on racial equity that can make anyone feel like they are an offender and oppressor. We are to be one Merck, yet walk into B-275 and we see banners for groups within Merck that are dedicated to different races and ideologies. Then there is the political side. We are told not to have political items inside the plant, and that we should not even have them on our personal vehicles. Yet a year ago, it was fine for our CEO to email all of us to tell us how to vote. The inside of Merck is becoming like the outside world, hellbent on pushing a narrative and staying inline with social politics. None of these items are issue inside the plant, until management made them issues. I thought we are here to make medicine for everyone, regardless of race and social trends?
appropiate training resources to complete my training
the complexity of the work we do. the tendency to make things more complicated than they need to be. the churn of the complex and nuanced work we do.
Work/Life Balance.  I am not able to complete my work requirements within a fair day's work.
work life balance
lot of health issues creeping in working from home, with gyms and pools being locked down due to covid mostly.
I see myself remaining at MSD for many years, but Job Security remains a concern because of the 'headwinds' and budget shortfalls we have coming up. I feel we sometimes make snap decisions when we need to cut budget, and I feel anxious about my role when those discussions are happening.
Better if management involve the resources in more ways so that we dont feel isolated.
Being unconsciously offensive to customers due to the digital KPI. For example extremely high VE target in Q1 2021.
Staying healthy not just due to covid-19, but due to the stress and challenge of over-work causing physical and emotional stress
Since my husband and I live in a different country than our parents, we are concerned that we have not seen them in person for a long time.
Work/life balance, management of stress (caused by work)
Balancing work and personal life (e.g. evening/night calls)
Managing my own energy levels and world Climate change
Balance with the opportunity to work at home during COVID has shifted: Balanced home vs work is better! I am concerned that, when restrictions will be lowered, working from home will not be implemented in the standard way of working at QA. This would be a great miss in my opinion because it provides a healthier work/private balance to me. And extra because I accepted a job for which I have to work 1 day a week more (4 days instead of 3) and this would really help to have it better balanced.
work/life balance
Career Pathway
Work Life Balance - feels like it is not a priority for Merck.
HR support is not bad
Work/life balance.
mental health
Concerned with how Merck plans to role back out after the pandemic is over. There will be an adjustment period after the WFH policy has finished. In addition, concerns around work/life balance. Since WFH was rolled out, there has been a flux of people that are constantly working or one's that are taking advantage of the working from home. This has added much pressure to those that are working round the clock.
The death of ethics and redefining of morality in the world and the USA.
Ethics of top Leadership in regard to political involvement and race relationships using less than credible sources of information. I feel that they are accepting and acting upon information that will make Merck a less respected company. Following the science means following the real data and not group think of powerful personalities. Real science only changes when theories are proven to be true over a long period of time using accurate information.
Disappointed with managerial behaviour
Working outside of home ,with Covid 19 has been one of the most challenging parts of the past year.There is always a concern for your own family but I had a big concern for the people I was working with too. You are always fearful that you will impact those. I remember many a day when there was a real feeling of fear in our group. That said ,I think the company has done a very good job  in helping to keep people safe and were very much at the front when the pandemic began. MSD had begun to address the segregation of people (in order to keep them safe) ,canteen facilities etc. before a lot of other companies had.
getting the right level of attention to progress here is difficult.
As stated above, I am struggling to deal with the ongoing (and seemingly never-ending stress of WFH all the time.  Merck leadership needs to stop accepting this as the ?new normal" since there is nothing normal about an entire workforce never coming together in person to share ideas, collaborate and socialize. I also wish Merck would stay out of politics and refrain from making statements about every event and movement in the media.   Speak out against the fear surrounding the virus and encourage vaccination and get people back to work in person.
Family Life.
Future of Merck, ability to innovate beyond KEYTRUDA and making bolder BD deals at scale to compensate for KEYTRUDA LoE
I feel like I have too much work on my plate. I'm barely keeping up with the need-to-do's of my job. and that leaves no room for me to work on my want-to-do's that I think would improve my work or department. I think a lot of people have 100% of their time accounted for with their work tasks. This leaves no time or energy to pursue new innovations or ideas. It seems counter intuitive, but I think the "assigned" work give to people should account for less than 100% of their time so they have the freedom to pursue innovations that are ignored because no one has time to work on them.
I have no concerns at this moment. I am working safely from home and I have been provided with all the work resources needed to do my job. Thank you!
Salary that is appropriate for a senior Engineer in the Research Triangle Park area.
Work/life balance
When compared to other pharmaceutical companies in Singapore, MSD is not considered a good place to work.  The salary is not on par to our counterparts.  Also there is very little opportunity for promotion.  I think MSD is very superficial and this is sad.  On paper we encourage equal opportunity and strongly condemn discrimination against coloured skin but in actual fact, it is not difficult to spot the real occurrences are revealing otherwise.  You do not need to be very smart but observant to learn this cruel reality.
At my little itty bitty site (only 125 people), I am concerned about our future before we transition to our new building.  We have so many issues and our people are losing their hope and their commitment to our product
silos across company; future of drug pricing in US
I am most concerned with leadership. New managers/supervisors are unprepared or uneducated on the vaccine development process leading to slowing the process or results for programs. I witnessed various errors throughout the last couple of years. Managers/supervisors seem most concerned with climbing the ladder. There is an excess of mandatory meetings/symposiums/teams leading to lab-scientists needing to run experiments while attending a meeting simultaneously.
Despite having all the necessary IT tools and the support of direct managers, the time resource in relation to the increase in activities as a result of the changes resulting from the current situation is insufficient, he should dedicate 12 hours a day to the detriment of my quality of life.
Work Life Balance and the ability to work remotely some part of the week.
short handed and have been for about 4-5 years.  Lots of wasted time from employees playing on ipads and using ipads for non work related time.
I am currently working through a separation from my wife. The rise in property values is going to make it difficult to live close to my children. Renting for a year, waiting for the divorce to complete has eroded my ability to provide a home for my children when they visit. Systems for establishing child support do not account for these costs.  Out side of the grass roots efforts that promote legislation that helps Merck, I dont feel politics and social justice should be active at work. leave "facebook" at home.
It seems we have become a more polarized nation. We don’t have to agree about every aspect of every issue in our lives. We don’t have to vote for the same candidates to be champions for each other. We should see disagreement as an opportunity for learning and growth.
Concerned about returning to work when the pandemic is over.  Would like to continue to work from home permanently.  Eliminating the commute to work allows for flexibility in balancing work hours and school drop offs/other activities for children.
I need to be very careful not to express any opinions that may not conform with the current company thinking.
Our border is out of control and there will be unintended consequences throughout the country. We should help our own veterans, homeless people and people who struggle with concerns about where their next meal will come from before we help people who come here illegally.
I believe, at least at Merck, employees are measured on their ability and character rather than the color or their skin, religious beliefs, or whatever makes them different. All of us were hired because we are talented individuals. My biggest concern is external to Merck. I think, particularly in politics currently, positions are appointed because of the color or their skin, religious beliefs, or whatever makes them different and NOT necessarily on their ability or character. I am fearful and saddened by the way good honest police officers are treated because of the actions of a few. The media twists and turns stories so they can profit which breeds hatred and it breaks my heart. I feel powerless in that fight.
Inflation brought on by our governments reckless borrowing and spending. Also increased taxes which are more than likely going to effect everyone not just the rich
My lack of work life balance is taking a toll on my physical health, my mental health, my work life and my home life.
While the company is investing in digital tools, there is lack of true/ guided training on how to use them, which usually requires the user to spend time in searching on how to correctly use them. Some systems, due to complexity, should have a step-by-step guide, as most of those systems are not user friendly.
I want to have a positive impact and make a difference for human health.  When people are assigned to low POS projects or redundant projects or projects that seem more about getting promotions for other people than actually having a positive impact to patients, that bothers me.  Some people seem very willing to commit resources including the careers of other people.  I realize this is needed for a company but having projects fail is incredibly wasteful and we should maximize POS and minimize loss to failed projects, killing them as soon as the data suggest it is the right course.
The equipment here is straight up garbage.  Half of everything is broken and the other half doesn't work.
Ability of the company to replace revenue starting in 2028
Embracing Transparency
I admire our upper management for having the willingness to address current social issues, even if the position taken by the company can affect somehow our business considering how divided the country is right now.
mental health
Managers barely have training when they start and we are currently understaffed. We should have more managers or better trained managers than we do with the daily workload we have and to support continuous improvement projects.
I have a wife and young daughter at home. They are my highest priority and it is uneasy to not know what each day will bring at work. I am not sure what will happen to my company in the future. We were part of an acquisition and we are so small compared to Merck that I wonder if one day we will be written off the books because it doesn't make "financial sense" to keep us around any longer. We live in an area where the cost of living is rising much faster than my pay band can keep up with. When I have asked what I can do to move up and grow, I am left with no answer. My biggest concern is providing the best life that I can for my little family, most days it feels like that is always going to be out of my reach if I stay here.
Our current practice of reallocating a large number of current, highly skilled, and highly trained employees to new products is having a negative impact on our ability to meet the profit plan for our legacy products at our site.
Ability to work remotely
work-life balance
work life balance
Alignment on priorities across the MSDC organization.  Way to many for a team to focus on
Cannot comment on current Manager as I have only been working for him for approximately 1 month.
Senior Leadership not walking in the shoes of their people
I’m worried about this great company being handcuffed by the compliance people who don’t know anything about what we do.  I’m worried about this great company being run by people that have zero common sense.  I’m worried that we will not be the premier oncology company because so many of our fantastic colleagues are leaving because they feel (as do the rest of us) that we are handcuffed in what we can and cannot do.  It is frustrating!!!
Just want to be able to do my job without restrictions. Would also be good to know what the future holds within Sales division as far as Oncology’s future planing with products and any plans to reshape the division. Tell us the divisions 5 year plan and where the company plans to be.
Adjusting to getting back out in the field post- Covid
Concerned on disparity of workload when comparing roles across different areas of the company
Family/child care, being able to meet job expectations, and professional growth are the major topics of concern for me.  This is an important combination with far reaching life implications.
Work/life balance
I would like an opportunity to gain additional job skills and get promoted to make more money. Salaries are capped. New job opportunities are very limited. I strive to increase sales to generate a greater bonus but then objectives are raised even higher. Our raises should be added to our base salaries. Our uppermost management does not face these salary restrictions. Can we get stock options if we can’t be promoted?
With so many Representative and CTL vacancies across the country, I have been covering 2 geographies and 2 vacancies since September with multiple products and tumor types.  It is becoming progressively more exhausting and the realization is setting in that this model is not sustainable.  There has been no communication from senior leadership and additional colleagues continue to leave the organization for other opportunities as a result.
role to work in future
To be able to be well versed in my current job.
work and life balance
Career progression, Compensation
Mental health
Leadership, from the CEO to directors, thinking or believing people under them share their thoughts / believes in what they consider "social and or racial injustice" in the US. They may try to consider what other perceptions there are of the same incidents out there. Not everyone support the BLM movement since many believes it's hypocritical and based on a fake narrative. When has there EVER been a BLM march for a TRULY innocent black child murdered by another black person? Name one. Not everyone believes G. Flyod was a victim. Perhaps leadership should convey the importance of personal responsibilities instead of playing the victim card and ignoring the actions of criminals. Perhaps leadership should consider not everyone is a mindless or misguided lemming.
Workload with tight timelines
Career progression/growth
I am attempting to transfer, New Management in Building has created an environment that is toxic for my home life. I feel like my transition to a new role is being actively blocked by senior management.
How to work from home with good health and good work?Fac
Compliance processes that are not clear or understood by all parties.
Career Progression opportunities
Societal trend back to paganism
Cash Flow
My Growth in the organisation
My Carreer
I don't know where the company is going too, we are far from lean principles. There are many people on extra created positions, this doesn't help to make fast choices.
Work load and related mental stress for myself and co-workers
Work life balance
as a developer I don't have the best tools and environments to work freely and with high performance
Make impact.
It is hard to develop my skills at MSD since I believe empowerment is very low at the local management level, comparing to previous years.
Mental Health
There is a new Management team at MSD Israel.   There are always concerns when high level positions are replaced by new people.
opportunities to develop myself at the workplace and my future at the company
monthly income
No concerns currently - feeling well supported at work - even in the face of  COVID impact.
Networking with people similar to my position.
PARVENIR  A TOUT MENER DE FRONT ET QUE TOUT ROULE
My career
1. the stress of the amount of work and the fact that the team is to small.  2.the coach is not tranparant enough gives me  stress.and the feeling that our objectif is not important enough ( we need more people and positive guidance)
Work life balance at home office. Its always something that could be done and at the home office its harder to draw a line between work and personal life. During "normal" times I dont find this challenging, but during Covid and lockdown I am always home and work is very available. I dont have space for a home office as I am living in an apartment so my home office is in the living room where I also spend my time off.
A huge number of documents, different systems, regulations that are often incompatible and labor-intensives.
COVID
I am very happy that there is an open attitude about the religious background of people and their motivation by management. In EU it is not common to be religious, but my manager provided me contacts in US and EU to share my belief.. I feel a more complete person now in MSD!
The lack of resource in my team means that we are not able to fully deliver on our objectives
Lack of "we" attitude; Roles and responsibilities between associates/ managers are not very clear; Delegation of task by superiors; Continuous and un-necessary follow-ups; Lack of motivation, inspiration, awards.
when will the office reopen
Feeling isolated as working from home
Keeping up to date and on top of work priorities
Work / Like Balance
Financial worries
With the spin-off of Organon (The ratio of employees moved to the products moved does not have a 1:1 correlation), the recent failures in the acquired pipelines, the drop in the share price a loss of jobs is imminent.
Lack of welfares for MSD staff such as free gifts, discounts, attractions, family days, dinner and dance.
I am generally very satisfied with my position and the job that our local leadership team is doing as building a new research institute from the ground up is very challenging! However, I do have some concern that the process surrounding decisions made about what projects and employees are prioritized could be more transparent than it is, and that a wider range of opinions could be considered when making some of these decisions rather than the 'top-down' approach currently used.
Competency, Capabilities, Work Ethic, Culture
Work/Life balance. I do not feel union really does anything in which my dues go towards. The particular department I work in has high-turnover and nothing is done to alleviate OT and time away from our families.
I would like to get further update about the future organization in our NWA cluster after the spin off and the Business strategy in Morocco. Thank you.
I'm concerned about health freedom. I hope people will continue to have a choice to vaccinate or not vaccinate.  I don't want to see vaccine passports being implemented, because that will take away people's freedoms and the tech companies will collect our personal data.
Room for growth in my current role.
Balancing work/ life time.
New Global Leadership Team who may feel they need to make big structural changes as part of their new role and the spin off between Merck and Organon seen as good opportunity to do this.
Paying for college
opportunities for advancement; being overlooked and under appreciated.
Vaccine for Covid not available and still waiting to have it
Upward Mobility
I need to go back with my regular work shift.
Diversity and inclusion especially LGBTQ related policy. There should be a global policy on this. Due to lack of this policy, some of LGBTQ colleagues left MSD
Opportunities for growth in the workplace
buying a house
I am most concerned about taking care of my mental health.
How to build in balance so I do not burn out
Again post from above.   MDG seems to have no accountability with months on getting a process for supplier registration to approve.  Sourcing has to chase them and even with continuous escalation it still takes months.  MDG should be chasing us not the other way around.  Please fix this issue.
My other concern is to achieve a balance between work and personal life, at this moment I think is not possible.
job stress and hours impact ability to prioritze health and well being.  Everyone says, take care of yourself, but the deadlines still have to be met
Relationship (both non-romantic and romantic) and marriage, which will give me much more wellness in the long term.
Career advancement opportunities. Advancement opportunities seem to be primarily in Oncology, and the Oncology side of the business seems siloed from other therapeutic areas. Employees in those other areas of the business seem not to be considered for opportunities within Oncology
Our working situation & management style of the leaders in our department. They lack empathy and care for our well being. Highly motivated employees are the most productive people in an organisation. “Take good care of your people and they will take good care of your business”  The managers from our department disregards our SAFETY. Regardless of the pandemic and surge of cases and hospitals reaching critical levels, they are pushing us to do face to face engagements even though most of us have comorbids and a family (elderly parents and children) to take care of and DESPITE having digital channels to engage our customers.
Getting Healthy
The tension in the office place can be cut with a knife and is being caused by new management.  I don't feel safe in saying something to upper management.  Not sure if I will continue to remain here.
Increasing taxes cutting into ability to save for college and other expenses.
Staying mentally* healthy. Thinking about work 24/7, while not at work, with everything else going on in the world, is not sustainable for me.
on-going evolving COVID-19 situation
Limited career progression opportunities
Honestly, making sure that my colleagues who have different circumstances feel supported. so many have children, elderly parents, etc.  We are all balancing the global pandemic, company split, etc.  Its more about ensuring comfort and resources, so we all can bring our best selves to work.
It seems like upper management do not pay attention to the constraints of the shopfloor level and demanded for ever increasing schedules of production but no added resources to ease the work load and instead keep adding more documentation to the shopfloor instead of leveraging on the existing systems which already have the basic capability. Example of such: DCS system already have all the archive trends of all the batches but we are still required to print all the trends to be attached to the batch sheet for the QA to review. They can easily get all the required information & data from the DCS system anytime they wish to. We are on one hand encouraging everyone in the company to be ECO friendly and yet we are printing so much, we are chopping down trees! Another example is the printing of audit trail report for every batch, it is the same as the previous example of wasting the effort of printing hardcopy unnecessarily whereby the system is there. Now even need to paginate on every page
Police Reform and impacts on my family as a law enforcement spouse.
Restrictions being placed  by Merck to access customers.
I have concerns with the low volume of new studies.  I would also like more feedback on my performance - I have meet with my manager 2 times since becoming a Merck employee.  Touch points are often cancelled 5 minutes before the scheduled meeting and never rescheduled
Dont really have any concerns at this point.
losing business to competitors due to our restrictions of how we are allowed to work in field sales
Workload/Compensation
myopic and parochial local and senior management management   a tragic disconnect between leadership and tactical management
I am concerned about the structure around the Oncology business unit and the large group of people trying to call on the same customers.  And, the fact that there are so many managers ‘touching’ the same geography and customers.  It continues to get harder and harder to collaborate and communicate in that environment when so many people with multiple directives from their leadership have to co-exist.
Quite confused and concerned about company's direction. Also, management does not approve folks working from different locations to make family life easy or resolve family situations. This is only being done for management which is not fair. If one thing COVID had done is show that when one loves their job, they can do it from anywhere.
1.  We don't have enough support personnel. 2.  My hope is with Dr. Royal's Leadership things get better.
Global supply chain issues for lab consumables (out of Merck's control)
1) Lack of opportunity for career growth 2) Manner in which important internal opportunities are given to selected few without opening it for all at site
My pay/bonus. This is what I'm here for. We were told that we had the greatest year ever in 2020 and yet our bonuses were half of what they were the year before. We shouldn't have to rely on another Merck facility on the other side of the world to determine if we deserve a good bonus or not! We worked hard in 2020, we worked through the "pandemic" side by side each other taking the chance of bringing covid home to our families and not even getting hazard pay for it! We were and still are considered essential workers.
Concern re: team morale and culture of execution in the face of pandemic fatigue.  We are missing personal connections and the ability to have some fun at work.
Business Transparency
Stuck at the same level with no career development, no reward for my high performance due to manager is concentrating on one particular individual for promotion at a time; therefore, put him on top titer year after year in hope of  getting him promoted, where all others who work very hard go no where.
As stated before, the self-inflicted barriers to the sales force being able to engage with our customers is concerning.  It is not feasible to compete in our competitive environment if we say we are limiting our interactions with top customers to 12/year.  What a gift to our competition!
Cancel culture, push to blame everything on race, virtue signaling.
Talent development Being able to speak my mind and challenge the status quo Removing politics from decision making Creating a culture of inclusion
A crisis of leadership.
Sibling's problems and other family problems, one related to severe covid illness.
As a white male, I no longer believe I have a fair and equitable chance at career advancement at Merck.  There is too much focus on promoting women and minorities, white males are at a significant disadvantage.
The future of the pharma industry as a whole
health care coverage in retirement as that is coming up.   I would appreciate a review and an update to the number of years required to be covered as right now I believe that to be 15.   As the landscape in health insurances is ever evolving why couldn't that be more like 5 years of continuous full time employment with age requirement (i.e. 60 and above with 5 years continuous employment)?
Management seems to implement things without consulting with the Subject Matter Experts, making it harder to get things right, and easier to get things wrong. Performance is being eroded.
New leadership at Merck; morale at work
Other: Managing stress in the current environment
I am exhausted by the workload Merck continues to pursue coupled with the difficulties in recruiting make this a very trying time.  Standard Oncology project plans that were adopted prior to COVID that accounted for 7-day work weeks continue to be utilized during these COVID circumstances and recruiting both at the full-time and contractor level is extremely difficult.  This situation makes it very difficult for managers to distribute the heavy project workloads in ways to help employees thru this difficult and challenging time.  Many people are anxious and overwhelmed.  I understand Merck is a business and everyone is committed to supporting this business - but I've not seen any practices implemented (project prioritization-evaluating critical versus nice to have, switches from 7-day business plans from 5-day business plans when possible, etc.)  to account for these very trying times.  Even small considerations can go a long way to help.
Personally i am concerned about the hostile political environment that Progressives and Democrats have created. Professionally, with Merck, I am equally concerned with our company's continued lurch left to support racial injustice and social issues. The only social issue we should be concerned with is delivering on our mission to bring the best medicines to all people. That does not require a consideration of social justice or race. We need to do our job and we should support limited a liberty and free enterprise environment so we can pursue and fulfill our mission.. Furthermore, i am concerned that "woke" culture is affecting the safe to speak culture that our company supposedly supports. I think it has been misplaced to address social justice on company business briefings, without also supporting our employees who have family members in law enforcement, who continue to be targets. As far as D&I goes, i am more interested in diversity of thought than race or ethnicity.
Keeping up and prioritizing all that is going on with work, programs, responsibilities while trying to understand and navigate customer engagement that is appropriate and meaningful to each customer in their respective circumstances. I appreciate the flexibility Merck has offered employees to help meet these challenges.
How humanity's relationship with the natural world is terribly flawed and will eventually lead to the end of our species.
Work/Life Balance
I am concerned the new open working environment will be less productive for me given my role. Being able to continue to work remotely would be better for me with coming into the office on occasion when in person collaboration is needed or desired.  Prior to the pandemic I spent most of my time on conference calls or in quite focused work.  So the pandemic restrictions did not have much of an impact on my interactions with others at Merck since most of them were virtual to begin with.  The time (and money) saved in commuting was put back into Merck and my family making me feel more productive and balanced in my life.   Working remotely was truly one of the best things I have ever experienced in my working career.
Finances.  Salaries are still lower than competitor companies, costs continue to increase.
The current continued WFH setting, without choice or end in sight is taking a significant toll on me.
Balance of different views (political or otherwise) throughout the company. The Company leans one way.
There is more workload than can be handled without significant overtime.  Our electronic systems in MMD are not fit for use with external partners (CMO's).
Job Growth and career advancement. How can i be of value to my teams?
Getting systems and tools that are time savers to efficiently complete my job
Pandemic related burn out feeling
Work life balance. Working from home has removed natural barriers of workplace and family space. In addition with downsizing we have taken on more responsibilities.
I am a long-term employee and generally like my current job, however, I am concerned about the lack of pathways for vertical progression. Specifically, there is only 1 pathway to advance to the next level, there are minimal opportunities to get on the pathway for advancement, and there are a lot of people at my level seeking the same minimal opportunities.
Career growth
Diversity is very important to me. As our company begins to shift the current leadership, I wonder if the strategy for more diversity will be upheld and enhanced. I fear that there may not be as many opportunities for minorities.
work life balance
Concerned about maintaining flexibility in my work schedule as the covid climate shifts
Work life balance is something that i wish I had more of
One of the things that concerns me is the resources and teams working to support our building not fully understanding what changes mean for the building.
Pace of work/ probability of success
Health of the pipeline
I am in a very difficult role right now as we ramp up and I have a manageable level of stress in the short term. However personally I need to work to cultivate others to offload a good deal of this work.
Equality.  I feel there are pre-determined mindsets that drive decisions.  There isn't equality in levels/jobs positioned as levels across Merck and organizations.  Given that, there isn't equality in compensation.
Career Growth
Not being able to family. Mental stress. Managing unproductivity.
Impact of the current political environment on our business
Business travel restarting to be able to better perform my job.
Work/Life Balance
Opportunity to be agile in the items we work on.  Feel we should shift resources as needed to help out other areas within our division that may be hit with unprecedented workloads.
Competitive pay and wage increases are not tied to job performance.
Retributions and unfair work environment
Work life balance
Unequal distribution of workload and expectations. MPS tools applied to certain divisions by extended teams are not aware and provide significant push back when trying to apply these new learnings. This pushes us from being able to apply these new learnings and almost getting in trouble for applying what Merck is trying to implement.
Not being able to pursue other opportunities at Merck due to being blocked by my building.
Medical freedom. Nobody should be forced or coerced into receiving a vaccine.
Work  and personal life balance
That adequate resources are available to meet the work demands as company successes are embraced. In the past work/life balance was difficult to achieve/maintain.  I fear more is to be requested with fewer resources.
Many colleagues including myself are tired about politics bleeding into the workplace. Many meetings usually devolve into or has undertones of politics. Every aspect of life is political and work is the one place that should not include this subject matter.  PLEASE leave politics out of work! Many colleagues feel this way but feel unsafe to say so for fear of retaliation. As a company diversity and inclusion is a goal for all this year, let's make it so we include ALL individuals despite their political views.
Ability to advance within the organization and gain new experiences. MSD and chemistry in particular seems incredibly slow to promote and provide people new opportunity unless they stick around for 15 years. If we want to keep up with other companies and industries we need to be more flexible, open to new ideas/ways of thinking, and eliminate the hoop jumping which literally consumes about half of my time at work.
Work /Life balance
Radical views that the upper management of our parent company are expressing.   The values of this country are established.  Special interest groups should be appreciated and their views considered but not in conflict with the values of our country... Our country is not perfect but the democratic process and capitalism is the best system
Corporate Health.  Losing Ken and Roger in the same year is a major challenge for the new leadership team,
Stress / workload
Even though I believe the country is more divided polic
Work-life balance.
Ensure I keep on delivering the results expected by the leadership
Making a meaningful contribution in comparison to the many gifted and accomplished colleagues in my group.
Company following trends (environmental, political, social, etc.) rather than leading by age-old moral and ethical principals.
Stress level.  Too many projects all with #1 critical priority.  Myself and many other team members are burnt out or close to it,  Not enough people to do the work and contractors arent always the answer as they have no motivation to stay due to the workload. Stress leads to lack of sleep and overall low morale.
As we move into the next phase and start returning to work, I really want to see us revisit development and how we're advancing as a team and in our own career trajectories. It feels like much of this has taken a back seat as we've navigated the pandemic. It makes sense but it's time to start looking ahead again.
New computer platform/programs overload.
Flexibility in working hours and continuing to being able to work, at least partially, remotely after covid restrictions are lifted
Other concern: Work/life balance
Other: Work/Life Balance
Career development and growth
Getting back to the office.
Climate Change, Earth's Biodiversity, Cost / Availability of Health Care
I get frustrated by the pushing of certain liberal philosophies from a corporate perspective which are against my core religious beliefs.  I am frustrated by an overwhelming endorsement of many political beliefs which are contrary to mine from a management perspective.  The atmosphere at Merck has turned from one where scientific excellence is the goal to a milieu in which people are reticent to say anything of a personal nature to one another.  So much time is consumed with political correctness and the need for equity that the ideals of equality and right to speech have taken a back seat.    All of  this has occurred in a company where our core focus should be of science and meet today's health needs, not conforming to social pressure for a particular ilk.
Most concerned with the company moving to a predominately remote working environment that removes the people interaction from the workplace.
Staffing and budget are very tight this year. However, prioritization of key projects and communication to leadership regarding what can and cannot be done with current staffing and resources does not always happen. This feedback loop is needed; specifically, that we hear you, and understand/approve the prioritization. Or conversely, if the prioritization is not approved, how do we find resources, budget, etc. to achieve.
I'm currently concerned with the ongoing pandemic in the US and hesitance for vaccinations which will prolong COVID-19 spread
Financial Security
There is no clear guidance or criteria for moving up in the company. It seems like you either need to apply outside of your role or leave the company. When asking what skills are needed to apply/get a promotion, it feels like random thoughts/tasks are pulled out of nowhere just to keep the employee busy. The verbiage "stretch role" seems to also be somewhat of a way of getting out of the discussion as well. Even though it appears that everything everyone is doing is a "stretch role".
My professional development
Work Life Balance/excessive demand in hours
Better work life balance for me and the team
Merck needs to find a way to properly reward their higher level and top performers.  Over the past 10 years, everyone gets lumped into the "MEETS EXPECTATIONS".  There needs to be a way to provide an incentive and actually rewards the high performers.  Your yearly raise should not be based on where your current pay rate is and how far away from the average salary rate in your given band.  Merck has no incentives to help drive employees to push innovation and take on challenging assignments, when the end of the year review & salary increase provides the same raise to an average employee.  This is a horrible way reward Merck's higher performers.  Merck needs to provide additional raises, bonus, and stock options for the higher performers.  This way the average person can have their average raise and the high performers actually get the rewards they deserve.  Please increase the number of people that can receive stock options and provide an additional raise amount for the higher performs.
I am uncomfortable hearing personal politics from leadership. We are taught as reps there is no place for our personal politics in the workplace especially when representing the company. (Keep our opinions to ourselves — we are told), we are the face of the company. It is can be damaging at the rep level when customers disagree and sometimes close the door on our access weather it be physically or mentally, it does happen.
I would like my company to stay out of politics
-Country being so divided -people being defined by their race, gender, country of origin, religion
mental health; career advancement
In the Other selection, I am concerned about my relationship with my significant other.  Turbulent times have weakened our bond and it is not as solid as it once was.
The Merck culture currently is very disproportionate. There are those of us who have been working on-site since day 1 of the pandemic with no break and very little to no opportunities for vacation due to the understaffing issue in some of the departments. In my current department, the vast majority of responsibility has fallen upon the same small group of a few people (me included). We are exhausted, burnt out, and barely keeping our heads above water. We cannot even take the time off we would really want/need because we are undertrained and do not have enough people. The people who can train others for a task have been severely delayed due to the fact that the trainers are the ones who are the only qualified for certain procedures, thus creating a cycle of not having enough people trained but NEEDING those people trained. We are consistently pushed to go well above and beyond with little reward or break.
My biggest concern is COVID-19 in my workplace.
Tax hikes/spending and the total breakdown of security and law enforcement at southern border.
I am worried about being required to get vaccinated.
Merck's impact on health should be beyond just individual products - we need to recognize and take more responsibility for the other huge public health threats that are hurting human health: systemic racism, carbon emissions, inequalities across the board
Those employees that have worked remotely for well over a year now should be allowed to continue to do so.  This will make it safer at the site, this will enable more work/life balance, this will de-stress many situations for employees and this will be cost effective for the whole company.  The working remotely scenario is the way of the future, and Merck has always led the way.
Keep learning to improve my experience and be supported to the company
staying stress free
Getting a promotion. I've been at the same job title for most of a decade.
There is so much work that needs to be done in a manner of short time. Trying to get it all completed on time of course mistakes happen but when they do. My confidence lowers and start to feel like I am not capable of doing my job the correct way that I am expected to. It creates so much stress and affects my personal life to the point of not wanting to work the next morning.
Potential pricing reform in the US is a particular concern.  This can have catastrophic consequences to our business model.  As such, this is what I am most concerned with right now.  If this happens, then of course job security becomes a pressing issue.
The environment, over population, political discord / international conflicts, racial conflicts in US and abroad, over spending by the US government, social media, and over use of cell phones.
We are being controlled by senior management in the way we should be thinking politically, economically and work wise like a communist regime. I dont mind at work but outside politically and economically mind your own business. I am more than capable.
I carry very high work load for a long time. I feel very tired mentally. I struggle to sleep and concentrate now. I asked for incremental FTE but  taking this decision is very complicated and bureaucratic. It takes too much time and energy and meanwhile I still carry high work load
Work/Life Balance
Making sure we continue to pursue quality science.  Adding quality and quantity to the pipeline.  And finally, being a little less risk averse.
Merck's strategy is less clear than over the past 5-10 years.
work life balance
Too many changes all at the same time.  QSIP changes never make work easier.
Merck's political positioning and political statements by Merck's CEO that are having a very negative effect upon many of our employees and many of our customers.
need equipment that works well (printers, tablets, lasairs, SMA samplers
Leadership, people management
The personal politics of the company's leaders feel more devisive than unifying.  Our workplace focus should be on the patient.
Career progression
maintaining a productive and active lifestyle
Work life balance
company culture/opportunities for promotion/balancing expectations/work pressure
Anticipating if I can continue the flexibility remote work offers and hoping we won't be forced back to the office.  The part of my life I got back from not commuting daily is a godsend (not to mention the reduced carbon footprint for noncommuters).
Work-life balance
Low decision making speed and over centralization
work/life balance
I feel my job security is significantly tied to the success of Keytruda for the company.  Any hiccup in revenue for Keytruda could lead to difficult decisions by the company to reduce headcount unless we develop a deeper pipeline of revenue producing assets.
Working from home for over a year due to the pandemic has led to undesirable health consequences due to the lack of exercise throughout the day.  Frequently, I spend many hours in back to back meetings in my home office without breaks.  Getting a chance to walk around my house for 5 minutes is not the same as walking down the hallway to talk to colleagues, climbing flights of stairs attend meetings or walk between buildings.
Money
I'd like to have more opportunities for professional development.
Work life balance
I am concerned that we, at our site, are judging a candidate for employment based upon their race, sexual orientation, gender, disabilities, etc. rather than if the employee is qualified to do the job.  We have a very diverse work force, which is great.  Unfortunately, many of the new employees are not performing or are unable to perform the job for various reasons, the main being they were not qualified to perform the job from the outset.  This is a hardship on the workforce and an extreme safety hazard.  You cannot train an individual to perform this job if they do not have the mentality, the desire to learn, and prior general experience in a manufacturing environment.
1) career development opportunities, 2) work-life balance
Company is far to concerned with politics and picking sides.
To be able to knock off on time or get up early after a long day to do exercise
1. The quality of the managers: I have strong doubts about the company's ability to choose managers as people leaders. I must add that these managers are not the ones I directly report to as per the organization, they are managers I report to because of my work scope. Out of the last 2 years, I have reported to 4 (working) managers (different departments - the number is not the issue). 2 out of these 4 managers are not people leader and do not inspire their employees to thrive, develop and do their best. These managers did not listen/act on concern. One of these 2 managers also does not seem to have the qualification for their manager role. It is difficult to respect your manager if you don't feel respected yourself. As a note, I know that I am not the only person with this view about the 2 specific managers. I will add that the 2 other managers I have had are fantastic managers and I feel truly valued and encouraged when working with/for them.
I believe our company should not position itself in the political area by signing petitions a far left leaning organization pushes. I believe the sensitivity training which includes that Merck workers are systemically racist and culturally bias innately causes a greater divide. Our company is following blindly into the political area by pushing radicalized policies.
the amount of work
Work life balance
Work-Life Balance, Resilience; How to deal with stress and reduced social contacts; How to deal with having no support from the family for child care/ household.
Remaining productive and focused despite the difficulties of the pandemic
Climate change
Career Opportunities with MSD/Merck
Work life balance, working from home/reduced hours
Holiday: Will we be able to have a holiday in an other country, or will did not be possible due to de COVID-19 regulations per country
As I am in an "above site" role working from home for more than 12 months because of the pandemic, I am worried that the company will adopt this as a new way of working and that I will never be allowed back into my site office. That would force me to leave the company as I do not want to work from home full time.
Environment & Human Rights
Climate Change
Normalcy and stabilityEli
Having sufficient resources on my team
QSIP deployment creating alot of work and change
not able to travel. This results in not able to meet peers F2F  and not able to make new connections in the industry. meeting F2F and talking informal is important in the era of innovation to next generation biotech
we continue to face racial inequality and favoritism within SA
Yes we are all facing difficulties figthing this Pandemic looking forward to see my Families in overseas
vaccination against Covid
"(DT)Digital technologies have increased the quality of decision-making" ??  too many systems operating on different platforms like having to understand many languages.  Too many E-Mails.  Too many tracking systems (SIMS Trackwise, Workorders, E.T.C.)   Do I believe in aliens?? Yes! Why?? Well because a common images that represent the Alien, a grey figure with large thumb large eyes small mouth large head.  DT being exposed to too much artificial light and no sunlight   (Pale Grey skin )small screens (Big eyes) texting (large thumb) no verbal communication (small mouth)remembering those passwords, food that is good/bad for you all the laws of your land, your wife/partners birthday, how to operate all those systems digital platforms for every day living ordering your groceries cloths booking health appointments, texting your kids up stares or in the room next door, at present we are going through the MSD phase (Make Simple Difficult)  i.e SAP it takes so many people to drive this sys.
demoralised people
Spin-off process results
Burnout (my team, and myself)
Management and Leadership
Work load
Salary should be more competitive with industry peers
nothing, really, but my workload is insane :(
there is no development structure in IPT. so opportunities to grow and develop employees are never prioritized
Mental Health of the Team
politics should not be in the workplace and there is a lot  of reverse
Work overload
work/life balance, especially as a parent of a multiple disability child
Balance between personal life and job.
Personal life and work balance
I am not really concerned about most of these things. The company it extremely logical, fair about safety during COVID and staying healthy, safe. I also think there is a huge amount of work on diversity and inclusion, fairness and equity.  I am a little concerned about the current political climate and the spends of TRILLIONS of dollars without clear ways of paying for it (other than raising taxes!); one of my concerns is that capital hill will once again turn their spotlight on our very important industry and further penalize us (that could impact jobs in the future?).
Long-term health of the company with regards to new and continuing therapeutic areas, nimbleness, and new leadership.
Strong bias to specific group of people in my team so I'm concerned about my career progression despite being one of the best performing employee. Lack of support to mental well-being as even the manager's does not display good control of their work-life balance. Lack of support for employees who have been in the company long enough to get a promotion. Succession planning is not transparent. I am not clear as to what makes an individual progress in the department.
Other = Worldwide outbursts of violence and intolerance.
For all my responses around digital technology, see my comment above.  Our site lags significantly behind in digital technology for the times.  This leads to increased manual process, with increase in opportunity for human error.  Need to upgrade infrastructure and create more streamline processes that are consistent across the board.  Right now too many people "work in silos."
That I would loose even more freedom, the right to make my own choices being taken away.
The leaders are involved in politics for their own survival and that of their friends who submit to their demands. This happens at Regional and Local level. There is a lot of prejudice, unfair treatment, inappropriate promotions, creating projects to elevate preferred employees without opening these opportunities to all employees. Manipulation of regional leaders to support promotions that dont make business sense. Promoting people with no relevant experience to senior roles and critical portfolios based on unfair processes. Predetermined selection decisions in South Africa for some roles. promoting employees that have failed interviews based on discretion of leaders. The global leaders are fair and lead by example.
I am very concerned that as a publicly traded company, we have upper management that broadcasts their personal positions on political issues and speaks so broadly and on behalf of Merck. It seems like such a double standard - we as employees have to take training on how to conduct ourselves on social media when it comes to politics if it shows that we work for Merck in our profile. Seems like the same standards are not applied to our upper management. In my opinion, political preferences and opinions should be kept out of the workplace - especially when we are a publicly-traded company.
Impact of COVID for the Healthcare System
work life balance. Like Merck, like my job but it is so demanding I find it hard to enjoy life (plus covid for plus 1 year is not helping at all). the demands and expectations are unrelenting and I cannot continue like this for much longer. seriously evaluating my life and plans for the future.
Work/Life balance, feeling that my contributions are valued.
The well being of my family
We understand and let's face it, digitalization is no longer an option but a necessary mode. With the monumental changes we witnessed in 2020, the organization who have continued to thrive are those who have embraced a digital business.  But sad to say We REFUSE TO LOOK into tools and platforms that will be the best fit for our customers and make sure we address the 3 Cs's (Collaboration, Coordination and Culture). We annoyed our healthcare professionals when unrealistic and unreasonable KPI target is set by commercial ops and force the team to do it.  We never hear the customers anymore. We continue to do what we think is right! This is scary.  We have lost so many talents to our competitors, and if we continue at this phase, we will soon loss more market share to a point unable to recover.  We have huge data through digitalization but NOT given resources. continue... 18.
Current Pandemic
Career Growth
Outdated company policies for time off not flexible enough
Employee development is selective and not consistently accessible for all. Decisions for promotions are not transparent. No rational, objective fact based  justifications or explanation or feedback given even when solicited from manager. No competency matrix available in Global Clinical Supply to distinguish between different bands and performance levels. People with no experience are hired at same level as people with 8-9 years experience at the job. Opportunities for development offered to handful of employees over and over again. There is NO scope - survey/360 degree feedback etc -  collected on managers. Work environment is demotivating and discouraging, even though company leadership is stating all the right things. Employee development needs significant focus for company to retain talent and skilled employees
communication within my team
Work life balance
With everyone working from home and always online, the pace of work seems to have increased exponentially in the last year and is feeling unsustainable. Trying to engage with the many new initiatives, while also pinning down existing priorities, is at times overwhelming, with a sense that the goalposts are constantly changing. As a result, I tend to de-prioritise the valuable training/development opportunities on offer, assigning them instead to a 'nice-to-do' list. Accessing the Company's supportive 'Wellbeing' resources also feels too indulgent, compared with more pressing commitments.
Uncertainty of ways of working
Work/Life Balance
work life balance
Career growth/progression and guidance needed to perform job successfully
Leadership's political views do not belong in the workplace. PERIOD.  What is occurring in America are not honest conversations about anything. As history has proven time and again, social issues are systematically hijacked and used to gain power and totalitarian control and to tear apart a country and it's people. Riots and violence, demonizing and destroying those with differing view points, coordinated propaganda in our American institutions, and the violation of our rights as Americans are NOT acceptable no matter the cause.  I wish there had been at least  even 1 message sent out on this.
I am concerned about the checks and balances within my position and the lack of clarity surrounding process changes at the point of implementation.
Racial Injustice could easily be in the top three. The unwillingness to acknowledge the importance of movements like BLM by certain politicians, clearly places Racial Injustice in the political arena.
Merck's executive decision to take what half of the company would likely agree are one-sided political views on governmental and social issues that further racial and societal divides, which in turn create disengagement on the part of many employees. Focus on pharmaceuticals from 8am-5pm, be a social justice warrior during your personal time, please.
Remote work has been invaluable to me. I sleep better, eat healthier, exercise more, spend time with family and dogs, take up hobbies, and just live a happier, healthier life (both mentally and physically). In addition, I can focus better at work and get more done since I am comfortable in a setting where I can tailor everything to my specific needs. I also feel more connected to my co-workers since we make time to chat virtually. The campus and buildings are so massive we never saw each other in person. I am extremely concerned about having to go back to the office at any point in the future, knowing how much my life has improved. I am concerned Merck will miss out on young talent, as most other large companies offer remote work and they will choose to work there instead, as young people increasingly seek remote opportunities. Having the happiest, healthiest, most diverse work force will allow Merck to make medicines so the world can have the happiest, healthiest people possible!
Balancing work-life, personal/family life, and school
Not knowing how I can develop into newer roles and opportunities. Essentially, not knowing what options I have available in different departments.
Professional growth opportunities
Having a positive and productive working relationship with my regional manager, who has demonstrated on multiple occasions that he does not respect me, is not open to things being done a different way than how he thinks they should be done, has publicly embarrassed me in front of my hospitals, only focuses on the negative (even in the face of huge wins and conversions that I achieved on my own...only praising me for my successes after we have traumatic altercations), and has broken me down to tears on multiple occasions when we have had field rides together. I don't necessarily need public praise, but I do care about the respect he shows me when we're working together and encouraging a positive, safe, and supportive & professional working environment. I can safely say our team, as a whole, does not feel safe sharing concerns and ideas with him, and the team culture is void of positive feedback, praise, encouragement, understanding, and genuine support.
When/if the site will reopen all operations including fitness center which I had frequented pre-pandemic for stress relief and work/life balance. I am also concerned if COVID vaccination will be a requirement for my returning to site full-time or if I can get a medical exemption.
Family/ work  ratio
My career development and progress
At times, I think Merck leadership (via the EBB and Townhalls) delve into politics too frequently and I do not view it as appropriate in a work setting.    Further, at one non-EBB town hall I felt there was inappropriate subject matter discussed by panelists.  When you have children, who may be within listening distance of your computer due to virtual schooling/distance learning, hearing graphic details at a town hall detailing someone's search for sexual encounters, without any content warning, felt inappropriate for the workplace.
Work Life Balance
havng covid gone
Things in personal life that have the potential to affect my work.
Professional Growth
Other = Environmental impact (ex: global warming, plastic pollution, etc.)
COVID impact to familiar ways of life and extended family.
Global impact of Covid/ Human impact on the planet/ Humanitarian issues/ Racial Injustice and Safety
Other:  Finding a better job.
work/life balance
Disheartening when there was no feedback given when not chosen for a position that I received 2 interviews for.  Also, when not chosen as a candidate for an interview on different occasions.
My family's mental health
Being able to do my job efficiently with either impediments removed or areas fixed either internally or at the vendors that I work with.
Lately I find it concerning that the US Constitution, the most brilliant governing document ever conceived, is under attack by many who seem to lack an understanding of how important its checks and balances are for preserving the rights and freedoms of every American.  Especially important is Freedom of Speech, as it is vital to healthy, productive debate and diversity of thought.  Fortunately, at Merck open, honest debate and the sharing of ideas of varying perspectives is highly encouraged, as this is a key enabler to solving the difficult problems required to fulfill the company's mission to save and improve lives worldwide.
Women in upper level leadership roles within departments other than procurement and quality.
Lack of leadership skills by the decision makers.
The resources our team could use are not provided in a timely manner. For a department whose work is so time-sensitive and time-critical, managers are not able to provide role-specific training or usable resources prior to a major shift in process or a new system being provisioned. In the implementation of REDS, we were not provided with a department specific training or SMEs but were assigned many universal trainings not specific to our particular job roles. Our managers could have made role specific resources available prior to the go-live date (rather than the global high level trainings) as was done with the deployment of RCAM which resulted in a much smoother transition. May be there is hope for more involvement with a clear vision for a supportive and successful future with those who can take work out of the system instead of adding unnecessary steps to our roles. We all need to row in the same direction like Mr. Davis stated at the last Townhall simplifying and adding value.
