With every new system or system update there is additional work. Systems should simplify our work!
Additional guidelines and procedures do not support to be agile. I think MSD has too many detailed processes and policies to follow and is too cautious. Especially in the guidances which come from Global Compliance organization
No career growth even had qualification and experience in IPT-API 50 Tuas West drive singapore.
There are many challenges in the marketing space regarding procurement and vendor approval. We over-spend on materials (sometimes double) by being tied to approved printers or vendors. Legal approval can also be slow which leads to longer lead times, stifling creativity. Agility and quick shifts in creative are imperative in a competitive marketing space. Finally, the brands are very siloed - it would be helpful to have more collaborative branding and campaigns earmarked throughout the year to help grow business.
We need laptops to allow our work to be more efficient. We also need our virtual processes to be more efficient with less rules
The recent changes to my department have just added chaos and confusion so more barriers now exist as we all try to figure out who is doing what, when and how.
Irrational legal barriers are being erected on a regular basis, preventing us from doing our work effectively.
MERCK SEEMS TO BE BEHIND OTHER COMPANIES WHEN IT COMES TO TECHNOLOGY AND RESOURCES.  ACCORDING TO MY PROVIDERS AND PHARMACIES, MERCK IS THE ‘ONLY’ COMPANY THAT REQUIRES A SIGNATURE TO LEAVE VOUCHERS/COUPONS. THIS IS AN EXAMPLE OF MERCK BEING ESPECIALLY WHEN LAUNCHING A NEW MEDICATION AND PROVIDING RESOURCES FOR OUR MEDICAL GROUPS THAT DO NOT ALLOW SAMPLES BUT WILL USE VOUCHERS/COUPONS. I HAVE 2 LARGE GROUPS (DIGNITY AND UC DAVIS) THAT WILL NOT SIGN FOR VOUCHERS/COUPONS AND DO NOT TAKE SAMPLES. THESE GROUPS WOULD LIKE ME TO LEAVE VOUCHERS FOR OUR PRODUCTS BUT OUR MERCK POLICIES DO NOT ALLOW US.
While many barriers have been removed, there are still inefficiencies that could be improved upon.
We need to be more receptive to change and looking at how we can work differently as this doesn’t always happen.
I think that there has been an increase over the past year or so of adding work that is not value add to our plates.  We are being asked to produce more summaries of our work to upper management, do more metric tracking and more administrative tasks which pulls us away from our strategy work which is vital to the PDTs.
I do think our policies surrounding remote engagement ie VIRTUAL EXHIBITS are overly cumbersome and put into place to discourage us from entering the space.
Mandatory in-person attendance via Web-ex  training/updates need to be changed to a self-schedule platform. These classes take up value monitoring time. Please protect the monitoring time schedule. Tue-Thurs are prime monitoring times. Meetings take away from this.
I feel that Merck WAS getting better at this, but now with the changes to Educational Programs where our customers aren’t allowed to order alcohol is putting us in a competitive disadvantage. I also feel that our Nurse Educators should be allowed to present at speaker programs for our Nursing customers. I also believe we are behind the curve with this one because many if not all of our competitors due multiple programs using their RN educators in the evening. Allowing this would make it easier to build relationships that will help with access.
Covid has introduced barriers to field sales like we have never experienced before. Solving for/reducing these barriers in a timely way has been difficult, but sales leadership has shown great commitment to getting these issues ironed out, so that the sales teams can function at a high level
I have seen a lot of resource pulling lately to support other groups which has added a lot of barriers and burning people out.  It makes me wonder if people in their roles are not qualified/capable of doing their jobs.  Is anything being done to develop them to avoid pulling resources from other groups?
It takes forever to get anything through legal, and they tie your hands on being entrepreneurial
We do need to learn to become more agile and work to improve and speed up our compliance processes.
Only one barrier of the ones discussed has been removed
I'm too new in my current role to assess.
As a CABU territory rep, our role is so much more than just selling Merck products into vet hospitals. Our goal is to become a true business partner and add value to the overall health of our customers' business. We often find that we are having to create tools from scratch (ie: business reviews, proposals, promo calculators, etc.) which sometimes takes a lot of time and delays the customer follow up.
We try but we paint ourselves into corners.  Even leaders who realize how impossible the tasks are to achieve are unable to move the needle back to sane.  How can we go from planning to experimenting if we have no systems which allow us to make a simple effective change within the parameters of our regulatory filings without making that simple change a > yearlong process?
Break down compliance barriers
Walk the walk with being a flex workplace. It has been so disappointing to see the CLT's directive in December/January to mandate days in the office and stop flexible work arrangement requests after 10 months of employees performing their roles almost fully remotely.  It has really made me consider if I have a future working with MSD which I never thought I would say.
be more agile, not just in slogan, during execution as well
So far MSD is doing everything for the welfare of the company and it's employees and I am satisfied from what they are doing right now.
1. Stop to force different country to follow one SOP because different country has its own culture, business model, etc. No one will criticize how important to the Company if w/o comprehensive Compliance, how if it is over to use Compliance to control a company, it is also a barrier, you should know that too. 2. Some Compliance look too rigid, e.g. 1. Don't see how big impact to the company if people go to a non-Amex card acceptable restaurant with the HCP. 3. Due to company has so many restriction binding us, it means that it's also binding our thinking, our innovation, our business. 4. A company is run by people, company success or not people is the most element. If Company just force on how to protect the company but ignore practical issue and not believe your employee, it is not a healthy thinking. Everything is depending on balance, how to focus on win-win situation which is the management to do and lead the company to become next level.
I am satisfied with my current working environment.
Continue to build on the work flexibility policies
more resource and chance for individual development
Simply some process for smoothly working.
The management is in a hurry to open the workplace despite worsening COVID situation in the country. Rather than extending the office opening timeline by 15 days every time the government announces a lockdown, the company can show more support at this time and help us believe that our wellbeing is of utmost importance to the company. A statement like, "we are not in a hurry to open the office - employee's and their family's well being is of utmost concern for the company, so we are not going to open the office at least for the next 3 months" would really give us a sense of security, faith in the organization and mental stability to plan out things.
simplify process , dont make simple things complicated
Willing to encourage experiment with uncertainty
Please listen to the employee's comment but not just brush it away with the top management KPI. Do something that is meaningful to the patients but not the things that is meaningful to the management's KPI. Be considerate to our customers. At the end of the day, we work as a team with the customers but not to always let the customers to tolerate us and keep on press on them because we need to fulfill company's KPI.
Educational which  MSD offer  - The labour market must be another of  main concerns.
the company supports me and my family extensively, I feel proud and accomplished working for MSD and would not like to work anywhere else.... I feel the support of my manager and higher management to take care of myself and my family, which is really critical in this challenging time.
Desiccation are not always made based in a scientific manner, but based on sentiment & emotion.  Not always the best way to go.
Simplification and developmental opportunity for staff
Just keep going in the same direction. MSD is the best place I've worked at!
The diversity/unconscious bias trainings are a good start... Continue to do that, measure progress, ensure that this is the tone from the top and carried by all leaders in between.
There is a need a real need to simplify processes and then really walk the talk. We see too much in the markets of H/C decrease based on intents of simplification that do not come true or even an increase of requests ....
Remove duplicate organizations, and initiatives that add little to no value but cause confusion and added work  to the base and clients, while trying to justify themselves.  Reinforce the base (Site facing roles, country ops) that have a direct impact on productivity, quality, patient safety and the image of our company . Shift to a patient centric approach make efficient bio-sample manegement a priority for cancer pts. We are an old complex company compared to other biopharmas. It is time to streamline our company from the top down.
Invest in improving people who work for a long time at MSD and have high skills and want an other job at MSD but cannot meet with the education skills for that job
Offer a clear process for support of educational activities and personal development
check senior management for agile working and empowerment. In GRACS I see sen. manager who do not empower people but at the same time request leadership, which is contradictory.  Too many meetings. Too many review cycles for documents. Again, people are not empowered which slows down the processes tremendously
Accelerate innovation Accelerate R&D productivity Assume place in COVID R&D space mRNA Reduce workload and stress levels across organisation.  Continued focus on expense savings (FTE and $) is hurting employee wellbeing and health Innovation in Digital, Data, Analytics and partnerships
Invent a cure for Ahlzeimer's disease... among so many other unmet medical needs!  And of course continue to invent treatments and cures for cancers, vaccines for various diseases, etc.  Make the company more agile in its operating model and in talent development.
Make processes leaner (it is in progress).  Distribute work more equally within the team.
Focus R&D in areas where we can make a difference to patients and where there is a true market opportunity (the decision to stop developing Covid-19 programmes and focusing on previously established priority areas showed vision, strength and boldness) - not be 'afraid' to take 'unpleasant' leadership decisions.  Continue simplifying(/reducing) processes and IT platforms and tools that can (still) lack use-friendliness, an intuitive set-up and are too complicated to navigate and work-in. If Google, Amazon and Facebook were to use our tools, they would not last a day.  Continue supporting Diversity and Inclusions initiatives and education via external experts.
MSD is a wonderful company to work with!  Pursuing continuous improvement I'd say that:  although we're already in a good path, I'd reinforce the job rotation and transparency of the personal career path/opportunities. Workday has been already a great step ahead in my opinion, but I believe we can still do more
it is a great place to work
We have very ambitious plans and great ideas about the ways of working, we need more resources and support to be able to achieve these targets and plans. People are super committed to the cause and mission but it is not sustainable to keep telling us to look after ourselves and take time out, when the to do list keeps growing and due dates stay the same. We are relying too much on people's good will and desire not to let the mission fail.
Digital enhancements are great. However, during the transition phase some tasks become repetitive/non-value added as a digital step and a paper step co-exist for a period of time (which can be of significant duration). Digital enhancements need to make sense for the people performing the task so that the intent of the data capture is in one place only.
Appreciation of good performance fairly and providing equal opportunities for employees
A clearly defined strategy and also a defined career progression plan. Also more on investment in new technologies, use of AI / nano technologies, i do eel we are still a  bit of a dinosaur and that worries me.
Reduce work overload, more career progression opportunities
Increase in basic research in the field of COVID-19 and explore this basic research in development of commercial vaccines based on the mRNA technique. Merck needs to explore these techniques for the future with a well defined production process including analytics based on GMP procedures.
I believe we need to do better at prioritization, too many things up in the air all at once. Very difficult to determine what we are doing, when and what good likes from a short and mid term point of view. Everyone moving a million miles per hour but always with concise intent.
Msd should continue to engage the workforce about any major changes to working conditions and to consider the change management journey for people will be different. COVID has thrown such a spanner in people’s lives and we had to adapt to so much - lock downs, uncertainty about health, missing time with loved ones. many of those adaptations such as working from home have actually had huge benefits to employees and In turn, productivity at MSD.  I ALSO feel that women at MSD need even more of a focus - we carry so much extra burden of childcare, domestic duties etc on top of work. The juggle is relentless and hence continuing to allow flexibility in as many ways Possible should be a mainstay of MSD. I think leaders at MSd need to recognise and acknowledge that any changes from above that will have a particular negative impact on the ability of women to balance the juggle, needs to be critically reviewed before implementation  - engagements with stakeholders prior should happen.
Make sure all employees are happy. That there is a clear vision for their personal growth and comparable market salary.
Provide with specific trainings if required by the employees.
With the majority of people working remotely, it would be good to see if there were additional structured and unstructured connections within  workgroups and between work groups. Also to continue to promote the mental health resources available.
have more trust in young employees
To replace ancient tools like MIDAS, then find a way around the documentation problem in manufacturing and project work. Change controls are getting more complicated as time progresses. Buildings are cramped with contractors doing permanent jobs. More people are needed to do the same work because documentation and data management is only getting more stringent and more complicated. Technology in pharma is not catching up quick enough. If there was one step to take towards a more efficient and less frustrating way of working for all employees, it would be to solve the documentation challenges we all face.   The MSD Manual is a GREAT initiative. In a world where truth is often secondary, it shines as a beacon of light among social media platforms and the libraries of unchecked sources. Transparency and earnestness seem to be more valuable than ever in the eyes of the customers and patients when it comes to big pharma.
Skip the political messaging.  It is not necessary or appreciated in the workplace and it does not encourage the differences of values and opinions they claim to hold.
There's a stark contrast in seemingly fundamental items between MRL and MMD, even to the level of promotion timing and cycles per year. This makes it feel like we're almost 2 companies despite the driver here for "one merck"
Prioritize the projects to match the resources.  There are too many priorities and sometimes conflicting projects to manage efficiently and within the current resources.
I think Merck needs to develop a clear policy for how work away from office and work at sites, with open seating, will occur. There are only rumors, in my are of GCD, at this moment. I know colleagues from joint ventures where other major pharma are provided clearer guidance and requirements for work. I am a people manager who spends a great deal of time talking to reports in confidential conversation. I do not know who this will work when my site goes to open space. All I hear are vague statements and communication of rumors from my VP.
Continue to support work/life balance and flexibility. Continue open communication and support of Ways of Working and culture change within our organization (actions not just words). Reward leaders/managers who support these initiatives and make Merck a great place to work for their staff.
Keep making great medicines and vaccines
Continue to listen to the employees and make the changes necessary to retain talent, recruit talent that continue to make Merck/MSD a great place to work! Be flexible, even when return to work is initiated, with employees and their work life balance
Better communication.  Provide a workstation so I am no longer jumping from conference room to conference room or 'borrowing' other people's cubes when they are working from home.
The company needs to do a better job of onboarding new employees. New employees would have a less stressful transition into the company if there was a standardized onboarding structure down to the site level (new employee checklist, org charts, milestones for first 90 days, etc.)
need yearly priorities and job descriptions for dysfunctional groups.
It seems that other pharma industry are still more progressive with the resources and offerings they are able to make to the customer and Merck is ULTRA conservative and sometime I feel like we get in our own way when attempting to meet the customers needs.
Allow people to be more flexible, as long as they work hard and do a good job , this should be rewarded with working from home and other benifits for staying with the company long term. People do a poor job and get the same rewards. One year we were given our Birthday as additional holiday , this was a lovely thank you. This lasted one year only. Now we no longer get christmas Hampers, little gifts from sales conf, flexi time was removed with the 4 additional flexi days. There is never any thank you for long hours and hard work , just request for more hard work.
Merck and MSD should provide opportunities for the leaders to learn how to lead.
1- Help solve the workload crisis,  leaders need to engage in more depth to better understand what is truly going on at all levels of the organization and help prioritize until the shift in culture and the new way of working is embedded.  It appears that everyone is waiting for the pandemic to be over so there is no need to recognize a need to think, act and prioritize differently. 2- Simplify and direct the approach to social engagement as it is the wild wild west.   The stress of keeping up across MS teams, yammer, sharepoint sites, organization communications and department communications is out of control and another layer of pressure and exhaustion.  So much so, you begin to shut down, feel out of the loop and not connected to anyone or anything as you are just tired and it is a futile effort.
Be transparent about corporate decisions. Reconsider the Help Desk support because many employees have coined the term "UNhelpful Desk." HR online chat is also not very helpful.
invest to support talents and above all to emerge new people able to manage and bring a plus to patients and people of MSD  invest in the well-being of employees and think about motivating talents with special trips and especially organizing talent meetings with different other EMEEA regions
Either slow down the speed of large projects or staff them more appropriately. Accept that the feedback being given on timelines/budgets are coming from the SMEs; undo stress is placed onto individuals when they are raising red flags but are essentially being told to just make things happen.
Stay calm. Focus on the future after the pandemic.  Merck is pushing it's own goals too hard, instead of getting through the pandemic.  Assist our colleagues in setting up for a better 3rd and 4th quarter.  It will all come back.  Be patient and meet our customers where they are instead of pushing your own agenda.
I think that everything the company is doing is making it a great place to work and will deliver on the mission for the company.  The culture at Merck is amazing and I love working here.  I have the respect of my managers and co-workers and I feel that it is the best place I have ever worked!
I think MSD is already a great place to work, but the pandemic impacted our cotidianity, taking the work to home. So MSD should focus in how to support the work from home
Lighten the internal processes to execute projects ex. sponsorship requests.  Accept a higher level of risk to remain competitive in the market ex. providing lunches for group discussions/meetings with customers, as so many other pharmas already do, especially in the context of the pandemic
I personally believe that Home Office is the future as how we will work and I am enjoying the flexibility Home Office provides on the work-life-balance. For me this is something essential that makes the company attractive or not as a employer.
Create cross-functional teams during database locks that understand site processes rather than just demanding data by certain dates.
Develop or acquire a more diversified portfolio.
Encourage work/life balance across all teams as well as collaboration between teams that are supposed to be working together.
Merck has a lot of tenured employees which speaks to how Merck is a great place to work.  A lot of the employees have achieved significant roles within the company and help set direction for their teams or divisions.  The way in which business was done 25 or 30 years ago is much different than it is now.  If the company truly wants to change and evolve, it must make tough decisions on how to address these employees because many of them are preventing real change from taking place.
Continue to offer work/life balance options
Don't fall into the trap of identity politics and woke ideology.  Continue to support diversity, inclusion, and collaboration between all humans, but don't constantly point out how different we all are because it's counterproductive and nonsensical and illogical.
Appreciate and award all administrative staff. To enable us to develop and advance in the position we are in. Review the Proficiency Level Grid and enable us to advance regardless of the positions of our managers. Review our titles. I would, after more than 20 years at MSD, appreciate the title "Senior Administrative Assistant" instead of Assoc. II, Administrative Services.
Continue to engage employees, continue excellent benefits, maintain and support worklife balance, seek new hires with resignations
Try to remove the politics from the workplace and focus on achievement based on merit and those activities where Merck is best positioned to succeed.
Continue to drive science and innovation along with it's other core objectives
Promote efforts to streamline processes where ever possible that will enable us to focus on the work that it paramount to the company. Making and developing medicines to help people.
Managers (Directors) need to focus on developing people, strategy, and culture to get the best from our workforce.  Pipeline projects should be run by scientists on the R ladder.
Ask the input of employees who are using a new system to test the system prior to implementing it across the board. The benefit of a sabbatical would be extra enticement for people to join and stay with Merck as well.
Treat employees equally across sites.  Support early discovery.  Be brave about new science and technology.
Right people in the right positions.
Change long term incentives to have more options (RSU and stock options) or more availability (RSU's to distribute at every band level / options for smaller awards - similar to worldwide grant in 2018).  Current process doesn't allow for broader investment in employees with the long term company success.  Continue the great benefit changes and evaluation during the COVID pandemic.  The changes the company made to benefit employees has been greatly appreciated and above industry standard.
Greater awareness by senior leadership of issues.  Senior leadership needs to be accountable for all employees wellbeing - not just those in their chain of command, but understand and be accountable for how teams within their chain of command operate and how this impacts individuals and other teams.  There needs very clear roles, responsibilities so that there is no duplication of effort and seamless operating occurs.
Continue to build and foster a culture and work environment that keeps the employees engaged, motivated, and feeling valued and appreciated by leadership. We will not be able to achieve success without an ALL IN approach from ALL members of Merck. I am thrilled to be a part of the Merck family.
Empowering some work teams to make autonomous decisions would improve the speed and effectiveness of the team output.
Work harder to build a more inclusive community
Follow it’s own customer code of conduct that is in place and support employees who are discriminated against by customers.
Promotion should be more based on measurement of objective achievements less on subjective feedbacks, as some colleagues are more likely to provide feedbacks than others. It is unfair for people to be considered less when his/her collaborators are not the type of active feedback provider.
Continuous being transparent and share information to MSD employees: projects about COVID-19, including guidance focused on health of employees and their families, and MSD projects and targets in the future.   I really appreciate them. Thank you very much.
I am concerned about the continued direction of downsizing following Spin and expectation that current staff, who are already overburdened, have to pick up transferred colleagues' workload. Besides having a negative impact on personal health and wellbeing, I am concerned about the ability of Merck to remain a GMP compliant company
Wrt to D&I, rather than having the marginalized people learn how to be more like the majority, work on having the majority learn and embrace the marginalized, making safe spaces. Additionally, have leaders up and down the board exemplify leveraging benefits, especially parental leave. MEN NEED TO TAKE THE LEAVE TOO and lead by example. This will have a positive impact on the women in (and out) of the organization. Normalize leave. Stop asking people to do more with less; start truly focusing efforts for the resource we have.
N/A- doing great!
Simplify processes.
1. Workforce (at all levels) does not stay in there roles long enough to actually learn a job with any kind of depth & expertise.  The movement & change is constant.  It is upsetting and bad for morale.  It leaves one with a constant sense of feeling unsettled.  The stage is always set for ineffectivity as there are no knowledge or process experts. They no sooner get up and running and a year or two later bid out or are moved.  2.  Modernize and across the board:  equipment, processes, etc.
Continue to check in with its employees for their input and freedom to discuss issues that might impede that mission
Add more lower-level, younger people to help drive change.  Higher ups are too stuck in their ways and since there are so many of them, they support each other in not changing.
Make sure that the top leaders, department heads, etc. of the company always remain politically neutral in what they say in their emails, what they say in person and over WebEx (and in the future, in person) meetings.
Truly address employees concerns.  Burnout will lead to employee departures and additional resource concerns.
help current employees plan steps to further our careers at the company. A roadmap to success and advancement.
Continue to invest in R&D , in talents Take good decisions in the buyout of innovative molecules Have a fairer remuneration policy without differences between departments
Focus on removing internal bureaucracy and process. Our turnaround time and internal requirements are cumbersome  and slow.   Also, our former CEO should be careful that the views he expresses in public are not necessarily the views of all or most of his employees. Perhaps more focus on our business and  company would be more productive than getting involved in Georgia politics.
The only thing I am somewhat concerned about is returning to the office in an open space environment.  We will no longer have assigned desks and they seem to be placed very close together.  Given the current recommendations to maintain appropriate distance, this has me a bit concerned.  I would prefer to have an assigned desk with barriers between the desks to help with focusing on your tasks and keeping employees safe.  However, I love everything else about Merck and it is a great place to work, so please continue to promote diversity and inclusion; continue to provide updates on covid and promote safety; continue to be good global citizens and takes steps to protect our environment.  Continue to be a great place to work!
Improve the medical benefit and coverage
Need to continue to evolve digitally.  We have made great strides in the last several years, but the pandemic has forced our hand to react to push people out of the traditional way of doing things which is great.  We need to continue to build on that and continue to improve.
In my opinion, stay out of politics. Be aware that there is an agenda and narrative that is being pushed that the silent majority do not buy and are very threatened by. Merck is a great company with great products and great people. Let's continue to grow and improve and be the best we can be without alienating a good portion of the people within and outside of this company.  I make these comments trusting in Merck and the no-retaliation policies here. I do not mean this in any negative or divisive way, only an attempt to say the truth and hope the best for this company and it's employees.  Evenness, fairness and true equality do not come at the expense of the innocent.
Allow for more flexible/remote work arrangements.
I would say by removing barriers between access to sites to prevent us from working in silos so much, as mentioned in a previous comment.  I do find that being able to see what is being done at other sites can really improve our ability to operationalize a study.  If I have that transparency and am in SR80, I can check in the systems to see lots of things: how data is entered on a specific page in Inform, what the visit schedule looks like in IRT, what shipments went to the site in SPECTRUM. I do currently have access to other sites in Veeva and that has helped tremendously, for example with a Site Validation.  It is a huge advantage in working with our site partners when it looks like we actually talk to each other within our large organization.  A criticism I have heard of large companies in our industry (not our specifically though) is: "the left hand doesn't know what the right hand is doing". If we could show that we communicate, it would help us be the sponsor of choice.
Don’t overswing and change policies due to fear. Look at what our competitors are doing and offer Merck employees the opportunity to compete on an even playing field.
Continue to seek appropriate balance as we engage customers to take healthy/appropriate risk (at times, it feels as we are so risk averse that we don't take action in places where our engagement would support our public health mission while also ensuring 100% ethical behavior.
Trust and empower SMEs further down the chain of command with confidential information for guidance can be provided. Include all stakeholders (i.e. Safety, IT, Security) in projects or strategy sessions very early on so that all relevant requirements and costs are included in preliminary before business decisions are made. too many project over the past few years where the SMEs are repeatedly challenged on their Ture North because project teams fail to engage early  and include their subject areas.  Stop making simple difficult.
Animal Health MMD needs to assess the disparity of how work is done across sites. Other sites have significantly more headcount for support roles, significantly more headcount for comparable production work, more money for improvement projects, more support to identify, initiate and see those projects through. Elkhorn is "burdened" by the fact that it has historically operated under a shoestring budget and there has been no assessment as to whether working in that manner is healthy. This survey is exclusively asking employees to respond to their work environment through the lens of their direct manager. All questions related to the responsibility of the wider organization have been removed for some reason. The direct manager has more influence on a person's job perception than anything else but they do not have control over things like headcount and funding, and much of one's experience with their direct mgr is only a reflection of the constraints placed on the mgr by the organization
(1) Truly EMPOWER employees - don't have SVPs/VPs review every single document for formatting, punctuation, grammar. A draft takes an average of 20 iterations before it is deemed final. Imagine the time & energy we would save and accelerate decision-making (2) Recognize, respect and leverage diverse experiences. We get hired to Merck for our experience; however that is instantly shut-down because it is NOT the Merck WAY (3) Take risk on people - we continue to stick to our silos; the cross-functional/division talent movement is limited. You have to know senior leaders in functions/divisions to get a role (4) Get rid of the current performance management system; people have tremendous potential, however, will hold themselves back if rated in the middle year-on-year despite extraordinary contributions (5) Truly endorse Talent First beyond paper; especially in the remote ecosystem if employees are demonstrating effective engagements and productive contributions - let them be virtual.
Get back to the basics. Good workers get promoted/recognized and bad workers get offered an opportunity to learn and work. If they can not or do not want to do the job/work, then they can work somewhere else. This is very simple. Merck/MSD also need to get back to a system of vetting candidates through some kind of system (Career Readiness) or other system that will ensure better qualified candidates in the workplace.
Continue to support employee wellbeing; become more open to employee ideas and their attempts to innovate; enhance employee development and career progression.
Value and engage all employees. Give opportunities for development. Support work/life balance. Stop creating barriers to advancement.
I am so thankful for Merck’s support during Covid.  The company has been so generous and has been so fair as we navigate this new world.
Provide allocations to employees to spend on gym equipment or resources for work like a computer chair, second monitor or docking stations.
Provide all employees with the flexibility they need to do their best work.
Keep communicating as much as possible
Ensure employees are assigned to work that they can handle in an 8 hour day such as spreading out high priority work.
Continue/increase the development of our scientists as strategic technology and program leaders, continue/increase our presence in science education--Merck should reclaim our role as a beacon for higher learning and science in society, continue/increase our presence and partnerships to make medicines and vaccines accessible to all those who need them around the globe.
I am excited to see the structure that we put around remote employment in the US - once there are team members back in the office.  Ensure that remote workers feel included and part of the team will be critical to the initiative.
Continue to allow for flexibility even after people are vaccinated and start returning to the physical office space
Continue with the survey's and focusing on the employee as well as the science
invest in R&D basic Research.  No new Biologics/Vaccines in pipeline.
Senior leadership making decisions that are objective and data-driven rather than reactive and driven by personalities.
Make work an equitable place
1) Aggressively augment the pipeline with less reliance on Oncology, 2) Actively strip down the bureaucracy, 3) Understand how Merck truly differentiates in customer minds, from the pack (get the truth), 4) Then, obsess about how to augment our differentiation from other pharmas (beyond the product specifications)
Ensure that company culture is better distilled down to various teams, especially within Animal Health. I would like to see greater transparency on how we change this "workaholic" culture where we've moved from traveling the globe to support countries, creating and implementing strategy, to sitting behind a computer for 10-12 hours a day, without recognition or appreciation. I believe in the company I work for, and the mission I am participating in - I do not feel as though the leaders within my organization have the same values directed towards their teams.
We need more time and attention paid to:  - the amount of work people have on their plate - the number of hours per day people are working to get the job done - making sure we have enough staff to get the job done - evaluating what is added to daily work such a trainings or initiatives and making sure it does not over burden     people and add more stress
Local HR Lead is doing a great job on work prioritization and is well able to say.... No / Not this year / Not HR supported. HRBP role encompasses significant, complex & time consuming project management responsibilities. As an example,  specification, budgeting, deployment, implementation, upgrading, and ongoing communication & administration of sitewide T&A system. We need help in the project management space, this work is business critical and consumes a lot of HRBP time.
Let's focus on being respectful of everyone but spend our energies at work on work things and leave personal agendas and politics for outside of work hours.
Simplify and empower.  Too much control from the top.
To Keep continuing change for adapting environment surrounding us.
Covid policy is way to leniant.
Be open to your employees, let them know what is in future
Keep the open communication between the team members.
Fill the pipeline Employ people who are really into the job not only for their own career.
More collaborative and supportive culture (wow) within cross functional teams.
At the local subsidiary, the working place is very good.
Let vendor take over data entry issues to release the resources to case review. Or keep a limitation of our daily workload to ensure employee not work overtime too much.
more bonus
Better annual pay increases, implementation of sabbatical leaves of absence every 5 years to do charitable work
Stop inventing new initiatives and fix the bugs in the ways we make decisions. Fix the existing electronic systems and use them efficiently, rather than replacing them with new systems that underperform for the first couple of years and trigger a new set of stop gap procedures in Excel/Sharepoint/Access that address the shortfalls . Digital is just a buzz word and not new either. Stop pushing a plethora of internal social media, newsletters, sways,.... that at least I have no use for, or even time to read. Realize that MSD is already hugely diverse simply through the fact that it covers the rest of the world with many nationalities and cultures. The D&I program is very US (problem) centric. Why is there no program/training available that creates awareness how people in different countries work, communicate and collaborate? Don't get me wrong. Still a great place to work!
Business Transformation - from business to supporting function
Encourage internal hiring. most of the opening are externally hired, while we have great profiles internally that can be a better fit.
There has not been enough clear communication/information sharing about the recent downshift/FSP headcount reduction. I understand that this is largely due to co-employment law but a failure to spell out who and when right from the beginning has caused a lot of unnecessary anxiety and communication challenges within study teams.
Stop preaching politics to employees and focus on our jobs and making sure processes run smoothly instead of putting too much emphasis on diversity and inclusion training. It's getting old, fast.
Take care of employees... don’t take bonus dollars from successful employees and give to unsuccessful employees. Also, when you have a successful year, the next year’s sales goal is higher. If you were not rewarded for the successful year, you are being punished twice... no bonus and higher sales goal the next year.
Embrace new ways, not just talk about it.  Move faster, reform our operational processes around budgeting, procurement.  Change our mindset around what we can do vs what we've always done.
keep focus fridays!!! I find it so helpful when i have back to back meetings all week and no time to carry out my actual work encourage flexible working
Reinforce Merck/MSD purpose, exploring "from silos to network" working as One Merck/MSD.
In the push to standardize, corporate groups are force fitting tools that are built to handle a specific need to now cover a larger scope.  Also, many times the tool affects a site’s business process but the business impact is ignored.   As a result, new initiatives are leading to frustration at the user level, and has increased the potential for human error.   An example is QualityDocs.  System was originally set up to handle "Quality Management Systems (QMS)" documents so the document types and workflows set up were only focused on Global Quality Manual documents.  However, when QualityDocs was rolled out, all GMP related SOPs were migrated into QualityDocs and any site SOPs must follow the stringent workflows set up for a QMS document whether needed or not.  Also the previous document number has been replaced with a QualityDocs generated number.   In the past we knew Form-100-1, -2, etc  went with SOP-100.  Now there is no connections between the SOP and form numbers in QualityDocs
MSD is already doing great job making the company the best place to work & deliver on our mission
Balance all the required trainings and meetings. We are aware of the Quantity and Quality Initiative in our work, but all the meetings and trainings can interfere with getting the quantity needed to obtain the quality.
I think MSD/Merck is already the best company for people to work for. I can't think of any improvements!
Assist Commercial teams  with Support Departments also customer focused...
Continue protecting employees' safety and supporting work/life balance.
Continue to focus on work life balance and ability for flexible work arrangements (working from home).  It's also very important for the company to stay neutral on political subjects.  Senior leadership (irrespective of department) seems very aligned around a far left political view.  The vote in the last US election was close to 50/50, but the "tone at the top" seems very aligned with less politically conservative views.  We need to respect the views of all and the best way to do this is to stay out of the political narrative.  Taking a stand on racial injustice - YES...but keep specific political views (and this is an unconscious bias of many of our leaders) out of the workplace.
Investment in areas of business that are fueling company growth, focus on filling roles with the most competent people rather than checking box on D&I, consider remote working or recruitment and retention, create more levels to attract and retain and create succession opps,
More transparency communications for the company's strategy
I think that the actions and discourse of our managers must be congruent and this is what must be strengthened, in the area in which I work, behaviors that damage the life-work balance are often recognized. Several collaborators work long hours, what is worrying for me is that it is not seasonal but a habit and that these same collaborators do not have the intention of changing, this strains the work atmosphere.
Deliver on our pipeline and make sure that we outmaneuver the competition, while continue to focus on ethics and compliance.
Continue/Improve upon D&I trainings especially for middle management.  Not just 'recommended' training but required training in ways other than a myLearning setting.  This needs to be continuous and not just once.
Any opportunities to help new staff (who started during the pandemic) gain a sense of belonging with the company since starting virtually can be a bit disorienting (and can cause a sense of anxiety since you don't actually know your colleagues as well as you would if you started in person) would be great. Opportunities to connect with colleagues across divisions would also be great.
recognizing that talent can be found in a bandwidth lower that 400 as well, if the opportunities are made available - this is not the case.
Working with some risks as opposed to do everything without taking any risks.
Get out of politics
continue to support working from home as an option for those those who's daily activities may not warrant being in the office even after the pandemic is over. it has been really great being home on the days when being in the office was not required. it saves employees hours of commuting, when they were planning to be on their computer all day anyway. this would be a nice benefit/work perk moving forward.
Get rid of the RAT tool and let us work freely in the field or at least allow the RAT tool to be OPTIONAL.  If a customer wants to see us why can't we go?  This is getting ridiculous.
Would love to see Merck do another assessment of base salaries (not bonus/commission), and reward employees who have several years of Oncology experience with a higher base salary.  I know with 100% confidence that with my 5 years of Oncology experience at Merck, I could now leave Merck and make a minimum of $20-$25K more on my base salary by joining any number of other large and stable pharma companies in Oncology.    Also, maybe take a closer look at what some other pharma companies are able to do and not do with customers and be a bit more flexible when it comes to the restrictions that we have.
As noted above I think we need to shift away from an unhealthy work culture that values overworking, which is detrimental to employees and their health in the long run. I think we need to proactively encourage better mental health for employees through more open conversations between managers and their direct reports around workload, stress, etc. the onus shouldn't be on employees to raise this when they are struggling. Practical and real measures such as mental health days and transparency around reasonable work expectations would help this. Also the company giving back to our communities/contributing to rectifying larger social issues would be a great way to make employees more proud of the company as a place to work - perhaps employees could also be involved in some of these initiatives as part of work time. (e.g. be given the opportunity to spend 3 hours of a work week for a set period of time performing work for a local charity)...
We are on the right track in terms of improving our agility and responding to global unmet needs.  I think there are ongoing learning/potential partnership opportunities beyond pharma to stay ahead of the next phase of patient care.  This will require new talents, capabilities and tough resource choices to get there.
Find a way to include more "up managing" so that decisions that are counter to efficiency and progress can be altered. I appreciate and support Ken Frazier's efforts in urging companies to oppose restrictive voting laws. A just an equitable society is a stable one. Create more incentive and awareness for employees to get involved in making the world a better place. Many new employees have no clue about Merck Gives Back programs and matching gifts. I'd appreciate the opportunity to get more than 80 hours of company matching for voluntary work.
Continue to speak out about current issues impacting our society, support organizations that need our help, actively drive towards more diverse workforce and leadership
Make overall IT strategy more clear in MRL and connections to systems being implemented.
Webex free or limited Webex Friday would be great. Mon-Thurs is jammed with meetings and limited focused time during the working day extending every work day to get work done
cover 100% health insurance for staff's family
I feel we are very top heavy.  Incentives are geared towards those at the very top.  Limited opportunities for career growth and financial growth.  You can count on the cost of living raise and that's it- people in expensive areas can't live on this anymore.
Continue efforts to gain efficiencies and streamline processes and systems for clarity and simplification.  Some processes are extremely inefficient and cumbersome, making accomplishing tasks more difficult and time consuming.
Continue with and develop more benefits/policies that go above and beyond other companies to support retention.
Taking more deliberate actions to allow employees to maintain better work/life balance, primarily in terms of # of hours required to get the work done.
Value current employees and ensure they are treated with respect.  Management of our production department needs a lesson in these principals to reduce turnover and increase moral.  Overall I feel extremely valued and respected in my department/position and find it concerning individuals from other departments within the same organization don't share the same opinion.
Merck networks are still operating in too many silos. Too many sites are making decisions which do not align with network best practices. The company also keeps pushing innovation, but is rarely willing to take risks. This aversion to risks is resulting in stagnation and preventing us from making significant improvements in our processes or facilities. We also have too many tasks to complete simple actions. Streamlining results in multiple new systems being implemented instead of just improving or replacing the systems we have.
Merck is full of talented individuals that are all willing to work hard toward their many goals, it is without question the best group of people I have ever worked with in my career.  Merck's leaders are approachable and transparent and open and encouraging, I am happy to follow them and trust my career aspirations, as well as my livelihood, to their (and my colleagues) expertise.  I am proud to work for Merck and to personally help it as the org works to further facilitate Diversity and Inclusion, I am thrilled to be a part of an organization that will take a bold stance on this. Merck strives to achieve work life balance, I see and know of many programs designed to accomplish just that.  I believe that the organization and its leaders and individual contributors want to achieve this. Unfortunately, I don't think that we are quite there yet.  Almost everyone I work with simply works too much (myself included).  This is not a criticism; but it is a reality. We can still do more here.
Continue to focus efforts and resources on getting great products to market.  Limit the number of other distractors.
Need to address workload.  It's heavier than ever.  Even "slow" months are full and it's turning into a firedrill culture where I'm spending all my day-time work hours dealing with "urgent" messages for that day.  And then the only time to think, plan, prepare, or work on longer-term projects is at night or on weekends.  It's not sustainable.
Hire more resources within our team.
to put there employees (hourly) first like they use to.
Merck should be a leader in how we do business with our customers.  We have important information regarding our promoted products that we are unable to get to our customers due to policy that was not considered by sales leaders, out-dated tools to allow field employees to engage, limited virtual resources that are consistently not well-received by our customers.  This is an incredible place to work with great people that have a goal to improve patient lives, but many frustrations exists that prohibit us from being functional in our job role.
Continue to strive to expand products for patients
keep listening and supporting employees
Be more customer centric. Focus on developing product than developing SOP
Fill the gaps of degital literacy in managment team & operation team between the expectation & where we are now.
Focus on human and agility of market, cut down number of meeting if it is not vital. Besides, considering about the KPIs which are not really practical and useful
Should Consider to Launch New Brands to India from the Brands Available Globally, for better future sustainability and to provide the best patient care from our end. Should work on Field force benefits apart from salary.  Like Daily allowance, Which is comparatively less than the market and the actual expenses were really High. Helmet allowance is Rs.750 once in the Service. Helmet with required standard is available only above Rs.1500/- and above, also it need to be repeated once in 2 to 3 year like a cycle.  its just like a pinch of salt from my end.
Company needs to build its portfolio in vaccines.
Well communicate the purpose and goal of the compay to employees
Address unfair practices in career paths / biased senior leaders
Less bureaucracy, Make Simple (the) Default in stead of Make Simple Difficult. Only roll out a new or improved systems and/or procedures if it really makes work more simple and compliant (where the work is done).
Invest in a learning culture and digital mindset.  We're great at implementing technical solutions but we need to prepare colleagues for a continued and fast paced digital environment where we all thrive through curiosity and possibility.  Instead of focusing on the skills that got us to where we are now, we need to foster a mindset of continual reinvention.
Continue to recognize the great achievements and milestones we have reached. Avoid a blame culture, focus on what we can do to prevent mistakes/accidents.
Continue same as till now... Always great
Centralise the power. Decision making  of territory/ area... allotment should be based on equal potential to all employees. Should not be biased. We’re someone is given almost no potential territory or key account. Just to ensure that employee is demotivated and leaves the organisation.
make our processes more streamline and easier. remove silos between MRL and HH. Aling on other's pharma companies procedures without creating barriers to implement innovative and valuable initiatives for our customers.
Work to retain job roles
Everyone in the MSD understand who are our customers and have the capacity to comunicate with them if needed
More attention to workers, their emotional condition
Each and every thing is good we should work in the same way
MSD as for now is a good place to be in, as for some steps will be to offer better and clear opportunities of internal growth of to be able to leverage the way employees are being promoted. Having clearer visibility on career path will be helpful to engage employees further
Changes to our pre-Covid ways of working should be considered for the post-Covid period. In the first place, more flexibility concerning working from home should be considered and continuation of virtual format of meetings where in-person presence is not critical.
Expanding the supportive jobs to encourage scientist to focus on innovative solutions for future products
Continue on the path of diversity and inclusion among the current events.  Continue to put the patient first, focus on the science to deliver the outcome.
When we had our national virtual conference and Merck only sent two gift items and other companies were sending several boxes of gift items it was a little disappointing since Merck was saving so much money on hotel and food and it seemed underwhelming (same gifts if we had been there in person). Sometimes it’s the little things.  Also other companies are luring others away with bigger financial incentives and if Merck wants to be a leading oncology company, they need to match the benefits of the other companies.  Otherwise I would say that for a big company Merck does an excellent job from top down of being supportive and in the know and wanting to do what is right within the current political context and global happenings.  I felt so supported during the pandemic and felt Merck did the right things on a personal level and financial level to feel that my job wasn’t at stake and to balance home and work duties.  Thank you so much for that!!
Ensure training and mentorship of newly hired employees.
Focus on the work and delivery of it.
Continue to stay focused on delivering on the pipeline and open up the lens on where to target hire
Keep the focus on George Merck's saying.
Continue to look at new ways of working and flexibility
I love working for Merck! I have been here for almost 9 years and don't plan to leave anytime soon. But to make this a n even better place to work  i would suggest that all the changes we are seeing in the compliance space with Annex 1, QMIS updates, introduction or all new mandatory IT systems, that these changes are a lot for personnel at smaller sites. Not that we are not excited about change just all at once is a lot of keep up with and incorporate in a small amount of time, and do it effectively.
I feel totally supported at Merck, I feel that I can communicate with my manager about anything and she encourages me to do so.  MERCK IS THE BEST PLACE TO WORK
We really need to find a way to make it easier to get work done during working hours. It is nearly impossible to have time to work during 8-5 PM, given the constant meetings and evolving processes and continual requests for information, often with no clarity on how it will be used. We need to simplify the process landscape and management practices so everyone can get core work done during core working hours.
Better IT integration for our systems. We need to make a much bigger investment in IT infrastructure and resources vs buying out of the box systems and bandaiding them together. This would help with overall simplification of system and processes and less administrative burden to HQ and field colleagues.
Have actions match the words.  Put the strategy and priorities into practice.   The silos continue despite the WoW.  The strategic plans, roadmaps, and prioritized portfolios are repeatedly invaded with adhoc projects and initiatives that once again stretch resources beyond reasonable levels.  Focus on defining the core skills and capabilities you need and put the money and time so people can truly upskill and re-skill to those goals.  Stop focusing on a small subset of individuals that get all the opportunities and start focusing on the broader talent pool.
Keep morale high. Give your good managers support with removing bad employees who are bringing a department down. The direction of a company starts at the floor level. Empower your managers to do their job.
I'd like to see MERCK and MSD break away from the CROs or less dependent to CROs.  Merck and MSD have its own talented people who are vested into the company's future and mission.  On boarding training should be manage directly by Merck and MSD and not CROs to have a sense of ownership.
employees seem tried / challenged by pandemic over last year - why not extend Summer hours?
Need to do better at empowering teams and making decisions at the appropriate level.  Too much has to come up to the senior leaders for approval.
Increase the sense of belonging, invest (truly) in the employee - both professional and personal development, create a sense of security with strong pipeline and provide opportunity to grow.
Managers should have defined tech and managerial responsibilities (60% managerial 40% tech, for example) allowing them to define thier time and priorities appropriately. Allow for coaching and development, constant day to day doesn't allow for personel\professional development.
As we return to worksites encourage managers to allow employees the flexibility to work from home. This past year has proven that it can be done. Employees are beginning to feel anxious that they may have to return to the 5 day in person work week.
Provide Veterans, Veterans day off with pay.
It seems like we are always going to a new system that is supposed to make things easier but it just makes things more difficult. For instance, the lab safety inspections are performed using the new SAIL system which is supposed be performed on an ipad that we can use to walk around to do the inspections. However, there are no ipads available in my area and there is no way to print the inspection so I have to keep walking to and from the computer to enter the inspection information. It's inefficient.
It is so important Merck and MSD could support psychological follow up to their employees.
If we truly want to be the best Oncology company, we need to be able to meet the needs of our customers and their patients.  That would require us to rethink the restrictions that are placed on the customer facing team (rules around FFM's, rules around supporting patient events and our participation, rules around conferences, rules around virtual engagements, etc.).  There also needs to be fewer OSR's.....7 OSRs, plus 3 OKAM's plus an NE, ODS OREG and FRM calling on the same customers is way too many.  We will only be seen as world class if we listen to our customers needs and find a way to  give them the resources they are asking for. First step should be taking a good look at what our competition is doing and at least start there (BMS, AZ, Esai, Genentech).
1) Continue to remove barriers related to system and lenghty processes that are not customer focus. 2) Some HO employees are close to burnout due to workload. The hiring freeze is not helping. We continue to request delivering more with less but I feel the elastic is stretch to its maximum.
If system can be intregated and more flexible, it will be great to improve the speed of work and motivation to do the work.
Drive for dynamic motivations and growth mindset in work. Provide more work-life balance and healthiness guarantee esp. during the context of uncertainty and covid epidemic. Make workplace feel like home.
Make it less restrictive when it comes to working from office during pandemic times. Staying at home with kids and working at the same time is sometimes just unbearable.
Get rid of the blame it on our people culture in Brinny, when our systems are the real cause of most of our compliance issues. People in fear of losing their jobs, no one wants to sign & take responsibility
more initiatives for global health - including low income contries
Be bold and take steps to drive innovation at pace. It's great we're encouraged to speak up with ideas and, whilst those ideas are often 'jumped upon' as being of value, they get slowed and bogged down by process but, more critically, by a change-resistant mindset. Change happens when it's additive and maintains status quo. Change gets blocked when compromises (real or perceived) need to be made.
I think MSD has the values and inspiration to make it a great place to work. Our managers are consistently keeping in touch at all levels in the company to see how we are feeing and getting on. This is not micro management but it gives a feeling of been valued that your state of wellbeing is been recognised and what you do matters. Managers can appear in any area and have a conversation with anyone they meet not just other manager. This gives us a sense of belonging and welcomed.
We have a huge aspiration for digital, but digital is very fragmented over different functions and ops units . we need a better alignment and understanding how this comes together so we do digital to solve our business problems and not digital for the sake of digital
Show leadership and advocate for those countries less well off and not being prioritized , specifically in current pandemic but also availability of other life saving medicines.  If we are the voice of change, others will follow. It would instill such a sense of pride in employees.
Provide better resources for training new employees.
When employees are required to meet near impossible schedules for high priority projects, the company should offer to buy back vacation when the project schedule cannot be met if employees all take their vacation time.
More research.  Start creating OTC Products to shore up finances while trying to create the next blockbuster  product.
Launch several successful products...didn't say billion dollar products.
as a new hire (still less than a year here) I think everything is great and the company is on the right path. At the moment, I can't think of any additional steps to be taken.
Improve recruitment practices. (efficient replacement/on-boarding of staff. decrease in delays in approval/red tape.) Adequately resource departments required to supply our customers needs. Especially human resources. Recognise and mitigate overextension and excess stress before colleagues become overwhelmed. Truly acknowledge mental and physical health of staff and refrain from penalizing individuals for decreased performance when they play a factor in performance. Ensure people managers have the time and resources to manage their teams successfully (limit non-management tasks allocated to managers by increasing available resources. Acknowledge at a senior management level that necessary increases in headcount will not always be measurable in increased "output" but will increase quality, decrease losses, improve safety and foster a work environment which doesn't drive staff to leave MSD due to unmanageable workload and stress.
Consider how flexible working can be beneficial for employees mental health moving on from the COVID pandemic. Consider how different sites across the UK and US can work together mindfully.
I think MSD provides continuously and properly all the resources to make our journey and to deliver to the society what is expected from us. Being a giant of pharmaceuticals and biologicals, MSD could help his employees by providing Covid vaccines in countries (like mine, Argentina) that are struggling to get them.
Remove the 12 lunch rule in FPL. Our competition is winning because of our policies.   Also, if you’re going to keep the RAT tool around. We need earlier in the week. Friday at 3pm that affects Monday appts is practical. For this reason I don’t schedule anything with customers on mondays.
focus on making and selling great products.  stay out of politics
I think we must be able to be and be seen (make it official, communicate) as more flexible in terms of work load and need to be physically present at the office. The world has changed way faster that we all have anticipated and now people will want to find a balance between WFH and RTW. What is Merck's official position about it? I still don't know. But I bet many collaborators are willing to see a more flexible approach to it by Merck.
Making the hiring process less onerous on the hiring manager and more streamlined in getting new hire set up immediately before and at time of starting...it can take weeks to get actual hiring process complete even when candidate has been identified and accepted role  Continue to educate on digital business tools available, a lot of tools are there but hard to know that and learn how to really get value when also managing day-to-day role....
Continued investment in new products, clear communication regarding priorities
Stay focused on our mission to bring novel solutions to unmet medical needs across the globe.
I love working remotely, however I feel the company needs to embrace better ways of working and enforce consideration for each other while working remotely. The company's main source of support has been additional emails/meetings, but no action to support our mental & physical well-being through this. Many other pharma companies gave some Fridays off for mental health. I am constantly working more than I was when we were in office and the expectations of working around the clock are present, with meetings regularly scheduled over lunch and into evenings. The behaviors have continued for over a year now, making it increasingly difficult to push back. Even our vacation and time off policies need to be updated. Most specifically our maternity leave is the lowest of other pharma companies. We have just about as much time as a dog mother is given before her pups can be adopted. For a company that speaks so highly of delivering on their mission to their employees, it is difficult to see.
Launch new medicine for additional support to current portfolio.
Move from Process Focus to Customer Focus. While we pay lip service to Customer Focus, our Commercial Operating Model in completely incentivizing risk mitigation over customer value. Except that aspect I love working for MSD and I'm proud of the work we do!
stay connected with mums on maternity leaves
Bring IT and Science close together Allow more resources for exploratory and small demand project Allow bottom up approaches to drive innovation
reward the employees
Credibility  -Communication: Communications are open & accessible. -Competence: Competence in coordinating human & material resources. -Integrity: Integrity in carrying out vision with consistency.  Respect -Support: Supporting professional development & showing appreciation. -Collaborating: Collaboration with employees in relevant decisions. -Caring: Caring for employees as individuals with personal lives.  Fairness  -Equity: Balanced treatment for all in terms of rewards. -Impartiality: Absence of favoritism in hiring & promotions. -Justice: Lack of discrimination and process for appeals.  Pride -Personal Job: In personal job, individual contributions. -Team: In work produced by one’s team or work group. -Company: In the organization’s products & standing in the community.  Camaraderie  -Intimacy: Ability to be oneself. -Hospitality: Socially friendly & welcoming atmosphere. -Community: Sense of “family” or “team”.
Hold managers accountable for ways of working. I left my previous department partly due to the lack of my manager embracing all of the new cultural and business tools that we are encouraged to use. She did not take these initiatives seriously and played games. I did speak up through the tools offered and saw some positive change.
I feel extremely blessed to be part of this company. Over the last year I have been absolutely blown away by the amount of support we have received as employees
Work on a digitalization strategy for Animal Health and apply MPS consistently, now we throw them overboard the moment it becomes uncomfortable.
To deliver on our mission, maybe a slightly risk averse attitude.  This is admittedly easy to say but difficult to implement.  I think the company is doing a good job licensing in products and making judgments as quickly as possible, while maintaining strong internal efforts.
Review the Resourcing Model.  A huge portion of MRL is moving towards "contractors, iFTEs and temps" to do the important testing, development and important, but routine work. No every Merck FTE scientist can be "splitting the atom in new ways and innovating". Someone as to do the routine work, and do it well. Contractors are not the answer, they have little investiment in merck, care little for culture, and do the minimum.  Innovation is not forced. Period. Someone does not go into the lab and "innovate". Innovation is a function of necessity and if everyone is sitting on subteams, program meetings and initiatives at home, nothing will get tell.  you tell me. How is someone, working from home 5 days a week, going to innovate anything? what are they going to physically test, develop or do? Read papers? Review data (that they make the on-site contingent collate for them)?  Make a powerpoint?  its pathetic. MRL is riddled with R4 and R5's who haven't stepped in the lab in 2 years.
Continue to invest in research and development of new drugs and vaccines.  Continue to offer opportunities for employees to take on leadership roles within the company.. Maintain an inclusive environment for employees from all diverse backgrounds.
To actively listen and hear employees suggestions, and or ideals.
Communication is Key - With new information coming in all the time I think the company should be more communicative. The easiest would be emails. Rather than waiting for town halls and such. Simple email updates would help eliminate rumors and keep everyone focused on the goal.   Reassess on-site recourses - As horrible as COVID is there are some silver linings that came with it. West Point site already have struggles with space allocations in certain buildings. The past year and half should have shed light on which positions can be made to WFH indefinitely so the personnel that are required on site get proper work spaces to continues working in a efficient manner.
Prioritize programs to enable innovation and development of new modalities.
Value your employees and the hard work they do.
act sooner when additional resources are needed. Fix the roof when the sun is shining.
Ensure there are sufficient resources in place to deliver on projects which will make MSD a better place to work.
Alignment on initiatives across divisions is needed. We have very targeted goals of accelerating pipeline development, however there is significant disconnect between commercialization and our operations and quality partners. The onus for changing our legacy practices does lie with all employees, however the path might be smoother if our ops and quality partners were hearing the same messages (or perhaps getting updates from our MSDC leadership) about initiatives to simplify and accelerate. This might be happening and maybe the messaging isn’t coming down from their leadership—either way, there’s a great disconnect in how we’re all pushing to reach the company priorities.
Step to change in this changing world to make us better.
Technology is changing very fast, though due to complex processes and multiple org\group involvement, it slows down change.
Job security and future career growth .
Simplify the processes. Inhance the use of Digital solutions and AI.
Customised solutions and increased sales force
Job security for me is a huge stress factor for now.
Work on clear communication and building trust
Be transparent about what’s going on.  In the field, we have so many vacancies and many OSR’s are covering multiple tumors with very little acknowledgment.  Why are we losing people? What can we do to attract and retain talent?
Provide better training when an employee is new to a job. I think we need designated trainers. We need time to actually learn how to do a task before being asked to do it. Training should come first.
Recognise people appropriately for the work they do (i.e. promotion) Hiring adequate staff to do the work would reduce stress levels
After covid: also make it possible to work partly from home instead of the office, also for QA jobs!
Continue with the current path, I feel as though this company cares about its employees as much as we do the patients and that makes it such a great place to work.
From my vantage point, I do not think Merck engages in talent retention to the extent that would benefit the company at levels below the M2 level.  Use of RSU's to reward talent across all levels helps keep people growing within the roles and reducing employee turnover.  When employees are on critical projects or in critical roles, retention incentives are seldom used in order to ensure key talent stay in role through full implementation.
I think other companies pay more than Merck. I am worried that we will only have people that have been at Merck for 20+ years or younger people will use Merck to gain experience then move to companies that pay more. I think we could invest in our people more with salary.....younger workers don’t really see the “value” when they look at total compensation. I believe many tenured employees stay for the pension but are not as motivated as they could be.
try to review the reward and recognition program, better equipped to attract talent to fill in vacancies where understaffed,
support the sites with more measured changes that allow time for appropriate training and acclimation.
Top management needs to have open communication with employees, no sugar coating please.  Tell as is.
MSD is a great place to work.
Have oncology branch off away from Merck so we can truly operate like a leading oncology organization instead of like we are all in primary care.
Transparency in all aspects
Diversity and inclusion ad per what have told repeatedly is not practice that well in this branch of MSD i guess. Promotion and project always goes to those who close with management.
Provide adequate training platforms for all staff.  Provide enough resources to perform our job sufficicently to a high level without compromising our personal safety or quality.  Managers should provide understanding and support to get the work done and not degrade team members.
Develop a more long term strategy based on R&D, new novel products and people orientated. Focus less on cost reductions, etc. instead focus on stability and new medicine.
I hope There Will be more possibilitys to see my colleges live instead of digital.
willing to make a decision, and improve the cross function team work.
1. Maybe can consider to Include self-assessment and evaluation in AIP 2. Organize departmental function or appreciation activity once a month
When we are allowed to return to the office make sure that we keep the flexibility that everyone showed the last year and stay open to the option to partially work from home
Firstly , please allow the sales force flexibility in contacting our Drs and to please allow flexibility in setting KPIs regarding SIP is , telephone calls, text messages ,and REEs  should be included as opposed to being measured on High Expected numbers of Veeva Engage
Greater rotation of people within the business to breakdown 'functional' barriers
to have more diverse pipeline, it seems we are focusing mainly on oncology and neglecting fields that we once dominated
Reduce the amount of information being shared and training to be completed. There is currently too many less relevant emails, postings, messages, initiatives and training to be completed (at least for me) which takes much time and disturbs my work. I'm overwhelmed by information.
Continue to develop new product that will help to answer the need/s of the market/industry and will benefit the producer to consumer level. Continuous support on all people behind the Merck and MSD
Re-evaluate employee's salary by increasing 10% can boost employees to work more harder and have more ownership
Have increased team manager input for hiring individuals please.
Simplify processes or provide straight-forward resources or FTEs to navigate them.
Keep the transparency
Adapt more creative new ways of working to accommodate continuous changing environment due to pandemic.
promote from within
1) leadership development on aspects of keeping a positive/inspiring (fun) aspect of personal connections among our work teams would be welcome.   2) commitment to development and of next level leaders would be important to continue 3) MRL approach to a more capabilities-focus for leadership roles, over credentials-based (MD) requirement would be welcome to the many PhD/PharmD top talent individuals who may leave the company if they don’t see a future in leadership at Merck
invest in more area specific training for the M1 group. A greater emphasis and probing on people and conflict management skills prior to being hired.
Keep up the great work!
Make the following processes easier and more efficient:  Purchasing, external scientific collaborations, software ordering and installation, data transfer from lab computers (i.e. non Merck laptops).  Make the promotion process in the Research track more clear and allow for more advancement in the research track (i.e. advancement that doesn't just involve moving to the Management track).  Scale executive pay to either overall company performance, or to the average salary within their division (and by pay I mean TOTAL compensation).  This is a symbolic gesture but I think employees and the general public would greatly value it.
As I said before.  Sr. Leadership needs to make sure the middle layer understands to prioritize only the important projects instead of throwing everything down stream (at least during pandemic time).  This would alleviate a lot of stress people are experiencing.  Half the projects won't even get budgeting.  We need to hire help when/where we need it. Some departments are over stocked with people while others have 5-6 doing the work of 20, it's unbelievable.  So those are some things I think we should look at.   Also, our bonuses this year were not great, and people klld themselves this year to do as good as we did.  It would have been nice if the company threw a little extra in to compensate.  It seems we over estimate how good we are going to do and then that becomes the reason to give a lesser bonus.  I think we should be more middle of the road like other companies in determining our expected revenue for the future.  Just a thought. Thank you.
Need to Plan and Prioritize projects in a better way. Every project cannot be worked on or completed at the same time
Keep open the communication channel so people will continue to speak up
Keep investing even more in R&D so that a robust clinical pipeline does not take away resources from the early discovery space. Require Covid vaccinations to allow for a quicker return to work schedule (offering on site as needed).
We are so conservative on compliance rules that we create business inefficiencies and poor customer experience.  It has often been purported by leaders at Merck that our compliance culture is a "competitive advantage."  Companies must find an appropriate balance between reducing risk and attempting to avoid all risk.  Rules and policies that are designed to approach 'zero risk', as many Merck policies are designed to do, position Merck as a difficult, cumbersome, and out-of-touch company more concerned with protecting ourselves from any possible risk vs. a company sincerely interested in supporting patients and customers.
Making us smaller and more nimble by spinning off Organon leads to greater growth rates and ROIs, but it puts us at risk during patent expiries like Keytruda that might wind up being 1/3 of our revenue.  I haven't heard from our senior management a defense of this position, risk and why we should be betting on ourselves now - what's in the pipeline that makes this a 'sure bet'?  I believe they have done the analysis and I trust them, but it still makes me a little uneasy.
Thank you for frequently being visible on the right side of social issues... I looked to see if Merck had joined the conversation regarding voting rights in Georgia, I was THRILLED to learn we had LED this conversation.  I wish Merck was more visibly combating climate change, loss of biodiversity, and health care availability in the US.  This isn't Merck's business, but if large, ethical, powerful entities like Merck are not driving for change, who will?
Provide the employees of good training about the most recent trends in shared services, such as data science tools.
I have worked at other great companies. But Merck is at the top of my list. I am thankful that I have the opportunity to work at Merck. Great company. Keep doing what you're doing.   Thank you
Increase our Drug Research divisions.  We need to produce our own innovative drugs for the world.  Not purchase other companies that have better technology than Merck.  That philosophy has not proven to be beneficial for our company.   I feel that we failed to provide the world with a COVID-19 vaccine because we do not possess the resources for research.
Motivation for the employees to keep doing our work
By having a world class food court or canteen or restaurant to get healthy food 24/7 since MSD running in 24/7 for different countries people working in MSD as a full time employees.  MSD takes responsibilities for their own employees personal health and makes sure to get healthy food.
Try to have legal understand that we will need to be innovative, try new items and competitive.  Need lawyers who appreciate this environment and can find solutions which protect Merck but allows us to compete.
MSD needs to remove barriers and streamline the way that do things to be more effective. Work balance is something that should be consider (work at evenings should be an exception and not a routine)
The processes & SOPs are so convoluted that colleagues choose to not try instead of finding a possible way to go ahead.
An increased willingness to deliver innovative solutions for unmet needs.  A willingness to consider external partnerships in order to develop new technologies in areas outside our internal expertise.
Enhance the onboarding process. Offer new members an aggregated information at welcome, make it smooth, ensure they feel safe and aware of all the benefits and clear initial steps.  Decrease the number of meetings, allowing time for continuous work.
Creating operational efficiencies around the company so we can reduce time to get drug to patients.
always listen to the people
Analyze key delivery and compliance objectives (site and network) and align all available resources to ensure future success for MSD and Merck
The current pandemic situation is difficult to navigate and leads to a tendency for more frequent and less effective meetings.  Being able to better establish a sense of community in a virtual environment and share ideas will be important near term.  The organization should also explore a future state that more effectively leverages virtual/remote work so there is an appropriate work-life balance.  Even simple things, like no meeting Friday or no e-mail after 6:00 pm to 7:00 am unless critical is a good way to help with top-down disconnecting.
Develop a plan to use the already undeveloped land available at the Merck Cherokee site and the land available that is for sale that borders the site to manufacture new or already existing products that help our customers and their animals live healthier, happier lives.
continue what they do
Having people sitting at the correct level to receive the relevant information to make sense of the changes of direction in strategy from a divisional perspective and how those changes enable us to make informed decisions at a local/site level.
I think streamlining the multiple systems we use would be really useful in increasing productivity. I think the hardest thing about working for Merck is actually getting access to all of the various platforms. For example, VeevaVault, PAS-X, QualityDocs, SAP, etc. It is a lot to juggle and each platform requires a different access procedure. Sometimes I truthfully feel lost or confused when trying to gain access to all of the different platforms and it is my main blockage to being efficient and productive at work.
Continue current initiatives and provide additional time for innovation projects
Look to balance working with people across multiple time zones.  e.g. 2 night calls per week is still acceptable, everyday would be a stretch.
Most of ideas and concerns are not considering from the people by top management team ,  In covid situation ,they are talks only about how to save job but not any innovation , sharing thoughts
I'm really excited about our new strategy.
An aging product portfolio and increasing access challenges.  Hoping that the product pipeline performs.
Strong pipeline and drug development on COVID-19 treatment to save patients' lives
The Covid-19 development that took longer then many other company's, worry's me a bit.
New management is extremely inexperienced and prioritizes webex meetings instead of managing the shop floor.
Strong vaccine pipeline is very encouraging for our future and for the communities we serve.
The care they provide to the patients and employees
I don't see standout products beyond Keytruda
I feel very excited to where Merck is going with Regards to Diversity & Inclusion
absence of promising pipeline products
good quality of medicine
Following our 4  Covid19's programs (2 vaccines + 2 therapeutics) the top management decided successively to stop (probably for good reasons) I need to be reassured about our pipeline (including internal R&D and external business collaboration) perspectives  to maintain attractivity of our company
I honestly just do my job as much as I can, but people is always commenting how hard it is here to grow or to be a senior or have a different career path and that makes me feel unmotivated because I don't know if I would still be here for that since right now they're other companies who have higher salaries with the same job am doing with higher possibilities  of growth.
2 reasons, poor acuity on business and an internal woke environment that's fostering a charged political atmosphere deleterious to conducting business.  Mr Fraser no longer represents his fiduciary responsibilities to the stockholders/employees.  The only reason this isn't a 'strong disagree' because I'm reserving hope that Rob Davis puts us back on track!
Hearing rumours my division is going to be sold.
I am not confident at all about where our company is headed. It seems like every day there is a new policy that further limits us being able to do our jobs. We are responsible for our numbers, yet, company policy takes away tools to accomplish this. Also regarding re-entry, we are the only company I know of with such extreme restrictions on working during COVID.  I appreciate the importance our company places on our safety, however there has to be a better way. We’re sales people. We want to be out working and meeting with customers when they allow, not sitting on conference calls for 8 hours a day, 5 days a week. Even being fully vaccinated, Merck won’t allow me to get on a plane and work with my OSRs, even when I have one or two who could really use live coaching. It’s incredibly frustrating not being allowed to do my job.
Need future products
Lack of a CVID vaccine candidate from Merck is disappointing given Merck's successful history with vaccines.  Merck is currently highly dependent on Keytruda ad Gardasil.
Worried about pipeline other than Keytruda
I feel like our company is committed to solving global health issues and that keeps me excited for our future.
Merck should consider investing more research/development in mRNA vaccines given the success and approval of Pfizer's COVID vaccine.
Yes, the future is bright for the company because of the amazing people that give incredible efforts and dedication every day to advance this company. However, I don't think it's possible to be fully excited about the amount of effort it takes to keep that excellence for the company and at the same time also be excited about the "life" part of work/life balance. After more than a decade of working here, I've decided it's either all-in on one or the other for me - I can't go half-way on either because I'll end up being mediocre at both. That's due to the standard of work that's been increasing more and more year after year in my particular area.
A bit concerned about over-reliance on Keytruda.  Merck MRL has not significantly developed compounds for the Company's portfolio for quite some time.
I love the mission of Merck and how it puts people before profits. In a world that is rapidly changing, innovation is essential. Merck prides itself on its innovation and I’m happy to be a part of it.
The company increase in shipments do not include more personnel for the increase in work to be done.
getting worried about product portfolio, and what happens after "spin"
I think we have moved the needle on the culture of our business and are continuing to put the right messages out there around GD&I initiatives that make it know that Merck is a great place to work.  I also believe we are building the correct digital and data analytics solutions in place to support the need to make data driven decisions for the future.
I don’t know how long I’m going to have a job.   Covid has restricted our access and at what point will Merck decide to downsize.
I look forward to see the innovative pipeline products come to market
For the first time in a while, I feel like I did when I first started 22 years ago. Have products to offer to customers that are advancements and truly a value to their practice.
I am a new hire in past year - faced with some leadership changes including retirement of Ken Frazier and Roger Perlmutter, as well as several leaders in the PV division leaving in the past 6 monhs
in the home office regime, I need to more time to finish the work to be done. I miss face-to-face interaction.
As a new member of the Business Process Team, I have been provided with all the resources and trainings to do my job in a smooth and efficient way.
Resources for personal work are available and plenty. Resources for projects (FTE) are very limited, putting a high workload on the project teams. There is no prioritization according to importance for the company. This seems to be an ongoing trend that only gets worse with Expedition25, which looks like a reason to limit resources but is pitched as a way to improve efficiency.
I have the ressources, but there are obstacles as well (ref. comment at question 3) Also we lack ressources at key positions fx Medical Legal approval and Event managment/Meeting team, which slows down processes.
I do have the resources to do my job well, but efficiency could be improved with more IT resources to help build more automated solutions (opposed to very manual work today).
I have a great manager who has great leadership, diligence and communication and skills
IVA and digital assets on point.
The implementation of SIP has been a challenge from the start, and with the evolving functionality, ongoing known issues, and slow support, SIP is an impediment to completing my job well at this time. The available resources are not always easy to find, nor do they cover the issues we are facing.
Employees are being requested to do more and more outside of our actual primary job.  Such as Biosafety Officers, quality auditing, transfers etc.  We realize these are very important issues and as such should have someone who can devote there time to, not just when time allows.
I wish we had better customer resources like Q6 dosing materials.
We have some internal barriers and different view points holding us back.  I feel if my division would seek more open insight we would have the resources we need to do our jobs well.
Oncology field emails are a joke.  In this virtual environment we need more flexibility to make them impactful.  Our DCO tries....but as per usual...Merck moves too slow.  Again, you want to be number one....act like it.
Absolutely agree with this question and the opportunity to elaborate. This company has given to us absolutely EVERYTHING necessary to be successful in our roles, especially in this new virtual era.
Websites don’t work.  Physical coupons are gone that customers value.  Lack of formulary coverage with objectives that are not possible.
Backfills are not approved in a timely manner leaving teams to struggle for months.
Overall I agree, especially with regards to the business unit that I work within (US Virology).  A notable gap and opportunity exists with engaging West Coast academic institutions (and respective thought leaders) at both the MRL level and type of connection (needed most), as well as higher levels of sales management (if any value/value-added resources are available to them for National KOL Relationship Management).
The budget îs cut every year
We really need to look at educational materials that will make a difference to our customers and patients and not just the cookie cutter resources.
There are always ways in which I can think about optimizing the resource load and application to the pipeline. I have been supported all the way through with resource requests while at the same time being challenged to think of creative ways to resource critical activities which in the long-term is a really good thing. This aspect is really important to continue to focus our efforts on the areas of most need while still being able to balance we are putting things in place for the long-run.
The OBU buys data relevant to the performance of Keytruda that others think I should not see.  I don't need more marketing vis aids, I need to see the data so that I can challenge my own assumptions as to performance and be thoughtful as to how I analyze my market.  My time is wasted more often than it is wisely used in the pursuit of knowledge that others have and refuse to share.
Information sharing is very strict, and it is often inconvenient to share information with customers.
Computers would make our lives much easier! Not all programs function the same on the ipad
I'll consider time as a resource here. Critical projects with very fast timelines makes getting everything done properly extremely difficult. Employees have to routinely work long hours and on weekends, under a lot of stress. While technically we meet the timelines, we do so at cost of a healthy work environment. While meeting demand for medicine is important and undoubtedly there will be stressful times at work, treating employees with dignity and respect should also be held as paramount. I've seen these unhealthy situations play out too many times here to for it to be considered as a "rare" occurrence, as every other project is considered critical. If senior leaders genuinely want to drive retention and prevent their employees from burning out, they should think beyond the bottom line of what their goals are. Additionally, managers need to stick up for their teams more, instead of immediately bending to pressure.
Not easily, I put serous effort to  make sure I find the recourses I need.
The addition of virtual resources have been very helpful.
In this pandemic situation, Some of the best companies provide the Call over phone or WhatsApp and SMSes as one more tool to report for our customers but we, at MSD, still stick to one tool i.e. VEEVA Engage.
I'd like to understand other functional areas better to be more effective in advancing the business.
I really appreciate the profound learning resources in MSD's internal platforms.
I have been equipped with elearning portals to help me with accessing with promo mats and understand better about data intelligence
Same example as before. We must improve our Small Meeting tools.
Work/life balance
common sense being used in this company , IT area being more and more difficult, so many updates in any area what is not in a man capability to get known and apply to the business, the way how is within company pushed diversity and inclusion which is on boarder of white discrimination
managing workload, managing the volume of meetings
Professional development (talent and performance management)
I have a good job with a nice team, good pay and good benefits. I am being treated fairly. The company is so conservative and all focused on Pembrolizumab that I am not sure I will be able to find any professional fulfilment or meaning, but let's give it a good try.
As an MSD employee working in scope of a global project, at Animal Health/ ANK Site, I am concerned about my salary compensation package. I am responsible of attending the meetings for global projects, efficiently communicating with global teams and local teams as a link between them, performing routine works; yet I feel not compensated salary-wise.
Work life balance, stress due to work, equality in the work place, recognition of value, value as an employee
Trying to meet business objectives in environment where healthcare systems are closing to field representatives and with “new” policies on frequency of FFM opportunities.
My family is always my first priority and concern.   Some locations have already announced they will not open access back up to reps after a year of Covid closure.  Too many politicians are being elected that don’t believe in upholding the law and the country is trending towards Socialism/Communism.
Some team members are being pushed too hard for too long.  They aren't getting a break.  This is leading to burn out with no end in sight.
My broader organization consistently loses our best people to competitors who value talent more than we do.  Because of below-market compensation and titles, I cannot recruit the talent I need for our group to maximize success.  This has resulted in me needing to closely supervise every project, which is unsustainable and does not produce the best results for the organization.  While the work my group does is mission critical, we seem to be much more attuned to how much investing in our people would cost in the short term than how much it would produce in the long term.  I can't help but see some of our setbacks and ask if we could have avoided some of them if we were willing to invest in hiring and retaining the best talent instead of just making do.  Even our end-of-year review process is designed around the idea that our teams will have only a small percentage of top performers and be made up primarily of average talent.  That's no way to be the best in the long run.
I am trying to stay healthy and family from Covid 19 Pandemic.
I want Merck to look at modified work schedules and to offer options like working 3 days a week.
I am most concerned that even after over 100 million doses of vaccine has been administered, when I specifically ask what are the updated guidelines and allowed work activities for fully vaccinated customer facing employees, I am provided with NOTHING. There appear to be no changes for fully vaccinated employees as compared to when there was no approved vaccine available. I have asked my manager who has asked their managers and I have also asked in advance of the monthly updated COVID calls and receive NO definitive answers as to what the approved work guidlines changes are for fully vaccinated employees. Deeply Disappointed and Frustrated that no clear direction is being provided to employees as vaccines have become more readily available. Disappointed that long-tenured employees, considered some of our best talent, feel it necessary to leave the company because they do not see a clear path forward with their career with Merck. I hate that we are losing good employees over this.
Pace of change inside the company and the ability of leaders to help their people adapt.
To get me and my family vaccinated during this pandemic. To have a better health insurance. To be able to provide quality time to my family.
I don't want to come back to work too soon. I used to drive to Branchburg twice a week, and had friends there. since I've been home, so much has changes, and i don't see much reason to go back into work.
work/life balance.  Working more than 12 hours a day  and several hours during the weekends for the past 3 months
Vacation / disengaging from work
Burnout and mental health issues all related to COVID topped with work stress!!!!
My workload right now and for the last 3 months has been unrealistic.  I have flagged this to my manager 3 times in that period, but nothing changes.  Our IPT are loosing people regularly and it takes too long to have them replaced.  As they leave their workload is spread among the other team members which is unsustainable.   Managing my workload currently means long hours - which is impacting me and my quality of life.  I have no issue making an extra effort to get a project over the line but the current situation is unsustainable - over the last 10 weeks I have worked on avg 50 hours (sometimes in the evenings, sometimes at the weekends). I am a not a manager and my current salary does not reflect this ongoing commitment to MSD.  I have started to seek employment outside of MSD.
Supply chain,
Compensation
work life balance at merck is poor.  I worry about how this impacts my health.
Merck should be more actively supporting diversity and inclusion: implicit bias training for managers, focused recruitment from diverse schools, etc.
I am concerned with the number of people here at Millsboro that clock out at lunch, take their 30 minutes, clock back in and sit down in the break room for a n extra 20 minutes or so, it happens every day and no one says anything about it, it's not fair to the people who work very hard every day and have trouble keeping up as it is.
Other: Stress from working remotely
keeping up with work while maintaining my mental health
The workload is becoming untenable. Work/life balance is non-existent.
income inequality is becoming larger and has been since 1970. I don't get how an executive CEO or owner for that matter can be happy making 40 million a year and getting a 24% increase while workers on the line making 15 or 20 an hour can barely get a 1 to 3% raise and cost of living is 3% or more. Not this company in particular but companies in general.
I am concerned about the change in leadership with Ken retiring, about our portfolio, about the new leaders taking the helm about our future and destiny going forward.Trat
Personal development opportunities in my role
what doesn't work well here on site Boxmeer is the "one MSD" spirit. I am really disappointed that every IPT is it's own kingdom with own rules and instructions, they do not meet on site level. for departments who have to deal with every IPT it is very hard, to comply to all that.  another problem, logistics is always forgotten in every stakeholder analysis and that is creating tons of extra costs and inefficiency.  there should be done much more, mainly top down to change that. we could be so much more effective as an organization when we finally start to work together instead of against each other to chase individual goals.
career opportunities and support
Merck has become too political
I have a challenge managing too many projects.  It would be good to get more support.
Stress.  Financial security.
Answer to 17: Right now, I'm most concerned about finding another job or some other meaningful way to spend my time.
with the pandemic and the mandatory work from home, there was a strong request to allow work from abroad for employees: I don't think it was understood how important was that for employees life balance.
Regarding racial injustice, my concern is that it is being exploited to advance an agenda that is antithetical to liberal values and is essentially creating racism under new management. I have grave concerns over the influence of Critical Theory on the ability to maintain the integrity and robustness of our scientific data and approach to knowledge acquisition as well as its ultimate impact on the very groups (I would say individuals) it aims to help. I firmly support a diverse and inclusive workforce and views, however I do not agree that implementation of Critical Theory is the best way to get at the work that needs to be done in the area of social justice and equality.
Company is quite inefficient and top heavy, and incentivises spending on external vendors.
Development opportunities or opportunities to progress my career internally
We need more paper visual aids for customers that do engage digitally
The balance of staying motivated and passionate to continue propelling my career while getting burnt out from the stress of Covid and returning to the office in a safe way and doing my current job.
What process will change next and I will have to learn on the fly.
work - life balance
Motivation, innovation of not-core business, fitting reward
Work/life balance
Manager's wrong decisions.... Pushing people to do the non compliant things
right people in the right place. we want a lot in the department, in the iPT . This cost money and resources which are not jet in place
Lack of direction in IT, no real change, just renaming positions, the ways of working is not changing at all
I'm not concerned.
too many meeting in a day
I feel much more confident in my health now that I've received the COVID-19 vaccine, but I still struggle quite significantly with stress-induced migraines.
work life balance is a serious issue
work life balance due to working with global team. Long hours and late into the nights. There should be compensation for our sacrifice.
We have now had 2 years in a row where shutdown dates have not been locked in until we are very close to shutdown.  We need to do a better job.  In the past those dates were locked in the fall before.  We need to get back to that.  So people can plan for here  and home.
Work/life balance
Work-life balance.
Pressure, uncertainty and a culture that leaves the employee feeling they must always do more and that we are never good enough
Msd India needs newer medicines to facilitate Indian market and patients as now Januvia is going to loose its exclusivity.
Being pulled in multiple directions from work. I have been on assignment and traveling for 4-5 years and there doesn't seem to be certainty about the future
Development and growth at Merck
I am constantly stressed at work, worrying about who will follow behind me and check on my work to report to the managers.  I feel bullied because of my questions on how we do things, my want to change things for the better, my intelligence and for not fitting into the mold, I've told managers several times that i'm on the autism spectrum and that my brain works differently and i have trouble interacting with others and I have felt no considerations.
work life balance.
Staying relevant in the current market, and adding value to customers
I love Merck and am very happy here-however I am curious to see how we move forward to compete with manufacturing trends of competition and discounts. Everyone I know at Merck is very happy here and the only reason I know people are leaving is due to competing companies paying higher salaries/bonuses/commission
The impact of environmental changes on human and animal health.
Mental Health
